Mechanical team, internationalized, electrodynamically advanced.
The company was founded in 1994 as a concrete machine, expanding its operations through the acquisition of Putsmeister and Parfigue.
At home: domestic engineering and mechanical plates are at the bottom of construction, with some of the main areas at the drop point. 1) cranes: 23 m8 years of positive growth in domestic market sales of cranes in China ...
A positive increase in the sale of cranes with vehicles over a six-month period, with some items of crane plates or up-to-date: (2) excavators, concrete machinery: two types of products are more relevant to real estate, infrastructure and are still at the bottom stage, and we expect a new cycle of excavators to be expected.
Exports: Global multiple offices, with significant increases in overseas revenues over the last three years. Companies focus on product exports, with offices in various parts of the world; in 20-22, corporate overseas revenues reached $22,460 billion (56 per cent of income) and offshore markets.
According to the statesta data, the global market for engineering machinery was close to $150 billion in 22 years, with companies accounting for over 22.1 per cent of the domestic market, while overseas markets accounted for only a low rate of electricization of engineering machinery, and the electricization of the company ' s multiple main products was moving rapidly.
According to interactanalysis, the rate of motorization of excavators, bulldozers, large loaders and electrics in 22 years is less than 1%, well below the rate of non-road machinery, such as forklifts. The company has been active in recent years in electricizing large engineering machines, and in 22 years it has launched nearly 70 new electric motors.
In addition, 22m1-m9 companies accounted for 94 per cent and 62 per cent (26 per cent) of the domestic market for three electric products in cranes, blending vehicles and tractors, respectively, and the public sector market for electric products was high.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Downstream capital investments have fallen short of expectations, competition in overseas markets has intensified, and prices of raw materials have increased.
The company was established in 1994 to start with concrete machinery, and then gradually expand product layouts and sizes through external acquisitions and internal expansion to domestic engineering.
External acquisition: the company expands/breaths, excavators, cranes, concrete, etc. through external acquisition of trio machines, Parfig, Putsmeisters, etc.: internal expansion: the creation of new companies from inside concrete machinery to excavators, bulldozers, road machinery, automobile equipment, etc.
The company’s founder, Liang, held 19.35% of the shares, led the company’s decision-making process several times, and eventually became a top-notch engineering mechanic (1) “two-way strategy”: it had to enter the big city, Changsha: it had to enter the big area, engineering machinery. This led to the firm’s direction of its operations, with large cities at its core and engineering machinery at its core.
2) Adhering to autonomous R & D and national production substitution: Liang insisted on autonomous and manageable ideas, leading companies in the management of hydraulics, excavator designs, high-intensity steel plates, etc. 3) Acquisition of Putsmeister, opening up internationalization: company acquisition of German Elephant-Ptsmeister in 2012
The process of internationalization has created the basis for the follow-up of offshore operations as a new growth point for companies. 1.2 Product + Channel system is in place, with two-wheel drive to strengthen competitiveness Product: the company has now completed five product systems, including geotechnical machinery, concrete machinery, cranes, road surface machines
Through the outreach + internal expansion described above, the company has now completed a product system of five categories, 28 subcategories, including, among other things, real estate, infrastructure, mines, etc.
Domestic: High-quality distributors are tied through equity participation. Companies work with distributors in most of the provinces, and in a unique way of holding about 10% of the shares, in the form of deeper benefits, increasing the voice of distributors, while creating benefits.
(a) “Ours”: by the end of February, over 400 overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and agents had been set up to create a system of channels “me-driven”; and (b) “Ocean operations”: the number of international employees has passed over 4,600, the rate of localization of overseas industries such as the United States and the European and Indian industries has exceeded 90 per cent, and the importance of localization has increased market suitability and responsiveness;
3) “Services first”: the number of international service outlets has broken out by 1,200, the supply capacity of overseas components has continued to increase, from 1.3 to 1.3 in the post-market, and the net profit has long been among the top in the industry.
The size of the company’s revenue collection, the net return to the mother, was higher than that of other head companies, Xu Engineering Mechanics, and Qing Quanqiang, after 22 years, more than the company’s limited intake of Xu Yu and its limited schedule. 23H1 Māori was 28.2% (a relative increase of 4.2 pcts in 22 years) and its profitability was significantly optimized.
Higher interest rates are due to higher prices for products such as the Biden capital programme in the North American market, which has led to a tight balance between supply and demand, and the prospect of a profit-making capacity that will be commensurate with the international giant Carter as the company’s overseas revenues rise and the domestic market rises. Figure 9: Short-term pressure on the growth rate in Xu’s industrial complex due to the low domestic market.
Figure 8: The company’s Māori rate has begun to catch up with Carter’s main business 23h1 profitable recovery, thanks to an increase in the overseas market share. The company’s Māori ratio for its main business has continued down since 2019, but the Māori rate for 23H1 dredges, cranes, concrete machinery is 34.3 per cent/25.0 per cent.22.1 per cent, respectively.
2) Export of core products is smooth and more profitable in overseas markets. 1.4 Cost compression, higher overseas income ratio, and positive corporate Māori rates continue to rise.
In 19-22, with the increase in the price of raw materials, such as steel, and the decline in downstream demand in the engineering and machinery industry, the company ' s Māori ratio was slightly lower than that of Xu (no excavator business until 22 years ago) and China Federation (higher financial costs).
Cost compression, rising overseas income ratio, looking at the company’s increasing Māori ratio: Cost end: steel prices have a clear impact on the Māori ratio of engineering machinery. According to the Chinese Institute of Industrial Research, steel is one of the main raw materials of engineering machinery, accounting for about 30% of the cost of engineering machinery.
Five large engineering and mechanical companies, Xu and ICU, analysed the Māori ratio, which between the beginning of 2020 and the end of 2022, had a stronger negative correlation between engineering and steel prices. Steel and shipping prices were on a downward trend and cost-side pressures were reduced. 2020-2022h1, due to the epidemic and the effects of the Russian-Turkish war.
Steel prices continue to remain high, with prices starting to fall down as the adverse influences weakened in the second half of the year, and 23 years of downward pressure, given the historical high levels of pre-epidemiological stocks. Meanwhile, maritime prices are largely restored to pre-epidemiological water levels, iron ore shipping costs are lower, raw material pressures will be further reduced, and profitability is expected to recover.
Figure 16: Historical high stock, moving steel prices downwards Chart 17: Returning maritime prices to normal Income structure: The increase in overseas income ratio is expected to lead to an overall increase in profitability.
The Māori rate of overseas income has steadily increased and has surpassed the domestic market in 21 years; moreover, competition patterns in overseas markets are relatively good, Māori levels in future overseas markets are expected to increase further, exports of domestically produced engineering and machinery are successful, and overall Māori levels are expected to continue to optimize as companies increase their overseas earnings.
Figure 19: Significant increase in the share of overseas earnings by 23h1
Equity incentivizes the core workforce to show long-term high-growth confidence in performance. The company released the equity incentive scheme in 2022 and 2023 for two consecutive years: 1) 2022: 145 senior managers and core technicians were awarded a total of 29.7 million shares, representing about $590 million of the total equity model, covering 96% of the core workforce and the depth of growth of the core workforce and the company.
Domestic: The engineering and machinery industry is in the bottom stage, and the pioneers are expected to benefit from the end-of-cycle dividends 2.1 products: the cranes are either in the field or have arrived, the blenders and excavators are in the bottom stage The cranes are in the bottom stage: the industrial ice points have passed and the sales of the 23m8 cranes on the Chinese market are on the same scale as the sales.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Machinery, the monthly sales of the domestic cranes in August 23rd year amounted to 2,623, i.e. +0.3 per cent, a positive increase of four months in a row; in addition, according to the breakdown of the product category, the stock of cranes with vehicles has been growing at a high rate for four months, and the crane industry is expected to lead the recovery in the engineering and machinery field.
Concrete machinery: Concrete machinery is still in the bottom stage, and continued land easing policies are expected to boost recovery. Monthly sales of 576/1108/2604 vehicles per month in China, compared with 63/36/36/36 per cent, have reduced somewhat, and are still in the downward cycle, influenced by the low level of the housing sector.
Diggers: The domestic market is relatively low, and a new up-to-date cycle is expected to open in 24 years, and downstream start-up data are still low, waiting to warm up. According to data on the number of hours that lightly unworked, the number of hours that the dredgers opened in August of 23 years is 90.9 hours, and the ring is 2.4 per cent higher, ending the four-month downward trend.
In view of the climate, the domestic market is still in the bottom-down phase. As the property is under-stretched, infrastructure is on the ground, and historical excavator sales are on the start or review, it is expected that the next round of excavators will start in 24 years.) 2005-2008: the country's 11th Five-Year Plan is further urbanized, capital construction, railways are entering the investment cycle, and cities are expected to start.
Investment in municipal public transport, water, etc. has increased by about 30% annually. In 2009-2011, investment in capital and real estate was driven by 4 trillion dollars, capital and real estate investments expanded, and excavators began to emerge from the economic crisis of 2008 and to grow by 23 months.) 2012-2016: stimulus policies have released downstream demand ahead of schedule, with excessive expansion of productive capacity and credit expansion.
4) May 2021 to date: Slower macro-speed, lower downstream demand for real estate, infrastructure, etc., continuously in the excavator industry Logic: complex engineering work conditions, heavy wear and tear, replacement cycle of excavators 5-8 years, assumed life expectancy of eight years, replacement in the sixth year, replacement rate of 10 per cent/20/40/20/10 per cent in the sixth to tenth years, weighted calculations
As the goods entered the second-hand market without use, the equipment upgrade was delayed accordingly, and it is expected that the period 2017-2018 will be phased out. 2.2 The company is the leader in the engineering and machinery industry, with multi-sector markets at the top of the list.
Excavators: Excavators are the main category of engineering machinery, with single items sold in excess of 50% in 21 years. According to the Chinese Engineering and Mechanical Industry Association, the share of excavators, loaders, cranes in the engineering and machinery industry was 57.0%, 23.4% and 13.1% respectively in 2021, with excavators being the largest category of engineering machinery, accounting for up to 57.0%.
Figure 28: Excavators are one of the most important products of engineering machinery
Concrete machinery: The company's concrete machinery industry is leading. According to the company's announcement, in 2022, the company's concrete pump and mixer markets were 30% and 40%, respectively, leading the industry. On the scale of the sales, the company's concrete machinery earned 270.5/266.715.8 billion yuan in nearly three years, respectively, higher than that of the UCG and Xu machines.
According to the company announcements, the company has earned 194.121.866.1267 billion yuan in the last three years, which is the country’s top three. In 2022, 40% and 32% of the country’s companies were carrying cranes and car hangers.
Figure 32: Domestic market share of company cranes in 22 years Figure 33: Corporate crane operations are among the top three in the country 3. Overseas: exports of engineering machinery continue to grow at a high rate and overseas markets open to a second growth curve
3.1 The competitiveness of the country's product plate has improved and exports of multiple types of engineering and machinery products have been successful cranes: the short-term slowdown in the export of cranes has affected the high base in some of the overseas regions. Starting in January 2021, exports grew from 5 per cent in May 2021 to 28 per cent in August 2323.
Excavators: The share of domestic excavators has increased earlier abroad and exports have continued to rise, while the absolute amount of exports has remained high. The development of our domestic excavators over the years has not only continued to promote the replacement of domestic markets, but has also begun to open markets abroad because of value for money and product quality advantages, with the export of excavators rising from 10.6 per cent in January 18th to 56.7 per cent in August 23rd.
Figure 36: The monthly rate of increase in the export sales of excavators is short-term pressure Figure 37: The offshore market has become the main growth point for domestic excavators
3.2 The overseas layout of companies enters the harvest period Overseas channels: companies have responded to the strategic direction of the whole world by establishing offices, R & D centres and manufacturing bases around the world, resulting in the localization of R & D, production, marketing, and service delivery strategies across the value chain, resulting in the formation of three Indias, three Indias, one Indias, and one Indias.
Four major industrial parks, such as the United States, 12 overseas distribution areas, and Germany’s transnational M&A strategy in Putsmeister, have significantly enhanced the company’s international competitiveness. The “one-way” outsourcing process has a high propensity, and engineering machinery is well exported in “one-way” countries.
According to ifind data, new foreign engineering orders issued by Chinese enterprises along the “one-way” route in 19-22 were consistently in excess of hundreds of billions of dollars. China’s engineering and mechanical categories were well exported in the “one-way” countries.
Long, of which the excavators performed well, the 23h1 excavators earned $9.96 billion overseas, an increase of 32 per cent over the same period; concrete machines and cranes earned 4.5.1, 3.76 billion yuan, an increase of 14 per cent and 58 per cent, respectively.
At the same time, the share of overseas cities is still relatively low relative to the country, and there is much room for forward upscaling. Companies grow up in overseas markets and compete at the same time: 1) Space is large: 2022 companies have 21.9% of the home city of the excavator, 7.5% of the home city and 7.5% of the home city, which is a direct reflection of the combined competitiveness of overseas countries, which is expected to progress in the future through continuous overseas localization.
Note: The market rate is estimated to be estimated by the scale of the sale. 4. Engineering machinery is electric, and companies are leading the process of electricization.
4.1 With low electrodynamic penetration of engineering machinery, 27 per cent of non-road equipment worldwide has been electrodynamicized for years of long-term replacement space, driven mainly by forklifts (63 per cent of electric motorization), suspense high-air operating platforms (25 per cent of electricization) and cut-off high-altitude operating platforms (89 per cent of electricization).
The equipment was excluded, with only 0.04% of non-road equipment having been electrocuted in 2022, with less than 1% electrodynamic penetration in large engineering machinery such as excavators, bulldozers, and large loaders. As the performance of electrodynamic products and their operational value ratio has increased, the penetration rate will increase, and we expect it to be global in 2030.
The size of the market for electric excavators and cranes would amount to $5.53 billion, or $2.87 billion. Core assumptions: Infiltration rate: based on interactanalysis data, it is expected that the electrodynamic penetration rate for engineering machines such as excavators and cranes will reach 5.1 per cent in 2030.
Market size: According to Grandview and Straits, the global market for excavators and cranes in 2030 will be $10,837, 56,290 million, and, on the basis of our calculations, the global market for electric excavators and cranes in 2030 will be 553, 2.87 billion.
4.2 Active electric transformation leading to industrial development Product end: companies have long insisted on high R & D inputs, actively hugging engineering machinery electricization, and accelerating the introduction of electric products. 2021-23h1 companies have been active in the development of electric products, with a cumulative total of 59 electrodynamic technologies, with R & D rates for the same period.
Figure 46: Maintenance of high R & D rates in companies
By the end of 2022, the company ' s electrodynamic products covered the mainstream engineering machinery, such as excavators, cranes, concrete machines, and the most complete. By the end of 2022, the company ' s electrodynamic products basically covered the mainstream engineering machinery category, which was nine major categories, far exceeding the progress of domestic and external head manufacturers, and it was expected that, with the development of engineering and machinery technology, the company would have an operating-price advantage.
According to the data from the new commercial car network, in 22 years, m1-m9, the public sector accounted for 93.5%, 62.0%, 25.6%, 17.3%, respectively.
Industry number one. In 22 years, electricity generated 2.7 billion yuan, an increase of 170 per cent, and market recognition: 1) domestic: excavators are more relevant to the property-based construction cycle, the industry is still in the bottom line, with a slight decline in domestic market revenues expected in 23 years, and a new round is expected to start in 2024.
(ii) Overseas: company excavators exported successfully from the overseas market, 23H1 Māori overseas at a high base: as engineering machinery enters the upper cycle & the overseas income ratio increases, it is expected that the earth-based mechanical plate Māori ratio, 2, Concrete machinery:
Collection: Concrete machinery is mainly based on concrete pumps, mixers and transport vehicles ... more relevant to real estate, infrastructure. As domestic real estate and infrastructure progress to the bottom of construction, we expect the domestic market for corporate concrete machinery to be at the same level as last year and, on the other hand, thanks to steady growth in overseas exports, we expect that concrete machinery will earn 23-25 years of revenue.
(a) Collection: Heavy lifting units are divided mainly into engineering cranes and construction cranes, which are downstream related to a number of industries such as wind power, infrastructure and real estate, and have a relatively low correlation between crane products and the real estate cycle compared to other engineering machinery;
Recovery: As the downstream demand of the engineering and machinery industry recovers, the company will gradually recover its growth in stump machinery revenues, which are expected to benefit from the active use of countercyclical adjustment policies at a time when road machinery is expected to earn 34.8 per cent per year for 23-25 years, owing to the high level of infrastructure-related activity, the delay in the commencement of some of the infrastructure stimulus policies to 23 years.
Māori ratio: The downside pressure on road machinery is lower than that on excavating machines, cranes, and it is expected to double as well. We select Xu Engineering Machinery, Central IUCO, and Willow as comparable companies. Reference to comparable corporate valuations, companies invested less than expected in downstream infrastructure as row 6.1. Engineering and machinery products are more relevant to capital investments such as real estate, if downstream infrastructure is to be built.
Risks, exchange rate risks, which may have an adverse impact on the company’s operations if the overseas trading environment deteriorates. 6.3 The risk of rising raw materials rises. The company’s raw materials are large commodities such as steel, which may affect the company if the raw materials rise significantly.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market, within one month, within two months, and within three months.