On December 27, 2023, Research Assistant Weiringer,
Keywords: #Export orientation#Smart economy 3x3x: Model engineering machine construction, 3x1 for domestic engineering machinery, product cover of core products such as excavator machines, cranes, concrete machinery, etc.
In the area of excavators with the largest downstream applications of engineering machinery and the largest market space, companies have achieved the highest global sales volume, with company excavators exceeding 100,000 in 2021, weak real estate demand in 2022, pre-price overstretched demand, larger stock equipment, etc., falling down the engineering and machinery industry cycle.
Added to the rise in raw materials and the weakening of the scale effect, the company’s performance has been strained and its profit rate has been reduced to historically low levels. The industry of excavators is expected to start a new stock replacement cycle around 2025.
Engineering machinery is widely used in infrastructure, real estate, etc., and is considered to be a barometer of the economy. Of these, excavators, because of their widest range of applications and often the most advanced in the construction process, are considered to be wind cursors of the landscape of the engineering machinery industry. Engineering machinery, represented by excavators, is expected to warm up gradually: (i) the need to update the stock in the interior is approaching: the demand for excavators depends on the need for the excavators.
Land-based engineering, represented by real estate and infrastructure, fluctuates in cycles with changes in the macro-environment. Retrieval of domestic excavations, starting in 2016, peaked in 2020 and began down in 2021. Domestic engineering and mechanics have accelerated the external market layout since eight years of life.
According to khl, a global manufacturer of engineering machinery has been ranked at 2022, with a global share of only 7% of three-time jobs, which is not yet compatible with product competitiveness. With overseas channels and brand recognition rising, overseas markets are expected to build another three-time jobs.
▪ Valuation thinking: bottom of the cycle, with both value and growth attributes, the company’s share price is more relevant to the engineering and machinery industry, Beta, and has Alpha in the upper cycle. Since 2021, the company’s valuation has fallen historically low, influenced by, inter alia, cyclical fluctuations and reduced scale effects.
In recent years, companies have regressively invested in quarterly reviews: q3 income meets expectations, profites.
With the steadyness of the industrial cycle, the realization of corporate globalization, and the release of scale effects, it is hoped that a greater profit elasticity will emerge in the new cycle.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Trio is one of the most powerful engineering engines in the country.
We maintain the performance elasticity resulting from the gradual warming at the end of the period and the realization of overseas competitiveness. We maintain the firm’s rating for 2023-2025: the start of performance in the second quarter, and the risk of trade friction, raw materials and higher costs.
1. Three-fold engineering: an example of engineering machinery, a leader's start-up, an example of engineering machinery, a strong man's strength, a model of engineering machinery, and a globally competitive product. Companies are mainly engaged in engineering machinery research and development, manufacturing, and manufacturing.
Sales and services, leading products include excavating machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, stevedor machinery, surface machinery, etc. Of these, concrete equipment is the world’s first brand, and leading products, such as excavators, large-ton cranes, spin drills, and road set, have become China’s first brand.
Figure 1: The three-pronged process of industrial development. The company ' s products cover core engineering machines, and its share of the three core categories is a national leader: as of the first half of 2023, the company ' s main business was as follows: (1) excavating machinery: $151.5 billion in sales earnings, 13 years of bonding in the domestic market.
The number of sales champions, the share of large and medium-sized excavators in the country has risen significantly by more than 5 percentage points; the share of mega excavators in the country is the highest, with sales nearly doubled in the first half of the year. (2) Concrete machinery: sales revenue of $8.395 billion and secures the world's first brand. (3) Heavy machinery: sales revenue of $7.364 billion, with the overall market share of mounted cranes in the country.
By the end of 2023, the company’s first shareholder was Trinity Group, with a 29.23% share, and the real control was Mr. Liang, founder and former Founder of Trinity Group Limited.
Chairman of the Board, through the Trinity Group and Direct Holdings, which together account for 16.58% of the stockholdings.
In the future, profits are expected to return with the optimal structure of the company’s business structure and the impact of scale. In terms of output, the company digs machines as the first operating block.
Excavator revenues continued to rise, surpassing the original main concrete unit business in 2017 as the largest contributor. In 2021, the excavator earned $40 billion, and in 2022, the excavator earned $35.8 billion, the company’s first operating block.
I'm going to dig a machine, I'm going to build a crane, and I'm going to do it.
In the subregion, 58% of overseas revenues in the first half of 2023. Companies have continued to improve their international competitiveness by pursuing a business strategy of “me, home run, and service ahead” in overseas markets. In terms of overseas revenues, the company as a whole collected $22.5 billion abroad in the first half of the year, an increase of 36% compared to the first half of the year, and for the first time it exceeded the domestic level, accounting for 58%.
In 2022, the subregion saw Asia and Australia as the largest export market, with revenues growing by 41% compared to the previous year, and 41% of total exports. The Europe and the United States grew faster, with Europe growing faster than Europe in 2022.
Both are growing positively, with excavators showing the brightest performance: (1) excavators earning $18.1 billion abroad, an increase of 69 per cent in the same year, significantly higher than 60 per cent in the industry. (2) concrete machines earning $7.5 billion abroad, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year, performing better than in the industry. (3) cranes earning $5.1 billion abroad, an increase of 25 per cent in the same year.
Engineering machinery: construction of the bottom of the interior, realization of the sea, gradual stabilization of the industry. Engineering machinery is widely applied in the areas of infrastructure, real estate, etc., and is considered to be a barometer of the economy. Engineering machinery is built upstream of steel, core parts (hydrated systems, engines, etc.) and downstream for infrastructure such as water, electricity and roads.
And real estate development, mining, and so on. The sales of engineering machinery are associated with the heat of economic activity and are considered to be a barometer of macroeconomics.
2.1. Underlying domestic demand, the renewal cycle is approaching. Engineering machinery is divided into two main sub-frames: (1) supply and demand: demand for excavators depends on downstream investments in property, infrastructure, mines, municipalities and manufacturing, among other things, due to cyclical fluctuations and land drag.
The impact of the extraction of the volume of earthwork and the creation of new demands for engineering machinery has been affected in recent years by underinvestment in industries such as downstream property, which has resulted in a certain suppression of downstream demand for engineering machinery. (2) Stock replacement: engineering machinery has an average useful life of around 10,000 hours and an average of eight years, and since 2016, according to the eight-year retention of excavators
Sustained growth, near saturation of stocks, has led to a decline in demand for recent years, but a new round of domestic engineering is expected to take place around 2025. In addition to the demand side of capital and real estate, the engineering and machinery industry is also linked to the equipment inventory update.
(2) Between the second half of 2011 and the first half of 2016: strong policy stimulus to end the price war in the + industry, the industry was trapped in nearly 60, with nearly 1.7 million excavators in 2022, and large stock replacement and post-market space. According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanics, in 2022 there were more than 1.7 million excavators in eight years, leading to a significant potential stock renewal.
In addition, there is scope for a new cycle of renewal as a result of the availability of off-the-shelf equipment services and spare parts, the re-production of second mobile phones, and the recycling of parts and components.
After years of development, the Triad has successfully joined the world’s first bloc, with a clear competitive advantage. The boxer’s global and domestic share is stable, the market position is strong, and the benefits cycle is expected to warm.
Figure 22: Global share of triple-I workers 5.2 per cent in 2022, ranked fifth in figure 23: Share of domestic excavator sales by triple-I in 2022, ranked first. 2.2. Globalization is advancing steadily and the share of overseas continues to rise
The market for offshore engineering machinery rose steadily, with three times the size of the country. In 2022, the market capacity for offshore excavators was about 490,000, which is three times that of China (150,000). Total sales in the overseas market (excluding the Chinese market) in January-September 2023 were still three times higher. And demand for excavators models varied from region to region: Europe, the United States, Asia-Pacific mature markets dominated by microdigging (municipals, municipalities, etc.).
Farming conditions, South Asian, Indonesian and Latin American markets dominated by Central digs (capital works), Central African (Middle East Africa) and Russian-speaking regions dominated by large digs (mines).
Although the global excavator market is highly volatile, China’s share of exports in January-September 2023 was only 14% of the global market, and there is much room for growth. For the subregion, the excavator is sold mainly all the way across the region, and the larger and more profitable markets in Europe and America need to be broken further.
According to the Association of Engineering Machinery, export sales in the excavator industry are expected to increase by 0-10% in 2024, resulting in an increase in the share of the three largest workers, one of China’s most competitive global firms, with a steady increase in the share of the regions. In 2022, companies abroad collected $36.6 billion, an increase of 47% over the previous three quarters, an increase of 3 pct over the previous three quarters, with export revenues rising to 47% over the same period.
+23pc, export earnings are expected to rise to 60% in 2023. For the export subregion, Australasia is still the largest export market, with the “drawling man gets the world”, and the share of the trio excavator continues to rise.
RMB 18.1 billion, an increase of 69 per cent. (2) Concrete machines earn $15.1 billion, a decline of 43 per cent, of which $7.5 billion, an increase of 6 per cent, are off-shore, and perform better than industry. (3) cranes generate $12.7 billion, of which figure 33: $18.1 billion, an increase, in 2022.
In 2022, only 7% of the triads' share of the excavators were raised. By market size, in 2022, the market space for excavators was about RMB 500 billion, depending on the type of excavators, and the foreign market was about RMB 190 billion.
By volume of sales, the share of the overseas market of the Triple 1 excavator in 2022 is only about 7%, which does not match the competitiveness of the product and gives rise to a wide range of opportunities.
3.1.pb returns to historical lows and has a good value for money. The company pb returns to historical lows of 1.6x, well below the historical average of 3x.
In terms of expenditure on research and development, companies have invested in retrograde research and development (R & D) into digital plant conversion, electric motorization, and internationalization since 2020. In 2022, companies spent $7,826 billion on R & D, accounting for 9.7% of revenue, and about half of the industry ' s research and development portfolio.
By the end of 2022, the company had 7,466 R & D staff, or 28% of the total, of whom 43% had graduate or higher education. The firm’s retrograde investment in R & D, channels, etc., is expected to bring about greater spatial and profit elasticity in the new cycle.
The internationalization of companies has continued to grow, rising overseas over the past two years. Overseas markets have been growing in scope, corporate products are internationally competitive, and overseas incomes are expected to grow.
Growing size, improved product structure, steady increases in corporate interest rates for major offshore operations, Māori rates to be released from the scale effect in the first half of 2023, and profit margins expected to be repaired gradually. Corporate profit margins are expected to grow faster and faster, with a shrinking and overlapping export growth.
Concrete machinery: The country's concrete machinery industry has dropped considerably over the past few years, with a low base expected to stabilize and mix it up.
Compared companies. In terms of product competitiveness, overseas branding, and channel construction, the trio is one of the most powerful engineering machines in the country, looking back at the end of the cycle, the elasticity of performance from overseas competitiveness realization, and the risk of macroeconomic volatility. The engineering and machinery industry is closely linked to infrastructure and construction investments, if macro-level policy and industry are to be found.
Industry cycle volatility risks. The engineering and machinery industry has a more cyclical nature and, if domestic macroeconomic fluctuations are significant, will have a negative impact on the development of the engineering and machinery industry.
International trade risks of friction. In the future, China’s engineering and machinery products are sold overseas or restricted, as geopolitical and trade friction risks increase further.
In addition, as the internationalization of major firms in engineering and machinery accelerates, and the scale of overseas market sales of products rises from year to year, the exchange rate also has some impact on the company’s performance.
Three financial forecasting tables for three heavy jobs: Toshio Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.