Chinese life (601628.sh) Investment elasticity drives high performance growth and corporate net return profits increased by 131.6 per cent in 2024 over the year.
By the end of 2024, the company had achieved a 14.3 per cent increase in total security and a sustained increase in the long-term value of its operations, leading to an increase in the company’s overall Nbv and its intrinsic value.
By the end of 2024, the risk channel had achieved 10.248 million yuan in premiums for the first ten years and above, an increase of 14.3 per cent.
Channel nbv, based on the economic assumption of 2023, increased by 18.4% on a year-on-year basis, with initial results of the transition. In the case of silver insurance, companies continue to strengthen the control of commission costs, with channel nbvmargin increasing by 13.1 pt on a year-on-year basis.
Given the impact of long-end interest rates and capital market shocks, companies carefully reduced the return on investment assumption to 4.0 per cent (non-traditional risks such as de-risk, red and albedo).
And the evolution of demand in the insurance industry, with some scope for a downward adjustment of the risk discount rate, to mitigate the volatility of the downward shift in the return on capital and to raise the level of reality and credibility of the valuation.
By the end of the fourth quarter, the bond allocation ratio had increased by the same year.
Life of China (601628.sh) - Shortening profit margins, deepening marketing reform - Life of China (601628.sh) - Tilting the Head, Double the Value of Insurance - Life of China (601628.sh) - Old Age Opportunities, Promotion of Marketing Reforms
Investment returns of 5.5%. In addition, the company has lost or lost $11.860 billion in fair value changes, and it is proposed to invest: China ' s life, as the leader of our personal risk industry, is moving forward with a series of debt-end transformation measures, adding to the ongoing repair of the asset-end core indicators, and we have raised the company ' s profits in 2025 and 2026.
In 2023, new accounting standards for the insurance sector were implemented to increase corporate profit balance volatility, adding up to the third quarter of 2024. The market rebounded significantly, and corporate revenues and profits increased.
The equity asset is designated as fvtpl, directly increasing the volatility of the profit statement. Under the new financial instrument guidelines, once the equity asset is designated as fvoci, the decision is irrevocable, only the dividends are accounted for as gain or loss, and the price difference at the time of disposal is not accounted for as gain or loss, but only as retention proceeds, so insurance companies attribute a large amount of equity assets to the profit or loss.
The effect of changes in the fair value of financial assets resulting from changes in capital markets on the profit statement becomes greater when they are entered into a financial asset (fvtpl) that is measured at fair value and whose changes are recorded as gains or losses during the current period. Second, the items in the profit table that are relevant to the accounting of investment returns have changed.
Gains/losses on fair value changes and losses on impairment of assets; the main relevant subjects under the new guidelines are interest income, investment gains, gains/losses on fair value changes, credit impairment losses, as shown in the table above for specific formulae and calculation processes, where “interest income” reflects financial assets classified as amortized costs under the new financial instrument guidelines.
On the basis of the company ' s performance in 2023 and 2024, we forecast profitability from 2025 to 2027.
1. Income from insurance services: Given that the current end of the industry ' s liability is still at a critical stage in the restructuring of the product, there is a significant increase in the return on fair value changes in the company. Subsequent returns on investment and fair value changes remain 3. Cost of insurance services: As the scale of corporate liabilities continues to grow, it is anticipated that the cost of insurance services will decrease equally.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject