q1 below the same level of performance The medium- and long-term layout value of information technology hardware and equipment The medium- and long-term layout value of information technology hardware and equipment The medium-term medium- and long-term layout value of information technology hardware and equipment q1 recorded an operating income of $2.28 billion in 2018, +18 per cent in the same year, and ring-to-6.5 per cent in the same year
q1 performance this year was lower than the previous year, but higher than the profit margin: q1 was higher than in the same period last year and was better able to excavate through the production line to achieve a steady increase in the harvest year compared to the previous year, with the decline being mainly due to a smaller number of working days in the quarter;
The decline in the net profit ring ratio was consistent with the same rate, indicating that the price of the q1 raw material remained high, while the q1 cost of the q1 sheet was higher, and the q1 cost of the q4 plate was higher, assuming that the decline in the profit margin was mainly due to a decline in the profit margin over the same period.
(a) The maintenance of stability has reduced the Māori rate and the lower cost of raw materials accumulated by companies during the same period last year, with total equity/flow (million shares) financial costs of $35.77 million, or +59 per cent, mainly due to interest charges on transferable debt;
The net interest rate has declined in the same year, mainly due to higher financial costs, transactional financial assets, the annual assessment of technology for profit - high growth in performance, the impact of fair value changes (-373 per cent compared to $6.43 million), and the decline in government subsidies.
Increases in cash payments, cash payments to employees and taxes. 387 million yuan in construction work in progress, i.e., 31 per cent of the same year, mainly due to additional engineering inputs for the Project Fccl and Phase II of the Shaanxi Project, pre-payment of land on behalf of Jiang Xisheng; 931 million yuan in bills receivable, i.e. 54 per cent of the same year.
A larger number of clients settled their loans on paper; net cash flow from fund-raising activities of $319 million, in line with supply of raw materials and demand for downstream expansion, supported by the cost of the corrosion plate: currently, the fibre sheet is tight and epoxy resins will be subject to a central overhaul of the biphenola production line and now increase prices.
At the end of the demand side, the global pcb industry is stagnating, smart terminal re-innovation is leading to a boom in stock market prices, car intelligence, electricization, communications, and high-performance computing changes, which drive the pcb manufacturer down.
The concentration of production and the demand for coatings, especially the strong will of national producers, the long-term price of the coatings, is supported by a steady rise this year, especially in the third and fourth quarters of the season, which is likely to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year, with expansion and new operations opening up new space.
5g high frequency ccl, no glue fccl, and ic are about to be released. The company’s new market this year has gradually increased its market share. HF products have emerged in cooperation with Japan, introducing process, technology and equipment solutions for ptfe products, and specialized plants have entered the implementation stage.
The project is expected to start at the end of the year in two phases, with a total annual production capacity of 1.5 million square metres, billion yuan, a net profit of 180-240 million yuan. In addition, the company, in collaboration with the Korean lig, has introduced coating soft-free equipment and technology, meeting market demand while also filling the technology gap in the country.
Low medium loss base material for servers, high reliability and heat-resistant motor power sub-base material, high heat-resistant low medium loss high-speed base material for communications, 5g high-frequency base material, high-density interconnection (hdi) base material, high cti base material for vehicle chargers, heat conductivity 3.0w/m.k
Products such as aluminum base plates, which are about to move to the market, will increase the company’s future performance growth, and will improve valuations simultaneously. The year’s growth rate will be high, with expansion opening up new space for new business.
It's been growing at a very high rate all year, expanding and opening up new space for new businesses.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.