The 30 million squareccl project was launched early in the year by Jiangxi Qijiang.
The project was changed to a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, Jiang Xisheng Scientology Ltd., where the project was implemented in Jiangxi Xijiang, where the original project was implemented.
In November 17, the company issued a transferable fund of about $1.8 billion, consisting of two major extension projects (Sangxi II, 13 million square metres of heat-guiding and high-density ccl and 3 million mpp per year).
The construction of the 17 million square tg, no haloccl and 22 million mpp per year) and the research and development office buildings is still under construction.
As a result of the change in the project, the Tsangxi project proceeded as planned, and the Pine Hill Lake project plot established the stock/flow (million shares) to build a plate-plate-based material production line, which is now gradually breaking through the coating method.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) with no glue fccl, 5g with high frequency ccl, and the forward layout of the base plate this time will be further advanced 12 months maximum/minimum
High-level companies add value to their products, considering that the current downstream capital pcb is also gradually breaking through the technology siege of foreign capital giants in the areas of ic boardboards, high-end fpc, etc.
The electronics sector - technology for profit (600183) - has contributed more to the company ' s capacity and income: the Jiangxi project, which was transferred to the project, has been launched in the past.
q1 year-on-year decline: 12 million m2 per year, 22 million m of commodity glue per year, 2nd issue of annual production, tablet value - 2018/04/26
One phase is expected to be completed in q4 in 2019 and will be completed in phase II. The product will be used to satisfy the high, medium tg fr-4 and non-halogen fr-4, semi-stabilized tablets and the corresponding commodity patches.
The company currently produces about 85 million square 90 million square metres of ccl, the Jiangxi project can increase public production by about one third and upgrade existing production capacity by 10% per year.
In conjunction with the market layout, the central region is being provided with near supply, near service and rapid response, saving transport costs, enhancing the company's regional advantages, optimizing the configuration of the company's product planning, production lines and production planning, and enhancing the company's overall competitiveness.
There are 21 priority pcb projects in the west, with a total investment of approximately $22.45 billion, mainly in the Xijiang, the state and the Gian, which alone will require about $20 billion in ccl to advance from the Jiangxi project to the environment and industry: the mainland pcb industry to the Jiangxi industry.
Migration, mainly due to environmental concerns, is now being regulated at a high rate in the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle, with expansion and new business opening up new space throughout the year, increasing the difficulty of business expansion through environmental evaluation, and accelerating environmental costs for small and medium-sized enterprises.
In addition, under conditions of steady growth in downstream demand, large-scale pcb plants have chosen to transfer additional production capacity to the central region.
The upward and downstream concentration of the pcb industrial chain has increased, the concentration of large-scale production has shown a trend towards closer cooperation between land-based producers and downstream companies, and the rate of domestic production of high-end products up and down has been increasing.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.