A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Profit expansion back on track; Asset quality a bright spot
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 22.80)
Up/Downside
+27.3%
After a sharp decline in 2Q20, PAB's earnings regained positive growth of
Current Price
YoY from -11.2% YoY in 1H20. Key results highlights are fast pick-up in retail
China Banking Sector
loans, improving asset quality, and robust fee income. We stay upbeat on PAB's
4Q20 outlook, given: 1) strong macro trend, thus waning policy intervention on
Terry Sun, CFA
banks' earnings; 2) continued recovery in consumption and retail credit; 3)
interbank rates will likely retreat on loose liquidity, easing NIM pressure; and 4)
above-peers provision coverage offers room to lower credit cost.
Stock Data
■ Results positives: 1) Loan growth was solid at 3.1% QoQ, mainly driven
by retail loans (+5.7% QoQ). In particular, new mortgage (+7.5% QoQ) and
auto loans (+10.4% QoQ) remained strong, and credit card resumed
expansion (+3.0% QoQ) from 1H20 contraction. Proportion of retail loans
increased to 58% of total loans as of 3Q20. 2) Asset quality improved
Shareholding Structure
notably. PAB accelerated NPL disposal in 3Q20. As a result, NPL ratio
dropped 33bp QoQ to 1.32%, and provision coverage further climbed to
3.4ppt QoQ to 218%. NPLs still covered 104% of >60day overdue loans,
indicating stringent loss recognition. 3) Net fee income was up 32.6% YoY,
likely on strong bank card and agency services fees. 4) Cost-income ratio
Share Performance
fell 1.4ppt YoY to 29% in 3Q20, suggesting better operating efficiency; 5)
Stable expansion in retail client base. Number of retail/ wealth/ private
banking client rose 1.9%/4.5%/8.2% QoQ. Retail AUM increased 7.2% QoQ
to RMB2.49tn.
Results negatives: 1) NIM declined 11bp QoQ to 2.48%. Loan yield slid
Source: Bloomberg
32bp QoQ, likely on write-off in retail loans past due and the Bank's more
12-mth Price Performance
prudent lending appetite. Lower deposit cost was partly offset by rising
interbank funding cost, as market rates rebounded in 3Q20. 2) Trading and
investment gain was down 72% YoY, likely due to bond yield hike in 3Q20.
3) Deposits rose 2.5% QoQ, slower than loan growth. LDR increased to
100.5%. 4) Capital position weakened, with 5bp/10bp QoQ decline in
Tier1/total CAR.
■ Maintain BUY and RMB22.8 TP. We keep earnings forecast unchanged,
and our TP of RMB22.8 is derived from 1.5x target P/B and FY20E BVPS of
Source: Bloomberg
RMB15.2.
Auditor: PwC
Earnings Summary
Related Reports
1. Bottom line disappoints but core
2. Solid earnings momentum; Asset
quality trend is key to watch - 21 Apr
3. Conference call takeaway - Business
4. Stable NIM and rising dividend payout
5. Long-term prospect stays intact
despite some NIM pressure – 22 Oct
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest
in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall
be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report.
Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and
analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or
views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated
Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This
report is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a
copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of
this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-
registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports
produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor,
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.