On August 29, 2024, Ocean River shares published their semi-annual report for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn 2-quarter performance pressure, with a red plan that highlights shareholders' goodwill in return, increases by 1 pct to 7.23%, and overall, net interest rates are equal to 2 pct to 2 pct.
The total annual cash share is no less than 70 per cent of the net profit of the mother in the same year and no less than RMB 7 billion, providing a secure margin for the division.
In 2024h1, the company collected $22,436 million (5 per cent increase) in sales of 1st, Ocean River Shares (002304); focus 700 million yuan (5 per cent increase), dream series kept growing, and companies increased their m3 crystals.
The marketing model shows that 2024h1 has increased the competition, and the company is actively promoting the reform of the provincial channel system around Shanghai/Zejiang.
The current pressure on the white wine market, the company's start of a reform cycle, the pace of adjustment, and the search for a break in the priority markets outside the province while the basics in the province are in place.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, lack of recovery of consumption scenes, less development of channels, less growth of the brands of the two ditches, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.