Traditional business is sound, medically attractive, and Chinese medicine (000963), three-quarterly review of 2022, October 26th, 2022.
Wei Hongmei Research Assistant: In the third quarter of 2022, the company performed as expected. On a quarterly basis, in the third quarter of 2022, the list of companies.
In the third quarter of the year, corporate revenue grew by 14.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis and net profit from non-repatriation increased by 11.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the public medicine industry (including the coso business), the pharmaceutical business, the medicine business, and the medical fairs generated revenue of $8.22 billion, $18.7 billion and $1.37 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 5.3 per cent, 9.8 per cent and 113.7 per cent, respectively.
For downstream international markets, the demand for nuclear-grade raw materials has declined, and the company’s production plants are expected to recover gradually in the last four quarters, owing to delays in delivery due to overseas certification. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company’s pharmaceutical business continued to grow steadily, while the beauty business performed well, with the US earning the highest amount of water in the same period.
Ping, doubles in growth. Single-medicated, adolescent girls make the largest contribution to the company’s healthcare and beauty business. In the first three quarters of 2022, the fully-owned subsidiary, Sinclair, in the United Kingdom, achieved a combined income of 95.37 million, an increase of 254.9 per cent; and in the same period, the fully-owned company was happy to learn and generate business income in the domestic market.
The research and development of the company is progressing well. (1) The projects focusing on innovative medicines, innovative medical devices, and biological analogues are progressing well.
Oncology is the world's first drug for positive folic acid receptors \alpha (fr\alpha) ovarian cancers, and its own immune area includes the reorganization of dipolymer integrated protein larcalyst (rilonacept) and the new development of hdm5001 (op-101) adaptive devices based on the recomposition of a new coronary disorder.
The field is developing the hd-np-102 (Renal Pulse Pulse Dynamic Monitoring System and mb102) project.
In terms of domestic medical products, companies are actively developing needle-type and energy-source equipment product lines, including injections such as transparent acids for facial filling, wire-laying for middle-face lifting, products for facial skin management, benign chromosomal pathologies for skin removal, body lipomorphosis,
In addition, companies are actively promoting applications for concessions for the silhouette, lalluma, or ellansé series of products in the international medical tourism pilot area of Hainan Bolai City.
Investment proposals: The firm’s pharmaceutical industry and pharmaceutical businesses are growing robustly, young girls’ needles are driving the rapid growth of medical and aesthetic operations, injecting and photovoltaic storage projects are combined, and medical and aesthetic operations become less than expected in the market for new products.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.