Q4 is expected to continue to grow.
The 2022h1 medical and beauty section together achieved operating income of 897 million yuan (excluding internal offset factors), increasing by 130.25 per cent over the same period by a comparable caliber (decending Toningbo, China) and reaching 4.93 per cent (+1.64 ptt).q3 remained on a high-speed trend, generating the best level of income in history.
The market has expanded well since the company's Eyanse product was listed domestically in August 2021, with over 500 co-operative hospitals signed up to 2022h1 and more than 900 trained and certified doctors. In addition, the company has introduced the cold-tone beauty machine from the US R2 company.
Gladyspa entered the Chinese market in March 2022. q4 as a medically attractive season, the flow of health-care institutions has recovered better during the holidays.
The pharmaceutical industry has achieved double-digit growth in both operating income and net non-repatriate profits in three quarters, through the consolidation of intra-hospital markets and the expansion of out-of-hospital markets to overcome unprofitable factors such as collection and price reduction of products.
Heidelbergpharma is the second-largest shareholder, and the wholly-owned subsidiary, Central China and the East China, has obtained a number of exclusive licences, exclusive options and preferential bargaining rights for its research products. Through the cooperation of Heidelbergpharma, the company will introduce a number of items.
Innovating products in adc, companies have further enriched the new product pipeline in the oncology field, and have diversified deep into the adc area. The country’s medical and beauty markets are characterized by a high and rapidly growing industry, rich in products, and constantly rising.
The company focuses on light medicine, with products such as boulic acid, bottox, photovoltaic equipment, etc., and the medically fine 2.0 pounds of young girl Pin Yeon-Yon-se, which is gradually released, followed by a large number of product tubes, with no sustainable growth momentum. The company is expected to grow in 2022-2024 ps, respectively.
1. China East Medicine Performance Review: Medical and beauty market openings are showing up, performance is up to date, company products are being developed at a slower pace than expected, medical equipment nmpa has been registered longer than expected, medical beauty is better than expected.
2. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has become more competitive and marketed less than expected. (000963.sz): Medico-American business has grown precipitously.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, or make any changes in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be receiving any form directly or indirectly as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.