ul urities Performance growth is in line with expectations, looking at four-quarter marginal improvements
The industrial plate has grown steadily over the throes, and the industrial micro-organisms have risen. Corporate gathering and epidemic pressures have been digested, production and operations have stabilized, industrial plates have been restored to positive growth, and q3 major products are expected to be marketed.
Both maintain growth, leading to a steady increase in corporate performance. The potential of the innovation tablets is being realized, and new products are expected to be marketed and driven by long-term corporate growth.
In the eye, Maggie's health, Meowa Highco, Xinda organisms are gradually becoming operational, and after the energy is released, the driver's performance continues.
The company’s latest photo-methodic instrument, “Cool Snow”, is officially 3. “Performance is right, industrial plates are steady - listing, enriching the company’s product matrix, and further driving up performance throughout the year.
The trend of rapid growth in the medical landscape is expected to be sustained with the approval of the new product Yeon Yeon-seok, the pharmaceutical industry and industry accelerating the transition - the three-quarterly review of the Washington Medicines.
The company’s priority product, Lila Lupe, is about to be marketed and commercialized, and is expected to be a central driver of growth in corporate performance; The Smégrouse II Diabetes Adaptive Clinical Trials have been approved. The company has been working on diabetes for years.
In the field of pharmaceuticals, there is a good branding effect and market base, and as new products are gradually marketed, one step will be taken to enrich the product layout in the field of endocrine treatment and the glp-1 target, which will help to improve the firm's core competitiveness.
We appreciate the sound development of the company ' s pharmaceutical industry and circulation, and the robust growth of its medical and aesthetic operations. The epidemic is expected to develop with uncertainty: product R & D is not as fast as expected: increased competition in product markets leads to net (8621) 60230221
nuanwei@aiza.com.cn