The growth in performance was in line with expectations, and the performance of the medical and American business was impressive.
Roughly 1.90 billion yuan, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter alone, the company achieved a revenue of 9.660 billion yuan, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period; net profit earned by mothers was 640 million yuan, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period; net profit earned by non-returned mothers was 630 million yuan, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period.
Industrial plates are gradually recovering, and industrial microorganisms are growing steadily. Corporate mining and outbreak pressures are gradually digesting, production operations are becoming more stable, generating $8.22 billion (+5%) in the first three quarters of the year, compared with the increase in the previous period. Several new varieties are expected to be marketed, driving long-term development. Industrial microbiology plates are subject to international market demand.
1. “Performance growth is in line with expectations, looking at the four-quarters margin for the impact of decline, a slight slowdown in the q3 growth rate, and a return in expected performance under the corporate diversification strategy layout 2. “Performance is in line with expectations, and medical and American operations are growing at a high rate -
In the first three quarters of 2022, the Medico-Americans achieved $1.37 billion in operating income (excavating internal offsets), the highest level ever, at comparable levels.
The growth rate was 114% over the same period. The subsidiary sinclair grew rapidly, the overseas cities - the China-East Medicine Review, 2022.7.1 the expansion and sales continue to improve, with $790 million (+80%) being collected in the previous three quarters.
“Performance meets expectations, industrial plates are gradually stabilizing - 140 million yuan (+255 per cent). The subsidiary, Eyeon Soo, has been leading a high-end market in the field of regenerative refilling of medicine in the country; achieved in the first three quarters.
5. “The new product Yeon Yeon-seok is above expectations, the pharmaceutical industry and industry are accelerating the transition — the three-quarterly review of medicine in China,” with $440 million in revenues, q4 is expected to continue its bright performance, with constant exposure.
The R & D support product matrix has been upgraded, and Lilalupi is now on the market. 870 million yuan (+21.5%) was spent on industrial research in the first three quarters of 2022: the priority product Lilalupi (diabetes adaptive) is about to be approved and is expected to further drive the growth of corporate performance; Smegrum II diabetes adaptive.
Clinical trials have been approved: new ovarian cancer drugs have been experimenting with cynics. Companies have worked for years in the field of endocrine, tumours, and their own immunization, have accumulated good branding effects and market bases, and as new products become marketed, they will further enrich the company’s product layout and contribute to further upgrading the company’s core competitiveness.
We look forward to the sound development of the company’s pharmaceutical industry and circulation, and the growth of its medical and aesthetic operations. There is uncertainty about the development of the epidemic in vuanwei@aiza.com.cn; the pace of product R & D has fallen short of expectations; and the net result of increased competition in the product market.
Interest rate downside risks: market spreads are not as high as expected risks, etc.