Rainer Technology (300442) Communications: steady growth in performance, aidc promising South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net return to the mother was 1.76 billion yuan, an increase of 47 per cent in the same year; the net profit to the non-mother was 1.71 billion yuan, an increase of 50.2 per cent in the same year; out of this, q4 achieved a return of 1.67 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase of 13.2 per cent in the same year and a rise of 67.3 per cent in the ring; the net profit to the mother was $640 million, an increase of 69.9 per cent in the same year and 53.5 per cent in the ring.
In 2023, the company collected $4.35 billion, an increase of 60.3 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1.76 billion, an increase of 43 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the Idc business base and aaidc business expansion.
To date, the company has been growing in Kyoto. To date, the company has been growing in Kyoto. The galleries, the long triangles, the Lake Ping, the Grand Bay, the Fuoshan and Huixiang economies, the Chongqing, Gansu, and Hainan.
The six regions of the country have completed seven clusters of smart-infrastructures for the country, basically completing the layout of the national “integrated computing centre system” framework, with a combined national plan of about 61 centres for intelligence and 320,000 machine cabinets. There has been a slight decline in profitability and a good control of cost sheets.
The data centre industry has a very promising future and is expected to develop further. The digital transformation, artificial intelligence technology drive, and the country’s data centre industry’s annual market revenue is nearly $200 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 30.69% over the last three years, the second largest in the world, and a large market space. The company insists on “self-investment, self-building, self-employment.”
The holding, self-carriage model, which is tied to the depth of the clients of downstream operators, has been deployed in the six core regions of the country and seven major computing nodes, and the framework of the National System of Integrated Arithmetic Centres has been largely completed and is expected to be further developed in the context of growing demand in the industry.
The company’s main business, including idc and Aidc, is a service provider for the country’s large third-party data centres. The company insists on smart numeracy and calculation.
Continuous, large-scale investment in areas such as power infrastructure, the digital economy, focusing on park-level, high-level, high-efficiency and high-performance, investment, construction, holding and operation of green integrated computing centres, gradually creating a good reputation and branding influence within the industry, and becoming the leading global solution service provider for integrated computing centres in the country.
The company has been working on the investment, construction, possession and operation of data centres since its establishment in 2009. The Yunzé International Information Port project was launched in 2010, and the company has been working on the construction and layout of the rich information port for more than a decade. By the end of 2023, the company was already in Kyoto.
In 2022, the company successfully reorganized its assets and entered the market to create a new business.
After that, the company strengthened its investment in data centre construction, increased project deployment of new resources, stock projects increased new energy consumption, and built up 220kv transformer stations, which injected strong dynamic energy into stable, safe, reliable, and green operations in parks and intelligence infrastructure clusters.
The country’s well-known strategic investors are Ning Bo Man, Ping Hsing Hsing and Hsing, Shanghai and China, and China’s gold-rich and Quantium-based shareholders, who are rich in equity.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structures and subsidiaries Focus on idc, aidc. The company’s main business is idc and aaidc.
Provides server hosting services while providing operating maintenance, security management, and other value-added services. At the operational level, the company is the chain leader of the Centre of Wisdom, a coalition of ecological partners, by pooling resources, technology, models, algorithms and data, and organizing a complete industrial ecology from an infrastructure of wisdom to a platform of wisdom, and then an overall solution of the Centre of Wisdom.
Management has accumulated a wealth of knowledge and experience in business management. The Chairman of the Board, Mr. Zhou, the Managing Director, Mr. Li Xiao, the Deputy Managing Director, and many other members of the Board of Directors have had extensive business experience and relevant academic background, ensuring that the company develops, develops and manages its own business.
Innovative capabilities. While most members of management have extensive experience in business management in the field of communications, the new Secretary of the Board of Directors, Shen Jingxuan, the Head of Finance, has a great deal of experience in corporate financial management and investment in recent years, which has helped to improve the efficiency of corporate management. On the operational side, the Arithmetic Centre, delivered before 2023, has steadily increased its occupancy rate, surpassing that of mature computing centre cabinets.
90 per cent; at the same time, the company speeded up the national idc delivery process by delivering five new arithmetic centres, adding about 30,000 new arks, contributing three each from the Long Triangle and the Grand Bay Park, and cumulatively delivering 13 arithmetic by the end of the year. The total number of arks was approximately 76,000, representing an increase of 65.2 per cent from the end of 2022, officially receiving contributions from one park to multiple parks.
On the one hand, the company has taken the lead in deploying large-scale computing modules in the Kyunjin Park and Long Triangle Parks, which are expected to increase further. The billion yuan has grown to 1.76 billion yuan, growing steadily for five consecutive years, with an annual compound growth rate of 93.13%.
In the performance forecast, and in 2023, 1.74 - 1.84 billion yuan in non-net profit was realized, resulting in a decrease of 1.71 billion yuan in non-net profit, or 30.8 per cent, mainly due to increased corporate cost control, reduced costs such as business hospitality, and correspondingly reduced sales costs to 0.1 per cent; administrative costs amounted to $170 million, an increase of 38.7 per cent over the same period, an increase in the number of employees in major departments and a corresponding increase in staff salaries and fees
With the increase, the financial costs amounted to $8.3469,000, a 49.4 per cent increase over the same period, mainly due to the consolidation of construction work in progress, the corresponding interest rates began to be expensed, but the impact of the large increase in combined revenue fell to 3.9 per cent/2.9 per cent, respectively.
The Centre, based on cutting-edge technologies such as robotics and i-intellectual management systems, in early 2021, in collaboration with strategic partners, completed a number of research projects related to liquid cold technologies in 2023, delivered the country's first-ever pure liquid.
Assumption 1: 100% of the company’s revenue, after asset restructuring, comes from idc operations, with the direct client being China Telecom and China connected. The traditional idc business income depends on the number of operating cabinets, the build-up rate, and the renting of single cabinets.
Assumption 2: As a result of the surge in the demand for aricc, demand for aridc has grown significantly. With the company’s new, liquid-cold-related business since 2023, it is expected to grow in the second extreme in the future. We expect a strong backlash from the demand for training in ai.
Policy advances are less than expected, industry competition increases, project delivery falls short of expectations, performance commitments may fall short of targets, and Noone will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.