First overlay: aidc Second Growth Curve Drives Public Sector Rapid Growth Rangeintelligent Computing
"Technologygroup rapping: "outperform linyang"
• Senior industry player for idc+aidc. The company was established in 2009 and its main business includes idc and aidc operations. idc Operations: the company works with basic telecommunications operators, mainly in wholesale mode, with liangsong
It also provides server hosting services to end-users such as head Internet companies, large cloud companies, and other value-added services for operating maintenance, security management and other services.
A whole industry, from intelligence-based infrastructure to intelligence-based platforms, to an overall solution at the IQC. Ecology, high-quality output high-performance computing capabilities and large-scale parallel processing capabilities, with a significant increase in income and net profit for the terminal modeler. In 2023, the company collected about 4,351 million yuan in RMB, which is a year-on-year increase.
The rapid development of ai technology drives rapid growth in the demand for smart numeracy, and IAC has become an important new base facility. At the same time, the challenge of radiating heat from ai’s need for sophisticated numeracy, as well as the high rate of growth in the demand for ICF under the “doubt carbon” policy, are strongly controlled.
The company’s development strategy, which began in 2009 with the anchoring of the park-level computing centre, has now been set up in the country’s six core regions, with seven major computing nodes covering 1 130,000 ark park and 1 50,000 ark park.
In 4 locations, 30,000 hangars and 1 campus, including 14,000 garden centres, the campus has become one of the largest campus centres in the country, with significant advantages in size and location. The company benefits from the application of liquid cold solutions and the i artificial intelligence outbreak, which has led to a rapid increase in the demand for intelligence.
The new Aidc operation has expanded well and the revenue base has been growing. Currently, in the six core areas of Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Area, the Chenglong Economy Circle, Gansu, Hainan Port of Trade, seven intelligent computing infrastructure clusters have been planned and have accumulated 61 centres of intelligence and about 320,000 hangars.
In 2024, the company will speed up the construction of the 2nd phase of the new IQC project, which will bring together more than 100,000 calories for a single IQC project with high complexity and high computing needs.
The outlook for the year aidc is optimistic.