It's obvious that performance is higher than expected, and it looks forward to the continued release of productive capacity.
The company's performance is expected to rise to a new level in 2025 and 2026, with several projects coming into production. As a domestic LHC, the Division is based on the c2 (downstream ethylene) \c3 (downstream acrylicene) industrial chain, developing high-value-added products and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Some of the product price differentials have been repaired, with a thick q4 profit increase: the company q4 seasons have seen an increase in both corporate revenues and profits relative to the ring, mainly due to higher prices and price differential repairs. The company c2/c3 industry has been able to recover from the price of the main product chain, with an average price of $8,549 per ton (Yoy+6%, qoq+4%).
The average price of ethylene oxide is 8437 yuan/ton (yoy+29%, qoq+1%), the average price of styrene is 8846 yuan/ton (yoy+4%, qoq-6%), the average price of ethyl diol is 4717 (yoy+15%, qoq+2%). c3 chain of industry (yoy-2%, qoq-1%).c2/c3 chain product - raw material price difference increased overall, company profits increased
In addition, the non-recurring gains and losses of q4 seasons are significant, and we expect to be mainly the result of changes in corporate leasing of silver (catalyst raw materials) and forward foreign exchange valuation gains and losses. Since 2025, most of the company ' s products have been priced evenly, acrylic acids and downstream products are expected to have higher prices and are expected to produce c3 products.
The profits of the chain will be enhanced, and new productive capacity will contribute to the performance, and production capacity will continue to release guaranteed growth: q4 new materials from the Lake Pilk Base will fully contribute to the performance of the new energy integration project, which was launched in July 2024, including 90
Ten thousand pdh, 800,000 tons of BJ, 80,000 tons of new equinox and accompanying devices. After the establishment of the flat lake base project, the company forms an industrial chain of acrylic-acrylic acid-acrylic acid (ABS) that is closed, makes the core material self-supporting, lowers production costs and increases corporate profits.
Energy intensive release period and continued extension of the industrial chain: the company, as a domestic LGC crack-head, based on its own c2/c3 industry, continues to expand into new value-added material products downstream and plans for several ongoing projects. The 200,000 tonnes of Acid per year project will be completed in 2025; and the year of joint venture with Sk
The 40,000-ton eaa project is expected to start in 2025. In addition, the company invested $25.7 billion in the construction of the \alpha-II phase, which will further increase the value added of the company’s c2 chain. For raw materials, the company has its own ethane transport pipeline and docks in the United States and has a dedicated ethane transport fleet.
There are currently 14 vlec ships, which have an advantage in the supply of raw materials. The company has also ordered 14 ethylene transport vessels, which are expected to be delivered in early 2026.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not personal clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.