Satellite chemistry, 4-quarter net return to the mother, a record high, c3 industrial competitiveness, a strong advantage of light hydrocarbon routes, 4-quarter return net return to the mother, a record high. Company raw materials, 2024.
Prices have been relatively stable, with the average annual purchase price of ACs at $3519.53/t in the second half of the year, with the ring being the result of higher prices for products such as acrylic acid and the release of additional capacity such as polycarbonol in the fourth quarter.
High-quality products and internationalization of market structures. Corporate chemicals and new materials were sold in 2024 at 7.3527 million tons, an increase of 15.83 per cent over the same period. By section, clients in different regions of the country have established cooperative relationships, receiving $5.53 billion abroad, compared with +19.351 per cent.
The ratio is 12.16%, compared to 7.60pc. Business performance is expected to continue to improve as the share of high-value-added products accelerates and the growth of overseas markets.
Tons of polycarbons project has been successful in a single drive to form an industrial chain closed with acrylic acid, and the market advantage of the acrylic and ester production industries has been consolidated. At the same time, the company has accelerated the construction of new acrylic production capacity at the Lake Pixen base and Kacing base, with the c3 industry chain extending from upstream to downstream high-end products.c In addition, c
New products such as the functional monomer, battery electropolymers, ink monomer, label glue, high-purity electron level Dioxywater, high-purity organic pigment intermediates, etc. have successfully entered the market and have enhanced their integration advantages. As the industrial chain is upgraded and optimized, the efficiency of company operations is expected to increase further in the future.
The advantages of a company ' s integrated industry chain of light hydrocarbons have been prominent, with slightly higher business performance in 2024, readjustment of profits High fluctuations in foreign gas prices, large downswings in the economy, policy risks leading to production constraints or needs and less than expected progress in the implementation of ongoing projects.
Satellite Chemistry 20240408 Satellite Chemistry 20230723 Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Basic chemicals: chemical raw materials