Other chemical materials. Satellite chemistry (002648.sz)
New production enhances the benefits of industrial chain integration, with continuous additions to research and development inputs 27 March 2025.
High molecular materials and new energy materials generated revenues of 217.07, 119.87, 841 million yuan, with an increase of 4.78 pct and 5.49 pct in the same ratio as high molecular materials, respectively, mainly the highest/minimum value of corporate products in the year of adoption:
In 2024, the company's overall sales rate and net interest rate was Māori a/total equity (billions): differentiated development increases in profitability.
New production capacity has been steadily released, strong chain-relaying chains have been achieved, and the benefits of industrial chain integration have been enhanced. (1) The epoxy downstream chemical layout has been further refined, with companies investing 100,000 tonnes of ethanol per year in 2024 Basic data: 31 December 2024
Ammonium devices, a matrix for the development of epoxy-ethane derivatives, resulting in 1.82 million tons of ethanol, 500,000 tons of polyether, 200,000 tons of ethanolamine, 150,000 tons of carbonate, etc., producing capacity, taking advantage of industrial chain integration and product chain diversification. (2) Acrylic acid and ester industry chain core competitiveness is further enhanced.
Upgraded, in July 2024, the annual production of 800,000 tons of polycarbons was successfully driven in a single drive, which resulted in a virtual closure of the entire industrial chain of acrylic acid and ester up and down, further consolidating the company's acrylic acid industry, which has continued to increase its research and development investment to break through the new materials technology of “crack necks” in 2024.
Some of the R & D results have met the conditions for industrial transformation, and current technological bottlenecks have broken out to address the current high-end dependence on imports of new materials.
The Centre began construction in May 2024 and plans to invest $10 billion over five years in research and development to increase talent mobilization and focus on such key strategic materials as catalysts, new energy materials, new high-molecular materials, functional chemicals, etc.
The company's α-FOA project is expected to enrich the product matrix and replace the import of high-end polyolefin materials in one phase.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.