On the evening of 24 March, satellite chemistry released its 2024 report, and companies achieved business income of $13.373 billion in the first quarter of 2024q4, an increase of 26.10 per cent over the same period.
• Four quarters of negative growth, with year-round performance up 2024, with firm performance continuing to increase significantly over year-on-year, and continuous certification of business robustness. Business plates, broken down, contributed $4.417 billion over the year in functional chemicals/high molecular materials/new energy materials
4202 million yuan / 187 million yuan, Māori ratio + 478 pct/+5.49 pct/-14.54 pct. Combined down-stream warming of 2024q4 offsets the rise in raw materials. 4th quarter, US gas and ethane prices - satellite chemistry
Product warming offsets the effects, and company performance has risen in reverse. Four quarters of Acid is influenced by supply end-of-life repairs, with a quarterly average price increase of $441 per ton, and ethanol is warming up on a seasonal basis, and the company has benefited from the full price increase.
The trend of oversupply of natural gas remains unchanged, with improved supply and demand for products such as ethanol and guaranteed performance. The company completed several projects during the reporting period.
Construction and commissioning, resulting in a strengthening of the industrial chain: the company invested in the construction of 100,000 tons of ethanolamine per year and further refined the layout of the downstream chemicals of ethylene oxide; the annual production of 800,000 tons of polycarbons was achieved in July 2024.
Hydrogen is a feedstock, and acetylate and acetylate are used to produce acetylate and acetylate as a reaction by esters, which actually result in a complete industrial chain of acetylate and esters going up and down. With regard to the new project, the company is taking steps to accelerate the construction of new acetyl acid production capacity at the flat lake base and the Kagsing base for high-sorting water-sorting resins.
1. With a significant increase in single-quarter performance loops, the BJP project will invest $10 billion in research and development to speed up the pace of first-class new material platform-type enterprises.
During the reporting period, corporate research and development of metal organic material catalysts, low-amino-pyrimide catalysts, concentration of second-quarter profitable ring increases, ethylene elastics, high-end polyethylene, polypropyl acid resins, customised high-water absorbent resins, etc.
The result was industrial transformation conditions, technological bottlenecks were broken, the current high-end new materials were highly profitable, the α-vinyl hydrocarbons project accelerated, the import-dependent status quo and the market pre-empted. At the same time, during the reporting period, the company ' s future R & D
The Centre began construction in May 2024, and will invest 10 billion yuan in research and development in recent years to attract high-level talent from both within and outside the country to build a global platform for innovation in the development of “1+n” new chemical materials. Satelliteization is an innovation-led development that takes advantage of the entire chain of supply around areas of national interest.
Focus on key strategic materials such as catalysts, new energy materials, new high molecular materials, functional chemicals and cutting-edge new materials. Market extension, acrylic monomer, battery electropolymers, ink monomer, label glue, high-purity electron level, high purity.
New products, such as paint intermediates, are well on the market. α-vinyl hydrocarbons are being built using high-end new materials estates, with a phase of production expected in 2026, and the semi-annual 2024 report shows that the company α-vinyl hydrocarbons integrated with high-end new materials estates project is well under way.
Construction, with a total planned investment of approximately $26.6 billion, the company will extend 1.7 million tons of high-end polyolefins (magnesium polyethylene) to downstream layout using autonomously developed high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons technology, which will double ethylene equivalent production at the time of the company ' s ethylene bombs.
It is proposed to enter into a ten-way agreement with the company under the ps flag for six ulec raw material transport vessels to build and provide company transportation services for ethane raw materials for approximately 15 years, and the ship is expected to be delivered in 2027.
Negotiation of a ten-year lease agreement for six Vlec raw materials transport vessels, for a total rent of $1.7 billion over 15 years, expected to be delivered in 2026.
(b) Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.