Satellite chemistry (002648): Capable of producing land-based aids - advantages, high-end new materials providing a wide range of growth, maintaining a high-quality, differentiated development.
The prices of products such as ethanol have risen out of the low and the Māori rate has risen well in the same year; 2) in the case of new high molecular materials, innovation has pushed up new high-molecular materials steadily, with business earnings exceeding $10 billion and Māori rates rising again by 5.49 ptt in the same year; 3) in the case of new energy sources, business earnings have grown rapidly by 80.77 per cent in the same year; and (4) in the case of hydrogen gas for official external sales.
At the same time, some of the company's installations have led to the development of “new processes for older products,” such as ethylene ethylene, which is an efficient catalyst for the green low-energy ethanol process, with a reduced cost of ethanol per tonne and a year-long efficiency gain of more than billions of dollars. The steady release of energy has enhanced the advantages of industrial chain integration. In 2024, the company's annual production of 800,000 tons of polycarbons was driven once.
Merit, downstream high-value utilization of acrylic acid and esters, resulting in a genuinely complete closure of the industrial chain up and down, and further influence of the firm acrylic acid industry in the market; investment in the construction of an annual 100,000-ton ethanolamine device to further improve the layout of ethylene ethylene ethylene downstream chemicals; actual production of ethanolamine and polyether monomer in the first and second places in the country, respectively, in the second place.
Over 20 per cent, while the export of ethanol ammonium was the highest in the country, increasing market influence through ongoing industrial chain integration and product chain diversification.
Continued competitive advantage; operations c3 were significantly repaired at 2024q4 with acrylic acid-propylene/acrylate-propylene-propylene and methanol/propylene; and company precision, in response to the growing high-end demand in the downstream market, continued to accelerate the integration of α-vinyl hydrocarbons with high-end new material gardening projects, the layout of which broke through the technical challenge of “cryx”, high-end polycylene, poe, etc.
The market is large and has good economic benefits, which are expected to provide a vast growth space for the company. Profit forecasting and valuation: keeping in mind the price differentials between the company ' s c2 and c3 products and the gradual landing of the new materials project.
New results, performance growth, still new space - public - growth - satellite chemistry - quarterly reports and industry, upgrading the industrial chain to expand space -
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.