The company recently issued a performance announcement for 2023 and achieved a net return of around the year during the reporting period.
On the basis of a net return of $497 million to the mother in the first three quarters of 23 years, the company achieved > > > August 2022. The company completed a major asset restructuring, with Rainbow Bridge Airport, Airport Logistics becoming a fully-owned subsidiary of listed companies and included in the consolidated statements.
In 2023, China returned 620 million passengers to air traffic, and in 2019 the number of domestic and international passengers at Pudong Airport fell by 28.5: in 23 years, it returned to around 72% in 19: in 23 years it returned to 85% in 19 years.
The semi-annual non-air revenue report shows that non-air revenue of 2,962 million, or 61 per cent, exceeds 39 per cent of the airline business and has become the company’s main income.
This will integrate tax-exempt operations at the airport in Kyoto 4 with tax-exempt operations online.
The tax-exempt supplementary agreement, disclosed in December 23, adopted a “base and sale model, taking high.” The contractually calculated flow is 80 per cent of the March passenger flow of 23 years q. We believe that with the expansion of international routes and the slow recovery of domestic mobility chains, the company’s tax-exempt elasticity ratio could be restored.
The gradual recovery of airport passenger traffic will lead to a steady increase in the airport’s conventional rent and aviation revenues. The convergence of companies with tax-free licence plates is expected to provide room for tax-free business elasticity, and we continue to maintain an “increase” rating.
The pace of recovery of international routes has been lower than expected, and the tax-free agreement has been readjusted, among other things.
On the 17th floor of the State Launching Building, 500 southeast of Shanghai Park Road, Shenzhen City is reporting to Wenbo Center, 19th floor, East Road and Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, Guangzhou City, 102nd floor.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute purchases of the said securities.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.