Zhao Xudong lost a profit in 2023, tax-free performance elastic release period, civil aviation sustained a recovery in 2023, industry’s long-term climate cycle started, and the company acted as a long triangle area.
In 2024, the recovery of international routes will remain the main course, with policies like waivers driving international passenger flows to continue to grow and companies’ tax-exempt operations to be expected. We believe that corporate gains will gradually recover, and stock prices are expected to “buy-in” ratings out of the bottom zone.
The year 2023 saw a steady recovery in passenger traffic and corporate performance was reversed: the company was an international aviation hub in the Long Triangle region, benefiting fully from the recovery of civil aviation from the current round, with Pudong Airport building up 43.39 million flights throughout the year in 2023, with cumulative passenger throughput amounting to 0.54 million, returning to the same period in 2019.
84.77 per cent, 71.54 per cent. Thanks to a sustained recovery in passenger traffic, the company achieved gross operating income in 2023. Policies driven by the ongoing rehabilitation of international shipping routes, the company’s international passenger flow is expected to grow. In 2023, the domestic airline traffic at Pudong Airport was above pre-epidemiological levels, but the international airline took off and the passenger traffic resumed only.
In the same period in 2019, 53.5%, 38.6%, the recovery of the international line was largely influenced by the negotiation of air rights, visas, etc. The US Department of Transportation announced recently that China Airlines’ Chinese-American direct flights would increase from 35 to 50 flights per week on 31 March, and that this would be Chinese-American flights in 2024.
An important step towards normalization, we believe that the resumption of international flights between China and the United States is entering an accelerated period. Moreover, China has further experimented with unilateral waivers for six countries — Switzerland, Ireland, Hungary, etc. — bringing the number of unilateral waivers to 12, while the total number of visa waivers with China has reached 23.
We believe that the recovery of the Central American route and the expansion of the free-rider range will boost the demand for the international route, while corporate investors account for the share in circulationa, which is the international air hub in the Long Triangle region, with international passenger flows expected to grow and corporate air services received.
The return of international passenger flows will boost the growth of corporate tax-free business. Tax-free business is important for corporate revenue.
In addition, in April 2023, the company successfully acquired 32% of the un-campion shares and 12.48% of the daily interconnection shares, further building the “airport + tax exemption”
On balance, the company’s airport duty-free operations are well configured, and as international passenger flows recover, we expect the company’s tax-free elasticity to be released in 2024. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: benefiting from the recovery of air travel, a steady return to business.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.