Mid 2023: Performance launch in the second quarter, successful internationalization on 04/09/2023
Research Assistant Wedzje Keyword: #performance meets expectations #export orientation # economies of scale Events: corporate disclosure of semi-annual report 2023, performance in line with market expectations.
In the second quarter, performance began and internationalization was effective. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved business income of 39.9 billion yuan, a 0.3 per cent decline in the same year, a net profit of 3.4 billion yuan to the mother, a 29 per cent increase in the same year, a profit greater than the increase in the volume of sales in the industry, a share increase and an optimal product structure.
In the second quarter alone, the company achieved $21.9 billion in revenue, an increase of 11 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit of $1.9 billion, an increase of 81 per cent in the same year. In the second quarter, the company ' s revenues and profits were restored to positive growth, and, given the lower performance base in the second half of the year, the second quarter is expected to open up performance. In the second quarter, concrete and crane machinery were restored to positive growth.
The share of digs and diggers in the country rose by more than five points, with the largest share in the country, with sales nearly doubled in the first half of the year. (2) Concrete machines generated $8.4 billion, a 0.5 per cent increase in the same year, with domestic revenues of $3.9 billion, an 11 per cent decline in the same year, and overseas revenues of $4.5 billion, a 14 per cent increase in the same year. (3) cranes generated $7.4 billion, a 14 per cent increase in the same year.
Euro-American high-end market expansion was successful, and the long-term prospects for internationalization were considerable: 22.5 billion yuan in corporate revenues abroad in the first half of 2023, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year, and 58 per cent in overseas market revenues for the first time. Exports of company major products grew in the first half of the year: 32 per cent in excavators and concrete.
Machines grew by 14 per cent over the same year, cranes by 58 per cent over the same year, and road machines by 61 per cent over the same year. Euro-American high-end markets sold $23.6 billion, with a global share of only 7 per cent of triple-time jobs, well below the domestic share, overseas markets — structural optimization + efficiency gains, and rising profitability continued.
Increase by 3.4 pct; overseas Māori rate by 31.0%; same-year rise by 6.6 pct; overseas market expansion leading to higher profit rates; sales net interest rate by 8.9%; higher net interest rate by 2.0 pct; higher net interest rate by 2.0 pcc; higher interest rate by 15.5% for the company ' s main products in the first half of the year; lower cost by 0.4 pct for the company.
In the context of falling prices, we expect a sustained trend towards higher corporate profitability. The launch of the new employee-equity scheme highlights confidence in development.
The plan covers senior directors and core staff, and does not exceed the quarterly rating: performance is better than market expectations.
Of the 7131, or 27 per cent, of the current workforce, 4 per cent were awarded by senior directors and 4 per cent by the remaining core staff, 96 per cent were awarded, with a wide range of incentives, and staff interests were tied to the depth of corporate growth, laying the foundation for the long-term development of the company.
At the revenue end, the company achieved total operating income of $39.9 billion in the first half of 2023, a decline of 0.3 per cent in the same year; single q2 earned $21.9 billion, an increase of 11 per cent, an increase in the ring 22 per cent, a strong rebound in a context of industry depression, largely as a result of overseas markets and electric products.
The net profit of the mother is now 1.9 billion yuan, an 81% increase in the same year, a 25% rise in the ring, a much higher net profit than at the end of the income line, mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate due to changes in product and marketing structure. Concrete machines, cranes, have all returned to positive growth, with strong growth in the overseas earnings of major products.
One billion yuan, a 9 per cent decline in the same year, with domestic revenues of 5.2 billion yuan, a 43 per cent decline in the same year, close to the 44 per cent drop in sales in the industry, with overseas revenues of 10 billion yuan, a 32 per cent increase in the same year, significantly higher than the 11 per cent increase in the industry. (2) Concrete machinery achieved revenue of 8.4 billion yuan, a 0.5 per cent increase in the same year, with domestic revenues of 3.9 billion yuan, an 11 per cent decline in the same year, and overseas revenues of 4.5 billion.
A 14% rise in the same year, and performance is better than industry. (3) The crane has generated $7.4 billion, of which $3.6 billion is in the country, a 24% decline in the same year, $3.8 billion in overseas revenues, a 58% increase in the same year. 2. Euro-American high-end markets have expanded well, and prospects for internationalization are considerable in the long term.
16.2 billion yuan, a 27% decline in the same year; 22.5 billion yuan, a 36% increase in the same year, is the first time that overseas market revenues outperformed domestic revenues, accounting for 58% of GDP, contributing mainly to the performance. For the export subregion, Asia and Australia remain the largest market, with Europe and the United States growing more rapidly than the industry.
3. Structural optimization + reduction of efficiency gains and a continuing trend towards increased profitability Recreation of profitability, mainly due to structural changes in one product and increases in the sale of some of the products; 2 high Māori overseas market revenues
In the second half of 2023, the recovery logic of the above-mentioned Māori ratio continued, looking at higher corporate profitability. The Māori ratio of excavators, cranes, and cranes increased significantly, and the trend towards large excavators and electricization of products became apparent.
In addition to the annual decline of 4.1 pcct in the same year in company machinery, there has been an increase in the Māori rate for all major product groups, with the ratio of excavators/concrete machines/heavy machines/road machines reaching 34/22/25/29 per cent, respectively, and the same increase in the evolution of the development to raise the Māori rate of cranes. The trend of large excavators, and the electrodynamicization of products, is clear, and the structure is expected to be further optimized.
The Māori rate for overseas operations has increased steadily and has become more profitable. It has benefited from increased sales abroad, improved product structure, and a steady increase in interest rates for corporate home operations abroad, with a Māori rate of 31 per cent, 7 pct higher than the national rate of 24 per cent, and more profitable overseas.
4. Launching a new round of employee holding schemes to show confidence in development, buying shares, which totals no more than 1% of the company’s current stock holdings. The plan covers senior directors and core staff, totalling no more than 7,131, or 27% of the current workforce, of which 4% are awarded by senior directors and the remaining core staff.
Ninety-six per cent of the incentives are wide-ranging, with employee interests tied to the depth of corporate growth, laying a good foundation for long-term corporate development. Geopolitical conflicts, increased industrial competition, inadequate infrastructure, volatile raw materials prices, etc.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.