Mid 2025: The statement is kept clean, with attention paid to marketing.  Short-term increase in stock, promotion, sales continuity and depth adjustment.
Continued pressure, accelerated growth of stock competition patterns, increased concentration and fragmentation of industries, company-driven business rhythm in the current environment, policy orientation towards dominant products, priority markets, increased inventory and marketing, short-term continuity and depth adjustments, light-loading attention to the follow-on camps
In terms of products, the ratio of high-quality alcohol in 25h1 to the corresponding ratio of 36.52%, -27.24%, the dominant products such as Dream 6+, Sea Blue, etc. are priced fairly, and the seventh-generation blue (three years or more + five years of tasting) + high-line light bottle (one hundred percent of the main wine for three years)
By region, the share of income in the 25h1 province is equal to 25.79% and 42.68%, with a net increase of 11 to 3010 and a net decrease of 268 to 5599 out of the province ' s distributions, which is more marked by the high level of growth that has continued in the past few years.
At the moment, we are maintaining a national game of chess, focusing on Jiangsu markets and highland markets, promoting the growth of large-scale businesses, reinforcing the end state, deep-dwelling and sinking of towns and cities, and keeping the channel base closed.
The rate of Māori 25q2 is the same as in the Ocean River Shares (002.04): 2024 and the one-quarter review in 2025: continuation of the active adjustment.
In the short term, the industry is still in the adjustment phase, and the ocean is now stable with the seventh generation of sea blue, high-light bottled wine.
In the medium-to-long term, the river plans 2024 to reduce the pressure and reshuffle it. The total annual cash share of 2026 is no less than the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company in the same year.
70% of the RMB 7 billion (including taxes), which corresponds to the current rate of dynamic dividends, which is fast-discharged, light-loaded in the white industry, and the seventh generation of blue/high-light light bottles in the sea, which are actively undergoing business change, with a rate of 6.7% for three dynamic dividends and a combination of current positions.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Ocean River shares East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.