On August 18, 2025, the Ocean River Shares published their semi-annual report for the year 2025, the company connss@cfsc.com.cn
Māori rates are relatively strong, and repayments continue to be pressured 4 pct to 11.40% increase in management costs, mainly due to fixed costs such as employee pay, contraction of the scale effect of the decline in income, combined with net gains
The price of the liquor sub-prices is shown in the company's high-end liquor collection of 2025h1.
126.72 billion yuan (or 37 per cent less), mainly in the form of tight policy-driven spending by political and commercial agents, with a general alcohol charge of 1,841 million yuan (or 27 per cent less), and mainly in the form of firm-run controls over products such as Sea Sky. Subregionally, 2025h1 companies.
Quality, Spring Festival Progress 2024-3. Ocean River Shares (002304). Focus seven dimensions, Deep National Four Steps 2024-
Now, the white wine market is under pressure, the company is entering a deep phase of reform, and it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected recovery of consumption scenes, less than expected opening of channels, less effective reforms, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, eight years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
It reflects my research. I've never been, never been, nor will I be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.