In the current reporting period, the company achieved an operating income of 69.81 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.7 per cent over the same period.
The small decrease in operating income was mainly due to the same decline in the liquidation income achieved by the company in the first half of the year, which was 5.836,000 square metres, a 10.8 per cent decrease in the same period; the $6.65.2 billion, a 9.6 per cent decrease in the same period, in the settlement income; and the significant increase in net profits due to the financial boom in the East.
The company achieved 18,685,000 square metres of sales in the first half of the year, with 27,71.8 \triangleright ranked Shanghai, South, Beijing, Middle West, and overseas, with higher sales in Shanghai and Beijing in the first half of the year.
The company’s reasonable regional layout makes its performance more robust than that of most housing companies, worthy of the industry’s leadership. The stronger of the strong will be more pronounced, and the company’s market share will rise further in the future.
In the first half of the year, the group acquired 79 new projects with a total planned construction area of 15,598,000 square metres.
\triangleright construction area, 64.7% of which is acquired through cooperative means. As company sales increase, future stock replenishment pressure is still very high. From the regional layout, 77.5% of the company’s new land reserves (by surface) are located in the deep and Shanghai region.
Second-line cities have also strengthened the layout of some of the priority three cities, such as Fushan, Dong-hoon, where the company entered Harbin, Shijiang, and Lanzhou in the first half of the year, to some extent reflecting the company’s intention to sink. On the other hand, companies continue to explore diversified land acquisition models, obtaining low-cost land reserves through mergers and acquisitions, and receiving average land prices in the first half of the year.
This is a decline of 0.36 per cent over the same period. In particular, in July of this year, the company competed for 55.1 billion yuan in a high-quality housing asset package, with a core of 16 high-quality land in the city of Guangzhou, with an equity counterpart of 2.11 million square metres, and access to this asset package has significantly increased the company’s high-quality earth storage in Guangzhou.
The strategic orientation of “city-backed service providers” is being implemented. Building on the foundation of the scale of field operations, there is also an active expansion of commercial property, logistics property, ski operations, long-term rental apartments, and old-age businesses.
In 2014, companies marched into logistics property and, as of the reporting date, cumulatively acquired 32 projects with a rental property space of 2.56 million square metres. Of particular concern is the company ' s association with other agencies to acquire global logistics property, Pros, at a cost of 79 billion yuan, and become its first shareholder, which is expected to become the largest private equity acquisition in Asian history.
With nearly 60% of the city, we believe that once the acquisition has been completed, the company will complement and synergize with Pros, and that it will hopefully become China’s largest logistics real estate provider, and that this acquisition is an important asset for the company’s logistics real estate. In the case of long-lease apartments, by the end of the reporting period, the long-lease apartment brand “place” had covered 21 first-line and second-line cities, with cumulative gains.
There are more than 70,000 rooms, more than 20,000 in aggregate, an average rental rate of about 87% for projects that have been in operation for more than six months, and a total of more than 100,000 rooms expected to be taken in 2017. The current intensive central-local policy supports the development of the housing rental market, and the company is expected to grow into a detailed business leader in the area of long-rented apartments in the future.
The stock-holding ratio reached 29.38% on June 10, after the Great Iron Group was given over, and became the company's first shareholder. More than 25.4% of the stock-holdings of the 2nd shareholder, with 6.73% of the stock-holdings, Huanko officially became a “state-owned” home company, and the stock-holdings managed to achieve phased results.
Land will have a “strength-and-power” effect on high-level corporate development capacity, and the “orbit-plus-property” model is expected to arrive in the near future, and companies are expected to benefit significantly from the rapid development of orbitally-covered property premiums in Shenzhen and even in the countries where it is in orbit, thus creating a huge competition.
The company has been experimenting with a business partnership system since 2014, including stockholding schemes, project \triangleright, and event partnerships. Innovative incentives have kept the interests of the team and shareholders tightly tied, even in the market.
During this period of competition, corporate profitability levels can still show a fast-growing trend.
The company's sales data for the first half of 2017 undoubtedly confirm the company's industry leadership, but also justify the company's business thinking in terms of urban layout, overseas investment, and diversification of business. We appreciate the company's innovations and transformations based on real estate.
Businesses, through industry chain extension and value-seeking, have achieved a great deal in areas such as commercial property, logistics property, and property management. We believe that there is still room for further substantial improvement in the profitability of companies, under the umbrella of an efficient corporate governance system, with the help of deep-share groups and self-empowerment.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheong Gang Industry Awards.
Dr. Leung Xiaocui. Joined East Hing Securities in 2015 to study real estate, focusing on the transformation of the real estate sector and real estate finance.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.