q3 Loss loops are narrow, looking at the company’s business growth \triangleright cost controls are good and profit margins improve.
The cost-control capability continues to optimize.
The following company is based on i-topconultra technology.
The Gibino Trina Light-to-Eight N series will be fully upgraded, with large-scale components expected to break 740w by leaps. The company has been farming topcon for many years, leading the product efficiency industry in the context of supply-side reform.
Under this, we believe that the following industry's backward production capacity is expected to accelerate the clean-up process, that the efficient component product market in the Kingdom of Japan is steadily moving up, and that the overseas market continues to break down.
According to the company’s public, the company’s storage capacity business has been continuously evaluated since September: the output of its components has kept the industry ahead, the storage capacity has been steady, with a high growth of more than 50%, and the high rate of growth of its storage capacity has underpinned the company’s medium- and long-term performance.
One quarter of the year, 025: steady upwards in volume, calcium layout Investment proposal: The company is expected to provide an additional amount of energy for its photovoltaic headlines.
Assessment: q3 performance pressure to accelerate the deployment of overseas capacity - 2024/4. Trina (688599.sh) semi-annual report 2024.
Trader 2024/09/02 Quarterly evaluation: performance in line with expectations, multi-operational agreement (MAA) consolidation of competitiveness 2024/04/28
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.