Foreign purchases accelerated expansion + production disturbance, with less than expected performance on the three-quarterly review of Shandong Gold (600547), the company announced on the evening of 29 October that it would collect $64,829 million in the first three quarters of 2019.
This represents an increase of 37.7 per cent; net profit attributable to the mother is $947 million, an increase of 15.15 per cent; and eps 0.31 over the same period. " Performance: q3 seasons of less than expected performance, or less than expected and affected by out-of-pocket purchases The rate of acceleration of the expansion of the Māori out-of-money business: about 0.18 per cent of the Māori out-of-pocket business, resulting in an increase in revenue
RMB/g, but M$ 1,463 million per quarter for q3 and 6.5-7 tons of domestic mine production (Balik Gold Report shows a 1.8 ton production for the Beladero gold mine q3 and a 0.55 ton decline for ring q2).
Finance: The overall rate affected by income growth has declined, but the cost has increased significantly by 3.92 per cent, and the overall rate has fallen by 1.29 per cent, with sales rates slightly increased by 0.17 to 0.23 per cent;
A total of 655 million yuan, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period, q3 1-month financial costs of $274 million, mainly from the June announcement of an overall shock in gold: q4 gold, but without changing the long-term up-to-date cycle.
The probability of interest is low: the price of gold, or the rewinding shock after the rate falls, is dominated by the price of gold. If there is no windfall in October, and the current price of gold has included expectations of a fall in interest rate in October, the price of gold is likely to return. The price of q4 gold may therefore maintain the shock. In the long run, the downside risk of the United States economy remains unsettled, and the United States and the world are entering the week of interest reduction.
During this period, the scale of negative interest-rate bonds has increased the value of the gold configuration, maintaining long-term upward judgement on precious metals. Research Assistant Xue Shayang, who is expected to gradually digest next year’s valuation and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Production fell short of expectations: gold prices fell sharply: overseas mines were below expectations. 1. Gold from Shandong (600547) was rated as gold: 2. Performance slightly short of expectations, looking at 19 years of profit repair.
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, and Non-ferrous Metals and Corporate Research. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, use data from compliance channels to ensure that reports are reported
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,