The growth rate has slowed and the profitability of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has continued to grow.
Millions of yuan, +57 per cent; 18q3 of this amount, $1.87 billion, +31 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $330 million, +60 per cent. At the same time, pre-receipt payments were equal to +56 to +770 million, ring ratio - 4 per cent; and operating activities, cash inflows were equal to + 31 per cent, but net operating cash flows fell by 58 per cent, and were more affected by taxes.
Economic and consumer downside + competition has increased and the pace of growth has slowed; intra-provincial consumption has sunk, and out-of-the-way markets have opened up. Economic growth has slowed down since the second quarter, and consumption will is weak; and the industry, after two to three years of upswing, is now under pressure: prices: high-end alcohol continues to rise rapidly, sub-highly.
Short, flat-paced price adjustments, short-term prices facing the ceiling; volume: better penetration, low consumption, and slower growth. At the same time, channels to replenish stocks have been closed, pre-cost competition has become more apparent, and competition has increased, especially after the 18th Spring.
In the first three quarters, revenues in the provinces amounted to $4.16 billion, a 42% increase (which mainly benefited from the opening of markets and channels, with the total number of distributors increasing by 606 to 1874 in the first three quarters). Sub-products, $4.19 billion in the top three quarters, compared with 27% in the previous three quarters (13% in the q3 season).
In the first half of the year, the growth rate slowed considerably, with the 20-percent growth rate of the old white man and the sunflower, mainly due to the slowdown in economic growth and consumption, and controlled goods in some parts. Low-end alcohol revenues of $2.48 billion, compared to +86 per cent (92 per cent in the first quarter of q3), were mainly due to: 1, the increase in the release of the botanium in the market around the mountain west; and 2, the consolidation of some low-end products.
Contributions of around 400 million, with the elimination of this component, are estimated to have increased by about 50 per cent for mainstream products; Māori rates have stabilized in the first three quarters of the formulation and increased significantly in the first quarter; cost and income tax rates have declined, overall profitability has decreased per cent, mainly due to product structural upgrading, with sales at the lower end of the quarter being only about 100 million; and three fees.
The rate fell by almost 2 percentage points, mainly due to a drop in management costs of more than 1 percentage point; at the same time, income tax – looking at the recovery of rum brands and market openings – the channel is expected to function beyond expectations.
Changes in the previous mode of operation of channels: step-by-step flattening in the province, try to fine-tune its management; and import marketing controls outside the province, so that the market’s pace of production can be released efficiently and robustly. At the same time, the state’s reforms continue to unleash the momentum, and China’s main entrants are expected to bring about an advanced management model, expecting markets and channels.
1. Shanxi Liquor (60809): Quantities of ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.