The Shanxi Wine announcement of 2018, which is intended to be awarded to the incentive audience.
Over 6.5 million restricted shares, the award price for the first restricted share awarded under this plan is $19.28 per share.
A stock incentive program is being introduced at this point, showing that the team is confident of future development. According to a stock incentive program that the company dares to set high targets at this point, it shows that the team is slowing down at the lower end of the future, but not losing speed, that the drinking channel system is healthy, and that the team's strength is increasing further.
In 2019, the dividends of sub-high-end expansion may have diminished, and this is a common problem with sub-high-end alcohol, including Shanxi wine, water wells, and the liquor industry, but we've judged that industry growth will not rise at the rate of a break-off cliff, with steady growth in 19-20, while the dominant firms can continue to outpace it.
Industry. (2) According to our recent terminal research, the system of liquor channels is healthy, the overall stock is reasonable, and the price of the main product has remained stable for 30 years at around $500. (3) According to 17-year military orders, the executive bonus was linked to the company ' s income, so market expansion was driven by 2017-2018.
Companies’ profitability has been greatly improved, and with equity incentives + China’s entry, 2019-2021, they are expected to be more resilient, and they are expected to continue to outpace expectations.
Net interest rates are low, and there is much room for improvement in Māori rates and cost rates. This equity incentive bundle has tied up the interests of senior, middle and core technicians, and three directors have been posted in Huayun in September of 18th year, and we judge that both the company executives and Huayun are motivated to drive interest rates fast.
Coal price fluctuations have affected white wine demand in Shanxi Province, with high targets leading to pipeline pressure and rising stocks.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.