Shanxi's income is slowing down, but it's far from growing. Shanxi's wine is published in the 18th Quarterly. In the 1-3th quarter of 2018, it was $6.92 billion, a year-on-year increase.
42.4% net gain of $1.26 billion, a 56.9% increase in the same year, and $146 per share. 790 million are received in 3q18 camps and received in advance. The net gain is in line with our expectations.
According to research, the current stock is at a reasonable level. 1 - 3q18 low-priced alcohol yields $2.48 billion, and ring 18 increases by $70 million to $100 million, although it does not represent a high share of income and has a lesser impact. While the low-priced alcohol ratio has risen, the Māori ratio of 1 - 3q18 is equal to the same ratio, showing that it is equal.
With the increase in income, the dividends of sub-high-end expansion that fell during the period 1-3q18 may have diminished, and may have slowed down in 19 years, but a smooth transition could have been achieved, and the current market is far too pessimistic.
There are 196 more dealers, and the channels continue to expand. The dividends of sub-high-end expansion are likely to diminish as the empty regional channels are laid out. This is also a common problem with sub-high-end alcohol, including mountain wine, water wells, alcohol industry, and so on.
A smooth transition could be achieved, with a similar increase in advertising fees for 1-3q18 wines, an increase in the frequency of high-end marketing activities and a shift from channel to branding. Moreover, as the reform of wines progresses, more system dividends can be released, and both Māori and cost rates are expected to improve considerably.
In the meantime, net interest rates have been rising steadily, and similar companies, such as Ocean River shares, and the Cedars, have become closer. Coal price fluctuations have affected the demand for white wine in Shanxi Province, with high targets leading to pressure on channels and stock increases.
In the short term, the recent round-up of stock prices has provided investors with a better layout.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing
The performance review for the 3rd quarter of the year in chart 1.18.