Shanxi wine (600809), daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, high growth and increased profitability
The three-quarter slowdown in income is a combination of a high base, a slowdown in the medium- and high-priced alcohol, a decline in the production of alcohol and a fall in the sale of trophies, which led to high prices, low prices, and the production of alcohol in the previous three quarters, which earned 41.91,1480 yuan and 199 million yuan, respectively.
Increases of 27.05 per cent, 86.32 per cent, 4.94 per cent over the same period, including high prices and low-priced liquor in the middle of the three quarters alone Slows the increase in the price of alcohol, increases in the price of alcohol at low rates, and decreases of $48 million in the revenue from the three-quarters alone. Total equity/flow (million shares)
The first half of the first half of the year saw a slowdown in revenue growth in the third quarter alone, owing to the higher base last year, and the second half of the year, when sales were very good, and at the end of June, they were on the same scale as the previous year's sales.
Flowers start with quota systems, focus on controlling channel prices, ensuring profit margins for distributors, and at the same time, report a high rate of growth out of the country.
Entering the Critical Stage - 2018/08/28, for reasons of marketing integration, contributed less than 100 million (300 million sold in the first half of the year).
Red, extra-provincial market booms by 10 billion. Subregionally, after market restructuring, the middle and autumn seasons saw high-profile sales in the province, with $4.157 billion in sales - 2018/05/02
Some regions are under a little pressure to sell, but there are also regions where the targets are exceeded. Taken together, the overall progress is meeting the company’s targets for mid-autumn sales progress.
The significant increase resulted in a 45.56 per cent decline in net cash flows from operating activities in the three quarters alone, an overall increase in the Māori rate and a steady decrease in net interest rates in the three quarters alone q3 generally affected by the sale of low Māori products such as trump cards, wine-making, and higher-middle-priced liquor sales.
The increase of 7 points to 62 per cent, the increase of 68.89 per cent in the q3 ring is 1.58 points, but the increase of 10 points in the ratio of the median high price of wine to the same ratio, the increase in the price increase and the increase in the ratio of the Mäori to the Mäori is 3.52 percentage points higher than the increase in the ratio of the q3 to Mäori.
By the end of the third quarter, the number of dealers in the company stood at 1874, an increase of 606 from the beginning of the year, 196 from the first three quarters, while the expansion of the foreign market was continuing, while the growing brand power of the company attracted more high-quality firms to establish cooperation.
In the face of changes in industry and uncertainty about the future consumption environment, companies are actively taking steps to replace them with better regional managers in the provinces, and the assessment mechanisms are more market-based and normal.
Yeah, three-quarters focus on the core channel, where companies also clearly recognize 300-600-dollar-priced products, where profits are the key to competition in the current market environment, where high-end premium is set to ensure channels, push, low-end insurance strategies to expand the consumption of alcohol, and continuous branding as a more powerful tool.
Huo Yun has been on the board in September and is now making steady progress in marketing and synergy, looking forward to a major economic downturn, a slowdown in the company's high-end liquor sales.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.