The reasons for the report are that the three-quarters review has slowed down the pace of growth, with year-round targets.
The three-quarter performance announcement issued on the evening of 25 October stated that the net profit attributable to the parent owner in the first three quarters was $1,264 million, an increase of 56.89 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating income was $6,915 million, which slowed the growth rate in the third quarter, but was on target for the entire year. The company ' s operating income in the first three quarters was $6,915 million.
The dollar represents an increase of 42.41% over the same period in the previous year; the net profit attributable to the parent company was $1,264 million, or 56.89% over the same period in the previous year. Of this amount, q3 achieved operating income of $1,874 million, a three-quarter increase, which slowed down, mainly because of the company ' s systematization and adjustment of the market during the rest of the season.
Overlaying the same base for the same period last year. Although the growth rate slowed in the third quarter, the company's business performance remained high, and the year-round collection target (with more than 40% growth in the company's budget) was expected to be optimistic.
The company collected 4,191 million yuan in high-end white wine in the first three quarters, an increase of 27.05 per cent, or 61.01 per cent, compared to the previous half of the year. The increase slowed considerably, mainly as a result of the slowdown in economic growth and consumption, as well as the control of the market during the rest of the season; low-end white wine generated 2,480 million yuan in operating income.
This represents an increase of 86.32 per cent, or 36.09 per cent, over the same period. This is mainly the result of the increase in the production of boars in the Rimxi market and the incorporation of rum in the series; the production of alcohol generated an operating income of $199 million, representing an increase of 4.94 per cent, or 2.89 per cent, compared to 2.89 per cent. In the subregion, companies in the previous three quarters were able to raise $4,157 million in the province.
At home, the increase of 606 shows that the company is expanding at a faster pace outside the province. The fall in the cost rate raises the net interest rate of the company. The net interest rate of the company in the first three quarters was 19.59%, 1.83% higher than in the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of product structure upgrades and cost-control efficiency gains.
The Division ' s Māori rate was 69.44 per cent, an increase of 0.05 per cent over the same year, increased sales costs by 25.73 per cent over the same year and administrative costs by 19.20 per cent over the same year, due to the consolidation of a series of rums into a lower whole, the construction of large and weak regional channels and continued branding campaigns, and the increase in advertising and marketing costs.
In late June, the company concluded an agreement to transfer shares, and Hua Yun officially became a strategic investor in the company. On August 18, the company announced its intention to increase the number of directors, and the Chinese side recommended two directors and one independent director, two directors, Hua Yuen Snowflake beer.
Chairman and Managing Director of Investment Limited (China). The restructuring of the boards of directors of listed companies, the selection of managers and the introduction of other professionals will be effective in promoting corporate governance, market expansion and continuous optimization of brand management, making full use of China's rich corporate governance experience and consumer goods industry.
We believe that the Shanxi Liquor Club continues its upward trend, taking into account its powerful brand name.
Li, as well as the Chinese Liquor, formed a team at the regulatory level and in the synergy of the market to raise the level of the wine, the pace of reform of the state enterprise was not as high as expected, the expansion out of the province was not as high as expected, and macroeconomic risks were at stake.