The net profit of Sinjishan and q2 grew faster than the income, and the closet and bulk grew faster.
\triangleright 2020q2 net profit increases faster than income, with a significant increase in the performance ring q1. \triangleright alone in 2020
The key business targets for the second quarter have been reversed, with companies achieving a business income of 3,536 million yuan, compared to 568 million yuan net profit earned on the basis of deductions and later repatriations, an increase of 4.99 per cent over the same period. The highest/minimum (in yuan) in the year of cost and cost control:
Conversely, companies continuously promote cost control and business efficiency in order to manage business promotion, fully utilizing the flowa shares/total equity (billion shares):
Market value of a share in circulation (millions of dollars): The target of faster growth than income growth is set. 2020q1, the company ' s operating income, net return profits, exclusion of people ' s strategic roots, the overall marketing performance is significant, and non-repository operations are expected to take place in the first half of the year.
\triangleright has achieved faster growth in revenue, with large businesses and upholstery keeping everyone moving fast. In the first half of 2020, companies actively pursued fission online + live video landings, information and new modes of empowerment.
End-of-pipe operations, enhancing the ability of the retail system to obtain customers and increasing the turnover, such as the 88 Home Office Festival, which provides three hours of live coverage of the country's total order number of 61,243, with the q2 Euro-based home-based customization (rears) performance leading to faster growth.
In the first six months of the year, the company's performance in major business contracts was achieved, taking advantage of the pioneering advantages of the Europa cabinet to explore the 100-strong real estate strategy and project development of other products (in particular, the wood doors, showers, engineering department stores, etc.).
q1 loss within expected range, custom-made tap against impact \triangleright
Capabilities: Capability: 2020-4-29. ITC, 28th floor, 69 West Street, Taiwon City; macroeconomic growth not as high as expected; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion not as high as expected; original
\triangleright, risk of price fluctuations in China China, 28 Sinrixi Street, Beijing City West Side; risk management by distributors; risk of major business refunds, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.