Consumer Upgradation and Entertainment Research Centre q2 full-source growth resumed and is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year
The company published its semi-annual report, 2020h1, which generated 4.97 billion yuan, corresponding to -9.9 per cent, and net profit on maternity, accounting for 490 million yuan, corresponding to 22.7 per cent, of which the company ' s performance in q2 resumed to grow, with q2 earning 3.54 billion yuan, corresponding to +6.9 per cent, and net profit on maternity was 590 million yuan, compared to +9.2 per cent.
q2 Full-source growth recovery, complete-up + large-scale performance: in a more difficult external environment, the company relied on a large-scale + pre-reform lookout, plus a list of wire-based fission marketing + live video-difficult distributors, and the successful recovery of growth in q2 was a rare event, showing a great deal of resilience. Sub-channels showed that corporate distribution channels (h1) were received.
In the first half of the year (46 more than at the end of the nineteenth century), the pick-up rate was more than 70%, driving the distribution channel q2 back to growth. In terms of engineering channels, the company earned $1.04 billion, compared to 12.3%, q1/q2 income 1.
q2 resumes and returns to the post-natal period. On the direct channel, company h1 earns $100 million, and on the same day, there is a corresponding decline in income from closet h1 of 16.0% to $2.19 billion.q1/q2 earns $64.154 billion, respectively.
Māori rates are under short-term pressure and cost controls are excellent: company Māori rates dropped by 4.2 pct in the first half of the year to the highest potential - 3-quarter reviews, 33.4 per cent, and Māori rates are expected to be under short-term pressure in the first half of the year mainly due to the introduction of more high value for money during the epidemic.
The q2 Māori ratio has returned to 4. " Performance growth is robust, looks forward to a large stock of 37.3% in closets, wooden doors, and is expected to follow a strong push in the second half of the year for ellipsic-free products and Xuanith branding in high-end markets.
In terms of the cost rate, the overall decline in the first half of the year is 1.8 pcc. The demand for household consumption is about to be released, and the full-channel layout will benefit greatly: the epidemic is now under control and the rest of the year is complete.
When the shares of cabinets, baths, etc. are squeezed, companies already have traditional retail + engineering + decorated channels to cope better with the impact of the fragmentation of the flow. The company’s engineering pipeline has reached its target of contract signing in the first half of this year, and the assembly channel model has been gradually improved and stable in retail outlets.
In a warmer environment, it is expected that bulk and dressing operations will drive companies back to the fast-growing lanes of growth. Striking their leaders and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment