The Centre for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies (CYE), with its 2q performance on track, is expected to accelerate growth in the second half of the year.
Revenues increased by 6.9 to 3.54 billion yuan in the same year, and net profit returns increased by 9.2 to 590 million yuan in the same year. Performance changed faster than expected, reflecting the resilience of the flagship brand: 1 q was affected by the new crown epidemic in 2020, the release of production and renovation needs was delayed, consumer confidence was eroded by the epidemic and the household industry was faced with a loss of confidence in consumption.
2q achieves the same yield and profit ratio, demonstrating the rapid resilience and resilience of the leading brands. Distinguished channels, retail outlets rely on fission sales + live video landing + informatization, etc.
2. Q3 Channel Income Ring Biti Speed, Long Woodgate Business, which is expected to grow fastest, but retail cabinets are still expected to fall by the same time.
Due to the lack of service links at the front end, it is expected to take the lead in April to achieve a positive transformation and an overall growth of 2q. 3. "Performance growth is robust and looks forward to the receipt of bill speeds from closets, wooden doors, and completion and reheating of property sales in July, which will accelerate in the second half of the year: based on grass root research,
In July, the company's billing speed showed signs of accelerated repair, especially in retail end-of-service closets and dressing operations, which we believe to be the main cause of the acceleration in July, due to the fact that the residents of the country are psychologically emerging from the fears of the epidemic, and that the normal order of life is now in place.
The recovery began with the beginning of the recovery. Looking forward to the next half of the year, the completion of real estate and the distribution of data will gradually improve the performance of the entire household, while the recovery of the psychological dimension of the country ' s population will occur just before the onset of the season, when we believe that the retailing of the home sector will continue the trend of accelerating basic repairs in the second half of the year.
Domestic outbreaks are repeated: this year, the demand for sales has fallen short of expectations: the cost of company sales has grown faster than expected The analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market shows: score, then averaged the final rating, as average investment in the market