q2 q2 has been significantly restored and has grown faster by dressing up.
The net profit of 2020q2 grew faster than the income and the performance of the ring q1 increased significantly. In 2020 alone \triangleright, key business indicators were reversed from negative to positive, with companies achieving a business income of 3,536 million yuan, a year-on-year ratio.
The net profit from the deduction is 568 million yuan, an increase of 9.31%. In terms of cost and cost control, the company continuously promotes cost control and business efficiency in order to manage business promotion, improve staff efficiency and reduce production costs with the full use of trust-based tools. In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a profit.
The growth rate is faster than the increase in income. 2020q1, the company’s operating income, the net return to the mother, the withholding of $1 billion (—265.03%), the increase of 42.00, 219.53, and 274.34 per cent, respectively. The net interest rate of Māori 2020h1 fell, while the cost rate was significantly optimized during the period, q2 net interest rate was the same.
In 2020h1, the Māori rate and net interest rate were 33.43%, respectively (+0.85 pct); the financial cost rate - 0.55% (-0.69 pct).
In the product category, 2020h1, the cabinet generated 2,187 million yuan.
q1 Losses are within the expected range and customized to withstand shocks, of which closet revenue of $1,869 million (-6.83 per cent) is recorded, representing 37.63 per cent of the revenue; overall baths are coordinated, with more precise multi-goods combined promotions in the form of corporate-led + regional linkages
Sansi Securities Co. Ltd. moved to bring up a list between the closets, the clothes, the wood, and the guards to improve the multi-product purchase rate of the decorated customers.In the first half of the year, the company was actively preparing for the consolidation of internal and external resources, taking into account the needs of the customers for the environmentality of the products.
In the second half of the year, the central trading centre at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor, prepared to promote the spread of non-dehyde-added plates and non-dehyde-added home-based products.
In the area of high-end clients, the company ' s upgrading of its Euro- and Oponey products has effectively complemented the company ' s low-grade three-tier brand matrix with the launch of a panis (baunis) dedicated to the seven-tier end market in high-level centres.
At the end of the reporting period, the company owned the entire stock market.
In the context of the epidemic, in January-June this year, the company was able to do more than 70% of the bill of exchange. The company continued to improve the competitiveness of the plastics and to deliver high-value plastics to the end. The caxa software has already been implemented in the area of packaging information.
The supply chain mix, the product class of the main support material, and the sku have been enriched by the introduction of custom-made home-based products. Engineering channels have been able to optimize cost structures in a timely manner, focusing on high-quality real estate companies, further increasing the number of grabs.
\triangleright has a strong share of real estate.
Focusing on high-quality real estate companies to deepen the mix of products and services based on a combination of custom home-based characteristics, under the group+server’s engineering business model.
Promotion of territorialized services to customize and standardize the production of fine-suited houses through the integration of multi-grade services, a combination of price balances and high standards of work management. \triangleright
Macroeconomic growth has fallen short of expectations: property management policy risk: market diffusion has fallen short of expectations: raw material price volatility risk; distributor management risk; bulk business refund risk, etc. Industry attitude, independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.