In the second quarter, positive growth was achieved, with steady performance throughout the year, the semi-annual review of Europa (603833) in 2020.
On 28 August, the company published its semi-annual report for 2020. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $4,966 million, compared to the same amount, of which 3,536 million won in the second quarter, an increase of 6.91 per cent, and 591 million yuan, an increase of 9.23 per cent, representing a net return to the mother.
In the second quarter of the year, as the epidemic gradually improved, demand for furniture consumption began to be released, the company achieved positive growth in revenue and profit ends in the second quarter, with income and net profit gains of 6.91 per cent and 9.23 per cent in the second quarter of the same year, respectively, increasing production at a rate of 6.91 per cent and 9.23 per cent, respectively.
Business is on track. At the same time, costs are better controlled during the reporting period. The cost is 22.16 per cent over the period.
In response to the epidemic, the company reached the point of diversion, savings, and transactions by means of fission online + video live, and helped the terminal distributor to win the bill. At the same time, the company actively organized multiple, powerful, live live live broadcasts using the "Sunnet Clouds" and micro-credit programs as a tool to capture the fission on the line.
A 100-million-dollar marketing campaign has achieved better billing and branding.
In the context of the epidemic, in January-June of this year, the company was able to build up more than 70% of the billing rate, and it continued to improve the competitiveness of the products and deliver them to the end. At the same time, the company continued to move forward with its information strategy, effectively upgrading it.
The caxa software, after completing the information-based front end of the closet department, is twice as free of review, and the home block ttm has a 36-fold profit rate, which is covered for the first time, giving the company a “recommended” rating. The price volatility of raw materials, real-estate-management policies, and demand for the end are slowing.
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, conducts research in light industry and listed companies. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.