The mid-2020 performance was slightly higher than expected, and the closets and dressings contributed more.
q2 battalion registered an increase of 6.9 per cent in the same year and a net gain of 9.2 per cent in the same year, with a slightly higher than expected performance of q2.
q2 is relatively stable, ploughing multiple channels, promoting cabinet + strategy, retail pilot distribution, and increasing end motivation. The wooden bath q2 is also growing at a much faster rate than the bottom of 288 stores, and this year it is operating optimally, enhancing its empowerment, upgrading its Euro-based products and accessories.
Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) penetration rate. Big q2 trend upwards, although the epidemic did not increase h1 at a very high rate, accelerated the order movement and the billing and income trend upwards.
At the profit end, the net gain of q2 was higher than the income increase, slightly higher than expected in the market, and is expected to be related to the spread of the epidemic after Europa (603833) reported a slight excess of revenue in 2019, focusing on the cost of control payments, especially the standardization of the manufacturing end and the exploitation of its potential.
The business is expected to grow steadily throughout the year, with a quarterly improvement in business performance.
Growth is expected to accelerate to 30 per cent +; there is pressure on the retailing of cabinets, but by upgrading products (environmental plates), Europoles (603833), Europolises q3 Performance and price belt expansion (high-end Bernice + middle-end Europolitik), which will rise to the market rate; closet zero.
For the good, the medium- and long-term competitive advantage is very long-sale, and future enhancements in the penetration of the dress sheets and accessories are equally time-consuming. The chain climate is also Europa’s flagship, and there is still room for a “buy-in” rating in the medium and long term.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Procedure code: slightly over-expected 2019 revenue and high speed of closets and shops
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report