Europa (603833) light manufacturing, multi-purpose, full-scale, improved performance, and South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: corporate business income of 2020h1 was $4.97 billion, a 9.9 per cent decline in the same year; returns were achieved by 9.2 per cent in the same year; net profit from deductions of non-repatriation was $570 million, a 9.3 per cent increase in the same year, and net profits increased at a positive rate in the second quarter, with marked improvement in performance, with a projected downward flow recovery and furniture sales expected to accompany the second half of the year
• Improved business indicators and a return to profitability. 2020h1 achieved a 33.4% Māori rate and a 4.2pp decline in the same year, mainly as a result of a decline in the yield affected by the epidemic and an increase in the fixed cost per unit; q2 achieved Māori rates (-1.8 pp), with a sales rate of 9.2% and a 2pp decline in the same year, mainly due to the epidemic, advertising shows
In general, the company increased by 2020h1. With respect to cash flows, the net cash flow from the 2020h1 company ' s operations was 560 million yuan, the same amount.
This represents a 45.1 per cent decrease; the net cash flow of q1/q2 operating activities is -860 million yuan, and the cash flow has improved significantly in the second quarter. The company ' s 2020h1 accounts receivable amounted to $800 million, an increase of 63.2 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in the amount due at the end of the period for major operating projects.
• Synergy in multi-grades, with a bright new class. The first half of the year, the cabinet business generated $2.19 billion, a decline of 16 per cent, or 44.6 per cent; the closet business generated $1.87 billion, a decline of 6.8 per cent, and 1. Euro-based households (603833): multi-grade, multi-channel, multi-channeled and multi-channeled.
The same rate of growth was 3.1 per cent and 5.9 per cent, respectively, and was affected by the decline in production in the first half of the year, with the reduction of the Māori rate in the various categories, with the reduction of the ratio of closets/cloths/baskets/māori in the cabinets by 5.4 per cent, 1.5 per cent and 2. Europa residences (603833).
The introduction of higher value-added package products to meet the dual demands of the newcomers on home comfort and economics effectively complements the company’s lower three-stage brand matrix. In the face of rising flow costs, low client overlaps among the company’s various product groups, the company enhances the synergy of the end product categories to be corporate-led + regional.
• A more precise multi-species joint marketing campaign in the form of cross-checking between closets, garments, closet guards, and increasing the multi-species purchase rate of decorated customers.
As of 2020h1, there were 293 individual dealers, 334 of them in the first half of the year, and more than 70% of them in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company generated 1.04 billion yuan, an increase of 12.3 per cent, which supported the growth in corporate engineering.
Channels optimize cost structures in a timely manner, focusing on high-quality real estate companies, and further increase their share of land grabs. Promotion of territorialization of services, efficiency of services, market share of engineering operations, and product competitiveness are gradually increasing under the group+services’ engineering business model.
The company has a clear advantage as a custom owner, in terms of channels, products, and brands, and maintains a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.