In Europe, traditional channels have been strengthened, brand matrices have been improved, q2 has returned to growth, strategies have been strengthened, and brand matrices have been improved.
In the case of products, in response to the tendency to polarize consumption demand, companies have increased their marketing of current products, while upgrading their European and Orioni products.
With a variety of measures, the company q2 has begun to achieve positive income growth of 6.9%, a marked improvement over the 35.1% of q1.
Engineering channels are growing again, and they continue to expand. Under the overall marketing strategy, the company ' s q2 channels have recovered to varying degrees, with direct, distribution, bulk business revenue q2 increasing by 24.1%, 1.4%, 57.4%, and bulk business q2 accounting for 19%.
Half-yearly, there was a net increase of 24/+10/+74/+27/+29 in cabinets, closets, wooden doors, guard baths, and O'Pheri-doors, respectively, and O'Pheri's reopening, while kitchen q2 remained closed. In addition, the company actively promoted the preparation of large household businesses, with 334 houses opened by the first half of 20 years, an increase of 46 since the end of last year.
The 70 per cent increase in the first half of the year, which led to a stable distribution channel, and the realization of the q2 contract liability through a focus on high-quality real estate companies, the promotion of territorialized services through the group plus service provider engineering business model, the expansion of market shares and a return to high growth of q2.
Cost control promotes a return to profitability. The company ' s Māori rate fell by 4.3% in the first half of the year, with a q2 Māori rate falling by 3.1% in the same year, with the ratio of Māori in kitchens, closets, baths, wooden doors q2 having a similar ratio -5.2 pct, -3.6 pct, -2.8 pct, the Māori rate in closet operations having stabilized, and the kitchen business having been subsidized for special periods.
But there was greater cost control during the epidemic, with a $7.6 million reduction in the same rate of 3.0 ptt, credit impairment loss, and an q2 net interest rate equal to +0.4 pct as a custom furniture flagship, full product and multi-brand escort, large bulk and assembly channels.
Dot-plus growth, branding and channel advantages have gradually emerged, allowing full enjoyment of the second half of the year's completion of the repairs.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations Light manufacturing: light work in households Figure 3. Māori rates and net interest rate trends in companies for the single quarter