Alternative consumer consumer durables and clothing 20q2 steady upwards, larger rings improved, and the overall performance was bright.
22.70 to 489 million yuan. The net profit on deductions fell by 25.6 per cent, with a 6.9 per cent increase in the q2 battalion, a 9.2 per cent increase in the net return and a 9.2 per cent increase in the corresponding performance, as disclosed in the previous period ' s flash report.
q2 in cabinets dropped by 2% over the same period, although 24 are closed, the company has developed a wide variety of channels and introduced low-cost promotional packages and high-end Ponice series.
Mumanjito's stubble straps are growing. O'Pholy's 29 stores are growing at the same time as the Euros. Total stock/flow (million shares) is growing by 57% over the same period, with a marked acceleration, except for part of the q1 operation.
In addition to the carry-over revenue, the Europeans have captured the fine dividends, their strategic resources have been tilted, their products have been developed jointly with a number of powerful housing companies, their services have been made more efficient, and there have been significant performances, such as the wooden door in the closet.
An increase of 70 per cent in the same year-on-year growth in the number of H1 pick-ups, with 46 to 334 net stores operating in 20h1, while optimal transportation is expected to result in an increase in the volume of closets and dressings, enhanced empowerment, and enhanced penetration of Euro-based products and supply chain packages.
-200/08/13: 2% growth, overall pressure, but performance in leading industries, rising market access, Europa, Europa (603833): slightly over-revenue in 2019.
Saleser enabling, pilot distribution, plus line marketing currents and private-area flow belts. Europa (603833), 19-year corporate report, profit end, Māori rate drops by 4.2 pct on the same year, mainly due to the epidemic affecting productivity utilization,
Increased distributor concessions and end-marketing, with closets/sellers/baskets/wood gates falling by 2.opct, with significant post-epidemiological control costs and small fluctuations in other costs. Operating net cash flows declined by 44.4 per cent, but single q2 increased by 17 per cent on a year-on-year basis, leading to significant warming after the outbreak.
Deciding that business performance improves throughout the year, the overall growth is expected to be robust. The bulk continues to accelerate, with further integration of supply chains and accessories, with H2 revenues doubling or doubling; and the retailing of cabinets continues to be pressured, but is met by price belt expansion and product upgrading (at a flat + 88 exchange for a non-aldehyde plate).
Qualifications code: Environmental claims, which will meet the increase in market access; retail distribution of closets, which will enhance the penetration of cooker belts, sheets and accessories in the future, and h2 speeds. Cost end, post-epidemiological scale effect release.
Overlaying informatization transitions and standardized manufactures (e.g. 60% + for closet waivers, 90% + for one pass, and an average of 120 to 260 cases per day) can significantly improve the H2 Māori ratio. Chain-silentness and Euro-square leadership, with room for “buy-in” ratings in the medium to long term.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.