Material material  The Great Refinery Project is in harvest, maintaining the "buy-in" event: the company issued a quarterly report in 2020, which achieved business income of $29,771 million during the reporting period.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved 31.29 million tons of chemical products (Risk-22.77 per cent), which, under the influence of sales, is a promising performance: (1) benefits from the product pre-sale strategy, the company realizes
Total stock/flow (million shares) Total market value/flow (millions) is a typical “chemical” refinery, making better profits. (3) The refined plate captures the company as a whole.
Top/minimum (millimeter) 12 months Helium petrochemicals: 10 billion profit in 2019. Polyester plates are highly affected by the epidemic and continue to be under pressure in the short term
Higher than expected size, maintenance of “buy-in” revenues of 7.036 billion yuan; production of polyester products, 62.35 million tons, sales of 42.61 million tons, Helium stock (60346) [Pacific Chemical]
Prices of pta products are the same as 36.4%, polyester products Helium petrochemicals: cash flows continue to improve and prices accelerate at the same rate as 14.22%, leading to a drop in revenues on the same basis.
Pta and Ethylene Project Extensions. Weaving clothing needs continue to be under pressure for a short period of time, polyester product stocks are high, waiting to arrive, -2019/10/25
Helium petrochemicals: Great Refinement Project, Cash 3.
In 2020, the company launched several projects to support the company ' s profits and take it back to the next step. (1) The Department is building 1.5 million tonnes of ethylene/year project, including 1.5 million tonnes of ethylene devices and 12 packages.
Industrial devices to further increase product value addition and refining competitiveness. The project is in the process of being produced on a trial basis. (2) 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-4 project has been completed, while 2.5 million tonnes pta-5 project.
Profit forecasting and rating projects are in harvest, maintenance of “buy-in” projects are in harvest, construction of multiple projects leads to long-term, integration advantages are evident and performance elastic.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report