The reason for the report is that the annual report assesses 20 million tons of refined integration projects per year and significantly improves the company's performance.
Dollars, 67.78 per cent increase in the same year; net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, $10.25 billion increase in the same year by 20 million tons per year for the launch and steady operation of the refining integration project; operating income of $10.782 billion in 2019, an increase of 67.78 per cent in the same year; and the shareholdings of the parent company, an increase of 67.78 per cent in the same year.
In May of this year, the 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project was fully operational, significantly optimizing, upgrading, and improving the company’s business integration structure and continued profitability. In addition, the company’s pre-existing pta, polyester business was well run and further increased the company’s profitability.
The Department earned $30.32 billion in 2019 for chemical products; $12.293 billion for finished oils; $28.637 billion for pta products, down 9.02 per cent from the same period last year; 89.999 million tons for polyester products, yielding 8.8365 million tons; 31.562 million tons for finished oils;
Production of 3,078,000 tons; production of 5,677.2 million tons of pta sales, or 70,608,000 tons; sale of real-time polyester products, or 2,688,000 tons, or 2,664.2 million tons.
In terms of costs, the company’s current cost was 7.46 per cent in 2019, an increase of 4.04 pct over the same period last year. Of this, the financial cost was 3,563 million yuan, an increase of 141.03 per cent over the same period, mainly an increase in borrowing interest.
The first business in the industry to run an integrated chain of crude oil-px-pta-polyesters, while building 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taigleright Township
The industrial chain is extremely well organized. The 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project is fully operational, resulting in a strategic breakthrough in the company's key production chain of refining, aromatic hydrocarbons and becoming the first in industry to own crude oil.
The company currently owns 6.6 million tonnes/year pta capacity and invests in the construction of the 2.5 million tonnes per year pta-4 project and 2.5 million tonnes per year.
The Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. pta-5 project, which will increase its capacity to 11.6 million tonnes/year after full construction, will have an extremely large scale effect and will further upgrade the voice of the industry to strengthen the company’s leading position.
In the tourism industry, the company has deployed more than 2.8 million tons of high-end polyester production capacity annually, while accelerating the construction of 1.35 million tons of civil and 200,000 tons of industrial silk production, with a total polyester production capacity of over 4 million tons per year. In addition, the company started building 1.5 million tons in February 2018.
The ton/year ethylene project, which is used primarily to produce a variety of high-end chemical products that are scarce in the country, will greatly enhance the capacity of the processing industry to integrate into the industry and add value to its products. Positive returns to investors, sharing the company’s growth gains with investors.
The dividends distributed in the \triangleright formula (including the sum of the annual share allocation and the medium-term share allocation for the year) shall in principle be not less than 10 per cent of the distributed profits realized by the company during the year.
The company has now formed a \triangleright industrial chain of crude oil aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons - pta - polyester - civil and industrial silk, influenced by large fluctuations in crude oil prices and uneven development of the industrial chain up and down.
There is a certain cyclical volatility in the profits of the industrial chain. Despite the negative effects of the spread of the epidemic and the sharp fall in oil prices since the first quarter, downstream end demand, which has a rigid character, is expected to stabilize on a seasonal basis, with a high risk of volatile prices of raw materials and products, lower downstream demand than expected, and a climate of energy digestion.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.