The refined ethylene ethylene connection is a steady profit in the sense that integration guarantees — the Helium petrochemicals (600346.sh) company issued a quarterly report for the year 2020 with a gross operating income of 29.770 billion yuan, +97.8 per cent for the same year and +27.1 per cent for the ring.
Mother-to-child net profit of $2.14 billion, year-on-year +323.8 per cent, ring ratio-33.2 per cent, roe 5.73 per cent, related to the large decline caused by the collapse of the epidemic ' s impact demand and reduction negotiations.
Its whole-hydrogen process increases the lightweight rate, the integration of crude oil-finished oil-px-chemicals, and the configuring of Changheing Island Parks have created a steady performance for the project. We estimate that in the near future, 30 dollars in crude oil, downstream in market prices, and more than 8 billion dollars in refining projects.
Irr 16%, 2013 - Today net profit center is at 11.5 billion, 20% of the center of the base. It's very popular in the oil refining project, highlighting the rational design of the product program.
The process, which helps companies to quickly capture ethylene downstream production and quickly join the ethylene downstream domain. And the ethylene project, which makes full use of the refining projects by-product dry gas, c4~c6 components, benzene, etc., as an ethylene downstream raw material, actually does what the refining plants seek to do with "oil-friendly oils, aromatic aroma, acetylene."
Good synergies are achieved. We are also in the recent 30-dollar, downstream low market prices for crude oil, taking into account the flexible discharges of the c5-c22 components, and are measured to have significant synergies in refining + ethylene at $12 billion. The ethylene project is expected to achieve an increase in contribution performance in the second quarter.
Pta-polyesters are affected by downstream demand, mid-stream expansion, upstream price drops, overall.
The price difference is lower. We expect the plate to be about 6 billion. Investment advice: the company's refined oil-ethylene-aromatic-poly ester is already in shape and optimized by its product programme, with a more stable performance and downstream production capacity to build cost advantages.
Liu Shaolin, University of Xian Transport, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Tianjin, formerly in the China Ball Engineering Co. Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or solicitation of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.