The Great Sea Group (002311.sz) continues to evolve in agriculture and white horses, and overseas expansion is expected to create a new curve in performance growth.
Agriculture, livestock, fodder, investment rating: better than the big city.
(a) The Grand Sea Group, which is based on the main feeder industry, has closed the agro-pastoral chain of seedlings, motor protection, farming, processing, etc.
8.41 per cent of the year rose to 9.27 per cent of 2025h1. 2) The company responded positively to the “one-way” initiative by accelerating the movement of the sea-larger model, sea-larger products, sea-based services to a wider international market, currently operating in more than 10 countries and regions, including Asia, Africa and the Americas, with overseas feed sales increasing by 40 to 2.4 million tons in 2024, with 2025h1 maintaining a 40 per cent increase, with targets 2024-2030 reaching 20 per cent in caagr and overseas markets
It is expected to be a new curve for future growth in corporate performance. 3) Investment proposal: The Sea Group is a scarcely high-quality asset in the agro-pastoral sector, with strong management, focusing on the multi trillion markets from the field to the dining table, on the basis of its specialization in agriculture, and on a sequenced trial and new layout of business, and the public sector is expected to become a benchmark for future growth in the agro-pastoral sector, which is expected to increase steadily, taking into account the fact that the aquatic industry has returned significantly since 2025.
Over the past three decades, the industry has been able to improve its integrated layout around the core feed industry, with the company building on the main feed industry, expanding upstream and downstream into the industry, gradually creating a chain of feed, seedlings, protection, farming, and processing.
The main products of the camp include fodder varieties such as chickens, ducks, gooses, pigs, fish, shrimp crabs, farm varieties such as pig, shrimp seedlings, fish seedlings, chickens, and biological products, veterinary medicines, vaccines, etc. needed in livestock and aquaculture. The company received +125-58.8 billion dollars in the same amount in the 2025h1 camp, and the largest group of seamen has produced water products and built up the whole chain of agricultural and livestock.
According to the semi-annual newspaper of 2025, the company's absolute shareholders are the Guangzhou City Haiyan Investment Company Ltd., which holds 54.73% of the shares of the China Group and has absolute control over the company. Xuehua, who is the real boss of the Sea Group and the founder and chairman of the company, indirectly holds 21.76% of the Sea China Corporation through the Guangzhou City Haigu Investment Company Ltd. Xuehua's technical origins accumulated in the field of aquatic nutrition research.
Deep down, he has taken the focus and professionalism of his research into the business development of the group, defining the corporate strategy as “scaling on a professional basis”, and, on the basis of his mission as a steady feeder, he has led the group to develop a whole-of-the-industry chain of quality seedlings, biopharmaceutics, intelligent farming, safe food, finance, etc., with a view to creating “technology-based farming and changing the rural landscape”.
Effectively, all employees are in agreement, working together, and the company’s future development is well under way. Figure 2: Sea Grand Group equity structure is highly concentrated, with real control of director Xuehua (up to the end of 2025h1) for both the sea and the sea, with a 25% increase in total sales of 2025h1. Company feed plate 2025h1 for the same share + 14.0%.
This represents an increase of 25 per cent over the national total feed production, which is higher than the rate of 7.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a further increase in the share of the global feed market from 2024 to 2024, which is equal to 24 per cent for poultry. Companies are actively taking advantage of R&D advantages, enabling households, pig feed sales are equal to +43 per cent. In keeping with the trend towards the scale of pig farming, companies are actively opening up professional pig farming groups.
In its future development, the company uses fodder as its first core industry, with a record of investor relations activities on July 29, 2025 revealed in company announcements, and has performed well overseas in a number of countries and regions in recent years. Haida has been using Vietnam's aquatic market as an entry point since the end of 2011.
The company’s overseas feed expansion is expected to be the second growth curve in 2024. Based on the specialization of the feeder industry, the company’s marketing of agricultural products has been growing steadily in tandem with the dynamic panels.
The ratio is between 15.6% and 9,735 million yuan, and the Māori rate is 20.26%. The same ratio is +3.37 pct. In pig farming, the company’s overall cost continues to improve, and the business model of “outsourcing pigs, companies plus family farms, locking in profits, hedge risks” is pursued. In aquaculture, the company is currently involved in special water products, such as shrimp, and is promoting a plant-to-shrimp farming model through plant-based scientific design, recycling water systems, etc.
Bio bait technology and strict biocontrol can compete with traditional farming model products at a time when companies properly control the scale of their fish farming and continuously upgrade their professional skills. In the seedling business, companies are investing in aquaculture and poultry seedlings in countries such as Viet Nam and Indonesia, opening up the internationalization strategy.
Innovative products, such as agents, are organically integrated with the advantages of feed technology. Figure 3: Larger group sub-operations share (%) The strong soft power of the big group, with excellent management and efficient organizational systems providing a sound basis for sound development
The company is a high-quality growth unit in the agricultural sector, and its excellent management is the inner core of one line of business. In 2017-2024, the sea-wide roe Ping averaged 19%, and high roe performance was mainly due to its high turnover of assets and the faster flow of business assets from input to output. And the high turnover of assets is underpinned by the great managerial advantage of the sea, with companies forming a “four-in-one” management system for procurement, formulation, marketing, and production.
Rapid inter-departmental linkages have increased the speed of corporate response to the market as a whole. At the same time, under the leadership of good management, the big team is highly motivated, has strong cohesion and enforcement, has sustained hard times, has scaled up its operations, and has made the return on roe significantly better than its peers for decades.
Figure 8: The NAG net interest rate is better than that of its peers. By creating an efficient organization that is “procurement + R & D + marketing + production” the company has laid the foundation for a more profitable industry. On the one hand, the NAG has a well-developed procurement system, controlled from the source through such powerful measures as centralized procurement, futures preservation, R & D collaboration, etc.
Procurement costs. With regard to the procurement model, a model combining centralized and local procurement for bulk and regional varieties, by type of raw material, has parallel advantages of scale and localization. Secondly, in view of the high price volatility of raw material for feed, the company has established a raw material information research unit to track, study, judge and hedge the movements of large domestic and foreign raw materials and use futures tools to hedge price risks.
On the one hand, while procurement and research and development teams work closely together, the R & D team is well-developed, able to adjust feed formulations in a timely manner to the price fluctuations of raw materials in order to control production costs, and companies also have a three-tier marketing system that directly connects users, thereby fully understanding market demand.
Under the three-tier service marketing system of + point, subsidiary technical department personnel and company headquarters research centre personnel, subsidiary operators and technical staff go deep into first-line farm households to understand consumer demand and farming and to provide targeted farming services, while feedback is provided to headquarters research centre personnel on end-use practices, feed breeding effects, farming patterns and farming needs to ensure that R & D is accurately matched with demand.
Finally, in the context of the four-pronged management mechanism “Procurement + R & D + Sales + Production”, rapid intra-firm linkages allow real business decisions to be adjusted in time and responsive to market demands. In the actual workflow, procurement and R & D teams work together to effectively control production costs by adjusting the formula ratio.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Agricultural marketing operations: The company’s agricultural sales include pig farming, the sale of shrimp fish seedlings, and shrimp farming. In the pig farming business, the company has continued to focus on capacity-building of pig-breeding teams and the development of a home-grown seeding system.
Raw material trade operations: company-scale procurement advantages in raw materials are evident, procurement teams are highly specialized, and it is expected that raw material trade operations will be accompanied by microecological agent operations: corporate microecological agents products, including aquaculture, animal animal protection, are expected to be integrated with corporate livestock chain development initiatives Investment proposals: companies are scarce agricultural quality growth units, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating
The company is a scarcely high-quality asset in the agro-pastoral sector, and its management has significant advantages, focusing on the multi trillion markets from the field to the table on the basis of a firm’s expertise, and is expected to continue to grow in the future as a model for the agro-pastoral sector. The forecast for corporate profitability is based on more assumptions, particularly with regard to the growth of the company’s farming operations over the next few years.
Measured, many individual judgements have been included: 1. The risk of profit-optimistic growth in future pig farming operations may be due to higher profit growth due to an optimistic estimate of pig prices; 2 - the risk of future growth in corporate incomes resulting from an optimistic estimate of growth in company production capacity may result in higher profit-optimistic growth
The company’s continued coding industry, with future profits being directly affected by the prices of raw pigs, can lead directly to large fluctuations in the company’s level of profitability. Potential risks associated with uncontrolled natural disasters and animal outbreaks
The company’s feed business is much more affected by downstream farming, and floods can affect aquaculture operations, thereby impeding company sales. In the case of pigs, poor control of non-pest, blue ear disease, etc., may result in the company’s less profitable pig-breeding business.
Overseas business, as a company’s emerging business, will continue to be deployed in the future and, in the event that new business developments fall short of expectations, may lead to higher public-sector costs and lower corporate profitability.
"The Big Sea Group (002311.sz)-2023 and the Quarterly Review: The Feed Masters are running well and the cost of pig farming is falling" - "The Big Sea Group (002311.sz) 2023 semi-annual Review: the same growth in net profits as the 20231 Camp, feed, farming, insurance, and the author's assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, based on reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author