Thematic report on non-financial companies, Agroforestry and Fishery Feeding (002311.sz)
Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) Large Series of Seafish II - Large-scale Fish Jumps - Global Feeding Industry is a natural fragmented, inefficient stage with 1.4 billion tons, 4 trillion yuan and downstream patterns.
At the top of the scale, the world’s leading companies such as Gently, Gaga, Landrex, Dheres, and others have a net profit of up to 10 billion.
A market position to break the former leader, and to give the domestic script a second time abroad in a different state, is no longer a tool for fine-flying, but is based on built-up systemic advantages: platform capacity, super-large-scale effects, synergizing. The global market is large enough for the industrial chain ceilings, and the dominant firms are long enough for the long term, for hundreds of millions of dollars.
The outlook for Yu is also becoming clearer, with the sea rising to the point where the target is to recreate a “billions of oceans”.1 Platform capacity: China is an excellent platform company, seedlings, feed, services, management, talent, etc., have been integrated into a system advantage that can achieve high quality in both industrial and agricultural feed industries.
1) The feed industry is not simply a manufacturing industry, but a manufacturing-dependent farm service, where products are standardized between industrial products and agricultural products, where the distribution of customers of different animal feed is very diverse and where the main farmers change from year to year, and where firms are vulnerable to loss.
The accumulation of value in the industrial chain, and the possibility of small-scale enrichment, is easily defeated by large firms with capital. After 20+ years of accumulation, China’s deep understanding of the balance between efficiency and value creation in the industrial chain has truly been achieved in terms of size, depth, and flexibility, and the long-term ceiling is not a ton of feed, but rather the creation of value-added advantages multiplied by the regional × segmentation of the industrial chain.
2. The advantages of the industrial chain have been established in the context of a systematic “strategic counter-attack” phase. Our industrial feed market has been financed by foreign investors, and is modelled on China’s foreign capital.
Millions of tonnes broken; China’s strategic transition from manufacturing to service-based enterprises was spearheaded in 2006; further emphasis was placed on building value chain advantages; in 2013 it actively promoted information-building, internal management towards processization, standardization, and greater replicability of the management model of the pole factory after 20+ years of study and competition.
In 2024, 2.26 million tons of domestic (domestic) vs. 12 million tons were sold. Behind the continued subversive breakthroughs are the platforms and systems built up by the sea’s roots, feed, motor security, services, internal operations management, and so on. The domestic scripts are now overseas.
The next stage, the new region, the old rivals, is now more than ever, and the old generation of international agricultural leaders are already in a position to take a full lead. In South-East Asia, Africa, etc., where demographic dividends are high and industrialization starts late, there are still significant efficiencies to improve space and corporate comparative advantages, and firms can grow in the short, medium and long term by leading the industries to improve efficiency and increase their value.
Long-term rather than inner-roll price wars, competition for eco-beautifulness, which guarantee a reasonably high level of return and a double gain. 3) Talent vortex.
The successful merger of China with Viet Nam’s rising dragons in 2011 officially opened the way to internationalization; in addition to the consistency of business concepts, the integration of localized teams is important.
Consider the fact that the current director-general of the Hai Dae-long business was the founder of Viet Nam’s el-Long, which has had an impact on Viet Nam’s aquatic industry. The promoter also succeeded in implanting and localizing the big sea service gene, becoming the first company to open a service station in Viet Nam, while introducing seedlings and dynamic protection products that are compatible with the promotion of dragon farming patterns, and providing full-chain value services to the breadwinners (Sprup 2011).
The sales volume of 20,000 tons vs. 30+t in 2018, and the sales of China in 2024 in Viet Nam were among the top of the list, making it a prelude to the group's “go-out” and a breakthrough. 4) Working together on the sea. In the case of household electricity, the US-Hishin alliance abroad in May 25th year marked the China-China electricity industry's “single-line”
In the process of inter-stateization, China also has other Chinese-owned enterprises. In 2024, China and Cherry Valley Ducks (the main camp duck seedlings) were jointly financed.
In Viet Nam, the combination of ducklings and feed has achieved a faulty competitive advantage, with the same number of farmed sea dragon ducks in Viet Nam, which weighs 0.3 kg per day, and the cost of raising them has been significantly reduced. Good seedlings have made the feed effects more visible, with 24 years of sea and overseas poultry growing by 50%. In addition, China, in cooperation with the Export Credit Insurance Corporation, has made direct sales of customers.
Large, high-receivable risk areas achieve targeted coverage and reduce bad debt losses. 2, Superworkshops: one-time production of the final state of business. Based on domestic touchlines and long-cycle layouts abroad, the sea and the sea began by placing plant size and product-type structures high and forming a clear “satellite factory” strategy
Deployment, construction of super-plants early in the sea (design capacity of 300,000 to 500,000 tons, equivalent to two to three small plants) to provide a buffer window period for the development of small plants in the surrounding region with profits from large plants. Super-plants are naturally efficient, with a higher return on assets after they have completed the postpartum period, and we measure them at half a million tonnes of single-plant size, with an initial capital input of 300 million yuan, and two to three years of post-partum.
In view of the end of overseas events, the market is saturated, and the efficiency advantages of big super-plants are expected to increase the gap between rivals and the value of the chain and achieve long-term stability of the enterprise. 3. War table: A whole-chain value model such as China is better suited to high-quality, value-oriented overseas markets.
Business returns are likely to be ecologically based in the short, medium, and long term; and, overseas, Chinese firms cooperate more than competing business and ecology, making the return more secure. The main regions of the current sea scale are less developed regions such as South-East Asia, Africa, and South America, where priority is given to countries that are nurturing and researching to meet their strategies in the short, medium, and long term.
1) Priority regions: Viet Nam, Indonesia, Egypt, Ecuador (total market capacity of 50 + 000 tonnes) 2) in the region being cultivated: Bangladesh, Nigeria, etc. 3) in the region under study: Brazil: emerging countries in South-East Asia, other African countries such as Tanzania, Uganda, etc.
(b) Medium- and long-term performance: pessimistic, neutral and eccentric observations, with projected profits from the ocean master industry in 2030 (elimination of pig feed markets in the country: sea barriers have been established and are expected to continue to be strengthened, city occupancy rates are expected to increase)
Overseas feed markets: The whole industry chain model goes out to sea, downsliding local markets, and sales growth follows the pace of production capacity, with sales expected to be capr = 20% in 2024-2030. Overseas is a high-quality, market-oriented ecology, with no forecast for price war, with sea-wide seedlings saving the sea and whole-of-industry chain value patterns in various developing countries.
The annual income cagr = 14%, and the profit rate is constant. China’s attempt to innovate the company-plus farm model in the pig-spill chain has led to a lighter asset expansion, no.
There is a risk of a further increase in the number of commodity pigs coming out of the pipeline. The sea rises to a new stage of moderate growth without relying on excess capital spending, capital spending is roughly the same as depreciation, free cash flows reach the release period (approx. net return to the mother), and the next bonus rise can be expected.
Finance will either enter the stage of financial performance [roe up, return to moderate growth rates, increase in dividends]. Domestic markets, where industrial concentration is already in the final stages, the advantages of the sea-wide own value chain model are expected to be either the harvest phase or the maintenance of a robust double-digit growth, as a result of improved capacity utilization, etc.
Overseas markets, China and China are making great efforts to build a second-growth curve. The sea-wide whole-chain value model is well suited to overseas markets, where corporate returns may be ecologically based in the short, medium and long term, and overseas, where Chinese firms cooperate more than competitive commercial ecology, making returns more secure and more space for growth.
1. Global feed market: natural dispersed and inefficient stage, available
The basic conditions for the creation of the Great Fish are that the global feed industry is a natural, fragmented and inefficient stage with a natural upward/downstream pattern of 1.4 billion tons, and international champions such as Gagaji, Landrex, Dhes, with a net profit of more than 10 billion yuan at its peak.
1.1. Industry characteristics: long chains, multi-disaggregation, non-standardized feed industries are not simply manufacturing, but farming services with manufacturing attributes, with product standardization ranging from industrial to industrial.
Between agricultural products, the distribution of the customers of different animal feed is very diverse, and there is no low annual variation in the subject; the same type of feed can be further broken down by stage of growth (e.g. pig food, hog food, fertilizer, etc.). This means that the industrial chain has many links in which efficiency can be optimized, giving the enterprise the opportunity to grow and provide enough room for deep-drawing through each of these links.
Accumulation of weak strengths creates a core moat; and there is a risk that if you fail to remain awake and vigilant at all times, you will be able to destabilize the pattern. 1.2. Capacity and distribution: 500 million tons of small ceilings for medium-sized enterprises are in the sea and are still slow.
Growth is expected to produce another sea currency. Birds, pigs, together, amount to about 900 million tons and account for 70 per cent of the market share; the second is anti-thin, 300 million tons, and aquatic, 50 million tons.
Regional distribution: In 2024, the Asia-Pacific region was about 500 million tons, followed by nearly 300 million tons in North America, 200 million tons in Europe, 100 million tons in Latin America, and 100 million tons in Africa and the Middle East. Out of 300 million tons of existing markets in mature regions such as North America, Europe, Oceania, and China, the current stock of Chinese-owned enterprises is 500 million tons.
Figure 4: Global forage production and compound acceleration across continents, 2012-2024 (Billions: Global forage production and share by continent, 2024 (Billions of tonnes. per cent) 1.3. Competition patterns: inefficient, fragmented, future Chinese firms will lead global concentration
Over the past 15 years, the global feed industry has not seen an increase in concentration (cr10 = 15% vs 2024 cr10 = 14%), but there has been a marked change in the rankings, with feed/farming enterprises in China capturing the industrialization trends in the domestic market and the labour & capital dividend, achieving a leap in output growth that is far faster than the old generation of international champions in 2009.
On top of the top 10, Chinese firms have only new hopes and Winch; in 2024, six of the top 10 firms came from China. At this stage, China’s corporate advantage is already worse than overseas, and in the coming decades, the surge in Chinese firms is expected to lead to an increase in global concentration in the oil industry.
In May 2025, Gagaji, the global agricultural giant, closed down two hydro-feeding plants in the same towers and in the province of Su-An, and was located at the Water Technology Application Centre in the former river, officially withdrawing from Viet Nam’s water-feed market and ending its 30-year distribution in the Vietnamese market. Ten thousand tons, but overall operating conditions have not been as expected in the last two years, have opted to withdraw the savings into a more potential leader.
In contrast to high-tech animal feed and substitute protein components, China-owned enterprises expanded their efforts in Vietnam, with China-China and China-owned companies opening a new capacity of 700,000 tons per year in Haiyang in 2024 and Yonglong and a new capacity of 200,000 tons in Yonglong in 2024, respectively, behind which is the built-up systemic advantage: Ping:
Capacity, super-large-scale effects, synergizing out of the sea, the relatively benign conglomerate of overseas markets, guaranteeing a reasonable level of return, the ecological depth of domestic markets, and the near saturation of profit spaces in many industries, especially in traditional manufacturing sectors.
The Middle East, Latin America, and other overseas regions are still in a relatively backward stage of development, with many countries/regions urbanizing and industrialization processes that resembled those of decades ago, with greater market space potential. And many of these regions are located in an ecosystem dominated by transnational groups, competing for relatively good results that are expected to guarantee reasonably high levels of return.
Forage business is about 5 pct higher than in the country. 2.2. China’s competitive advantage vis-à-vis the older generation of international leaders has been a proxy for China’s industrial feed market, which has been dominated by foreign capital, i.e. China’s foreign capital pk: foreign defense, Chinese capital, Chinese capital, Chinese capital.
In 1998, when China was founded, the Great China region sold millions of tons of fodder; in 2006, China took the lead in the strategic transition from manufacturing to service-based enterprises; in 2009 it placed greater emphasis on the advantages of value chain construction; and in 2013 it actively promoted informationization and internal management.
Processatization, standardization, and a greater degree of replicability of the management model of the pole factory ... After 20+ years of study and competition, Haida has grown into a big feeder for domestic sales of Top1, global sales of Top1, and 22.6 million tons vs (China) in 2024 are now being sold at a large volume of 12 + million tons.
China’s new generation of international agro-pastoral enterprises, represented by China’s China Ocean, is breaking the market position of its former leader from one side to the other, taking its domestic script abroad for a second time in a different state. This time, it is no longer using ground-based flights as a tool, but relying on the built-up systemic advantages: platform capacity, super-large-scale effects, and synergizing.
1) Platform capacity: China is an excellent platform company that has integrated seed protection, feed, services, management, talent, etc. to create systemic advantages that can be relatively easily restored in the feed industry, which is both industrial and agricultural, to mature understanding of feed and to create a stronger comparative advantage. After 20+ years of accumulation in the domestic market,
The sea’s deep knowledge of efficiency and the balance created by the value of the industrial chain has truly been achieved in terms of size, depth, and flexibility, with the long-term ceiling not in tons of feed, but in terms of the value added advantage created – the area covered by it – breaking down the industrial chain. The industrial chain’s advantage has been established, entering the stage of a systematic “strategic counterattack.”
Root seedlings, feed, protection, services, internal operations management, and so on, have a platform-based and system-wide advantage. Now that the domestic script has re-emerged abroad, new regions, old rivals, and now more than ever before, and the old generation of international farmers and pastoralists, the sea has a full-scale lead.
Lately, there are still significant efficiency improvements in space and corporate comparative advantages that can be achieved in the short to medium term by leading industry efficiency improvements, increasing value levels to achieve business growth rather than in-challenging price wars, competing for eco-behaviour, guaranteeing reasonably high levels of return and a double gain.
The internationalization of talent is a scarce product that is difficult and long-cycled, while external introduction is a very test of the ability of businesses to integrate their resources. The ocean is a good post-investment management company, which is good at selecting ideas and experience for a corporate development strategy, and is responsible for building a strong business team quickly and with full trust.
The successful integration of Haida and Viet Nam's rising dragons was validated. In 2011, China acquired Viet Nam's rising dragons, officially opening the path to internationalization; the integration of the rising dragons was an important consideration, in addition to the consistency of the concept of business, and the estate of the current Director General of the Hei Dae Lilong Department was the founder of Viet Nam's rising dragons, which influenced Viet Nam's aquatic community.
Also successfully implanted and domesticated into the big sea service gene, the first company to open a service station in Viet Nam, together with the introduction of seedlings and kinetic products compatible with the promotion of the dragon farming model, and the provision of value services in the whole chain to fosterrs (forage sales in 2011 20,000 vs. 2018, 30 plus tons in 2018, and China 2024, the highest volume of aquaculture sales in Viet Nam) as a group.
“Go Out” is a prelude and a breakthrough. Synergy: Eco-cooperatives abroad are more competitive than competition, and Chinese firms tend to join forces and achieve complementarities.
By technological complementarities (e.g., joint development of ai smart body platform), production synergies (the US logistics hub in South-East Asia and South America to reduce the cost of warehousing overseas by 30%; US standards exports to circumvent America’s new tariff policy through the US Seaton Mexico base), and new paradigms for global competition.
In the process of internationalization of China, there are other medium-sized enterprises. The combination of ducks and feed and ducks in Viet Nam has led to fault competition, with the example of flat sea dragon ducks in Viet Nam and 0.3 kg/only in the same number of raising days, and the cost of raising them has been significantly reduced.
Forage effects are more pronounced, with a 50% increase in the year 2024 in marine and overseas poultry. Offshore support facilities are gradually being developed, with a full-flow wind control system of “Pre-Precautions - Controls In-Situ-Disposal” combining credit insurance, financial instruments, and compliance management, keeping receivables and exchange rate risks within affordable limits.
In terms of money, enterprises can work with export credit insurance companies to achieve targeted coverage and reduce bad debt losses in areas where consumers are more exposed to direct sales and where the risk of receivables is higher. (2) Super-plants: a one-time approach to the establishment of the finality.
On the basis of domestic snags and long-cycle placements abroad, the sea began by placing plant size and product structure in important amounts of tons, equivalent to two to three small plants, and providing a buffer window period for the development of small plants in the surrounding region with profits from the big core. Superscale plants have a natural efficiency advantage, with higher returns on post-partum assets, and we invest half a million tons of single plant size and initial capital.
With 300 million yuan measured, the return on investment after 2 to 3 years of postnatal service is 30% +. In view of the end of overseas events, the market is saturated, the efficiency advantages of big super-scale plants are expected to increase continuously the gap between the value of the industrial chain and the value of the rivals, and to achieve long-term stability in the business.
A whole-chain value model such as China is better suited to high-quality, value-oriented overseas markets, with corporate returns likely having an ecological basis in the short, medium and long term: and overseas, Chinese firms cooperate more than competitive business ecology, leading to higher rates of return. At this stage, the main regions of the sea distribution are less developed regions such as South-East Asia, Africa, and South America, where priority is being given to strengthening, nurturing and building.
These markets are still dominated by foreign capital, inefficient, and enterprises are increasing their sales better than price wars by upgrading the efficiency of the industrial chain. After 20+ years of research in the country, the sea has built up platforms and systems for seedlings, feed, motor security, services, and internal operations management.
The model has been replicated overseas. In Viet Nam, it has made initial attempts to combine cherries and duck seedlings with growth in enabling poultry, which has proved to be effective. The future industry chain-value-oriented, China-owned model is expected to be replicated gradually in every region of the world, and to hit local markets.
Success in Vietnam’s market has set the standard and the template for its global voyage, with only time and capacity-building cycles remaining. The sea has reached a new stage of medium-term growth without relying on excess capital spending, capital spending and depreciation roughly equal, free cash flows to the release period (approx. net return to the mother), and the next red mark rise can be expected, and the enterprise’s finances or will enter (roe)
Domestic markets have passed the stage that requires significant capital spending, but profits are not expected to decline. Industry concentration is now in the final stages, and the advantages of their own value chain model are expected to be gradually emerging, requiring only a small amount of money in the future.
Overseas markets create a second growth curve. The sea-wide whole-chain value model is well suited to overseas markets, with firms likely to have an ecological base in the short, medium and long term, and overseas, with Chinese firms cooperating more than competitive business ecology, making returns secure and more space for growth.
Main industries: In the light of the continued strengthening of the competitive advantage of the sea and the expansion of the sea economy, we expect the ocean industry to make profits of $8.7 billion in 2030 and capr = 18 per cent in 2024-2030. This includes domestic feed profits of $4.9 billion, cagr = 15 per cent; overseas feed profits of $2.9 billion, cagr = 23 per cent; seedling profits of $900 million, cagr = 20 per cent.
(b) Overseas markets: whole-chain patterns are out of the sea, precipitation strikes local markets, and sales growth is expected to follow the pace of productivity.
• Growing seed protection: China’s important strategic business to build the system’s advantages for the feed plate. Assuming receipt of cagr = 14% in 2024-2030, the profit rate will remain unchanged. 2. Pig breeding: company + farmer light asset model, about 6 million head in 2024, with all futures covered.
We use segment valuations. Forage companies generally extend their industrial chains, especially after cross-border pig farming, with more volatility in overall performance.
So, for the three main components of company feed, seedlings, and insurance, we refer to the company's historical valuation; for the company's pigboard, we refer to the market value of the company's pigs.
Non-pig business: China’s management has strengthened, and the domestic market has accelerated: sales abroad have grown rapidly (25h1, sales have increased rapidly, central (taking into account the company’s 2015 military pig-raising industry and the significant increase in pig production in 2018, the market has begun to give pigboards. Overall, as of 28 August, China’s market value was $999 billion, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1) Weather anomalies and diseases in farming can affect the risks of periodic fluctuations in the feed industry. The feed industry mainly serves downstream farming, where there may be fluctuations in the stocking of farms, in the number of ponds, or even in the scale of the disease, in the event of abnormal changes in natural factors, such as weather, rain, typhoons, etc., which may affect the demand for the feed, in the form of phased or regional fluctuations in demand.
2) Risk of large fluctuations in the prices of major raw materials. Forage is mainly a variety of bulk agricultural products, mainly maize and soybeans. As the internationalization of agricultural trade increases, the price changes for agricultural products are becoming more complex, and companies may face a combination of purchases if they fail to manage changes in the handling of raw materials for feed in a timely manner and to manage and control risks in a timely manner.
In recent years, the state has stepped up its efforts to combat livestock pollution, particularly by limiting the size of farming in priority water sources and surrounding areas. The impact of environmental policies on pig-breeding and scavenging industries puts existing niche firms at risk of reshuffling.
4. Risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Global purchases of raw materials for feed have become the norm, companies ' investments abroad and their operations abroad are growing rapidly, and exchange rate fluctuations in either currency may have a personal perception of the region’s business settlement costs and the value of its assets stock.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.