Performance continues, kitchen food margins improved - Golden Dragonfish (300999.sz) incident evaluation report, 30 October 2024, Golden Dragonfish issued its third quarterly report for 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn
5%), mainly because the fall in product prices affected more than the increase in sales, the prices of major products fell as soybean and soybean oil prices fell, overall sales increased by the same amount, to $334 million (71% less) in net profit for the mother and to deduct the non-mother ' s net profit.
The sales of kitchen food 2024q3 are almost equal, and profits are increasing on the same basis, mainly as a result of increased demand for business such as taste and dayliness, a robust increase in catering channels, a better growth in power-market channels, modern channels, large-scale shops, etc.
The market prices for soy oil, vegetable oil, etc. have rebounded since the second half of August, and there has been an increase in the amount of Māori for products from the catering and food industries, as well as in the flour industry.
Performance loops have improved significantly over the first half of the year. Forage feedstocks and fat technology products, sales of 2024q3 have increased on a year-on-year basis, largely as a result of the company’s apparent advantage in the distribution of feed raw materials and in the acquisition of raw materials, but the poor performance in the production of profits has led to the overall performance of the plate.
The company, as a kitchen food leader, is subject to short-term fluctuations in the cost of raw materials.
But the volume of product sales has steadily increased and the supply chain's advantages have led to a fresh start in cooking and improved, channel development continues to advance. 2024- Blue Sea, watching corporate channels sink into space for growth on a scale, with market demand.
▪ The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of study in the food and beverages industry, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.