The Nanjing Bank's top-down structure drives a continuous improvement in interest differentials, focusing on the adverse generation of upward pressure.
The performance of Nanjing Bank at the end of the first quarter is impressive, and we believe that it is reflected in the gradual recovery of companies from the throes of business restructuring. The relatively relaxed financial environment since the beginning of the year has also benefited Nanjing Bank, which is well-performing in financial markets.
▪ Structural optimization drives continuous improvement in interest differentials, focusing on poor generation, attention to the process of capital replenishment of companies.
The net profit of the Nanjing Bank increased by 14.5 per cent/15.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The increase in the revenue of the first quarter was impressive, with an increase of 20 to 30 per cent compared to the 18-year report.
There has been a marked improvement in revenue, with net interest income increasing by 5.1 per cent over the year for the first quarter. If the investment returns component is added, the combined calibre increases by 34 per cent over the same period (9 per cent in vs 18), and we believe that the better performance of the bond market in the first quarter has led to an increase in the associated returns.
Continued temperature and improvement, with an 8.8 per cent increase in the same year (2.8 per cent in vs. 18), expected contribution from credit card-related income; good growth in credit-card-related income; improvement in interest-rate differentials driven by structural optimization; 6 per cent increase in total corporate asset rings in the first quarter of the year compared to the beginning of the year; faster expansion; and continued structural preference for loans.
The loan ring grew by 8 per cent from the beginning of the year, while the loan structure continued to increase retail inputs, with retail loans growing by 11 per cent from the beginning of the year, exceeding the 8 per cent increase in public loans, and low-yield instruments falling by 26 per cent, moving to general loans.
Working together, the savings structure is largely stable at the same time as the rapid increase in size is being achieved. Optimized at both ends of the scale, the company ' s one-quarter net difference of 1.96% (1.89% of the year in vs 18) continues the trend of improvement.
We measure the impact of an increase in the rate of write-off disposal in the first quarter of the year, a drop in the coverage of the first quarter and a drop in the loan margin, taking into account the better-than-expected improvement in the company's income end of the season.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. encouraged Amin's asset quality to drop faster than expected.
The 18-yearly and 19-year-old Nanjing Bank reports a 14.5 per cent 15.1 per cent increase in net profit on the same basis as the first quarter of 2019.
The Nanjing Bank increased its net profit by 14.5/15.1% on a year-on-year basis in 18 years and 1st quarter of 19 19 years, in line with our expectations. The first quarter of revenue growth was impressive, with a 20-30% increase compared to the 18-year report. The structure shows a marked improvement in interest income and non-interest income, with a 5.1% increase in the same quarter net interest income, affected by the adjustment of the new accounting standards, part of income recognized as investment return, and thus, if the return of the investment return part, two.
With a combined calibre of 34% (9% in vs. 18), we believe that a better performance of the bond market in the first quarter, in addition to an improvement in interest differentials, has allowed Nanjing’s financial market advantage to increase the associated gains. In addition, rising corporate fees and fees continue to grow and improve, with a steady increase of 8.8% in the same year (2.8% in vs. 18), and are expected to result from a rapid increase in credit card-related income, as well as from the investment, investment, and other investments.
The bank of Nanjing grew by 6% in total asset rings in the first quarter of the year compared to the beginning of the year, and expanded by 3 percentage points to 18 years more than the same year.
12% of them continue to be structured in favour of loans, with the loan ring growing by 8% at the beginning of the year, while the loan structure continues to increase retail inputs, with retail loans growing by 11% compared to the beginning of the year, exceeding the 8% increase in public loans, and low-yield instruments falling by 26% directly and moving to general loans. Benefiting from the rapid build-up of assets, deposits grew by 13% compared to the beginning of the year, at a faster rate than those of peers, with demand deposits increasing by 10%.
A rapid increase in size has also largely stabilized the structure of the deposits. With an optimistic impact on both ends, the company ' s 1-quarter net difference of 1.96% (1.89% of the year in vs 18) has continued the trend of improvement. The Nanjing Bank ' s 1-quarter negative rate of 0.89% at the end of the quarter has remained at the same level as the 18-year limit, and we measure the company ' s annual negative rate of production ratio at the end of the quarter.
A rise of 208 bp to 2.91% has been made, while the interest-group lending rate has risen from 2 bp to 1.44% at the beginning of the year. We believe that there is a degree of pressure to monitor the banks to increase the level of bad confirmation.
The relatively liberal financial environment since the beginning of the year also benefits Nanjing’s bank, which has an advantage in financial markets. The company’s capital adequacy rate at the core level at the end of the first quarter is only 8.52%.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector. The current trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macroeconomic uncertainty remains, and economic dynamics need to be followed up closely.