The Bank of Nanjing's major shareholders have increased their confidence in development and have decided to supplement their core capital, the Bank of Nanjing's announcement, the proposed move to BNP Paribas, the investment in purple gold, the control of traffic and Jiangsu's tobacco company.
Four selected investors publicly released 1.696 billion shares, raising funds up to RMB 14 billion, which will be fully used to supplement the company’s core-level capital after deducting the related issuance costs. Large shareholders have increased their confidence in development, and regulatory support for bank refinancing has increased.
The difference between the reboot program and the old version is mainly reflected in the target increases (up to 1,696 million) and the level of funds raised (14 billion) that remain unchanged. This is a purchase increase for BNP Paribas, the Purple Investment, the Traffic Control Unit and the Jiangsu Tobacco Company.
Compared to the original plan, new entrants include BNP Paribas and Jiangsu Tobacco, whose central BNP Paribas is the company's first monolithic shareholder; investment in purple gold (the second largest shareholder) and holdings remain involved in the build-up; and the former Nanjing Goko, Pacific Life and Phoenix Lives are not involved.
With this increase, the BNP Paribas (including qfii), the proprietor of purple gold, Sioux tobacco will hold shares of 10.0% and 3.57% of the Bank of Nanjing. The company’s first shareholder will participate in the reboot of this increase, which will show a good view of the company’s future space for long-term development and help to enhance market trust.
In the short term, the increase in core capital and the stability of profitability have been supported by increased support for the recapitalization of banks since 19 years.
Guaranteeing stability of medium- and long-term profitability, Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. has greater space to display and maintain an increased rating.
: Nanjing Bank announcement, proposed to four selected investors in BNP Paribas, Purple King Investment, Traffic Holdings and Jiangsu Tobacco
Non-public distribution of 1,696 million shares, raising funds up to RMB 14 billion, all of which, after deducting the relevant issuance fees, will be used to increase the confidence of major shareholders in development, and to increase the regulatory support for bank refinancing.
And the size of the funds raised (14 billion) remains the same. The main recipients of this offer are BNP Paribas, the Purple Investment, the Traffic Control and the Jiangsu Tobacco Company, with BNP Paribas and the Jiangsu Tobacco Company, among which BNP Paribas is the company’s first sole stockholder; the Purple Investment (the second largest shareholder) and the Traffic Control Unit are still involved in the build-up; and the former.
Nanjing Goko, Yangtze, and Phoenix will not participate in this increase. As a result of this increase, BNP Paribas (including qfii) and the investment in purple gold held 13.7%, 12.3% (15.0% before the increase, 12.4%) respectively, and traffic control, Jiangsu tobacco, will hold 10.0%, and 3.57% of the shares in the Bank of Nanjing.
Consider this as a contribution to enhancing market confidence. The Nanjing Bank’s targeted increase program in 2018 was not approved, but regulatory support for bank refinancing has increased since 2019, facilitating the company’s capital replenishment efforts.
It also reflects the company’s gradual recovery from the throes of business restructuring, the pressure to adjust its liabilities, and zero. Sales shortboards have worked well and the overall business structure has been more balanced. The relatively liberal funding environment since the beginning of the year has also benefited Nanjing’s bank, which has the advantage of financial markets.
After this targeted increase, the core capital of the Nanjing Bank will be further strengthened to ensure stability in the medium- and long-term profitability. The improved regulatory environment and the continued expansion of the company’s retail transformation, the pressure on the company’s operations to adjust, and the income-side performance will be better.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s asset quality. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Uncertainty and follow-up still require close attention to the dynamics of the economy.