The first quarter of 2019, when the company became operational in the first quarter of 2019.
One billion won a loss, an increase of 148.32 per cent, and a gain of 0.02 per share.
(i) Aluminium price recovery and lower cost booster company performance
This has led to a redistribution of profits in the aluminium industry chain from the end of aluminium oxide to the end of aluminium electrolysis, which has led to a return in the profitability of the company. Moreover, the stock taken at the end of 2018, the fall in prices for sale and government subsidies, among other things, has boosted the company’s performance.
The average price of insinium was $135,42.24 per ton, a decline of 4.48 per cent compared to the previous quarter, but a contraction of 4.29 percentage points compared to the previous quarter; the higher ring price of aluminium in February and March, respectively, resulted in an increase of 3.02 percentage points to the company ' s Māori ratio of 2019q1, a rise of 1.08 per cent compared to the previous year.
The net profit from non-repatriation is $8 million, an increase of 106.88 per cent over the same period, and the large government subsidy, while taking into account non-recurring gains and losses, is a long-term substantial government subsidy for companies that are environment-friendly enterprises characterized by hydropower and aluminium, ranging from $27.1 million in 2016 to 6757 in 2018.
Ten thousand yuan, the annual growth of the subsidy, has helped to boost corporate performance. (ii) Replenishment projects such as seagulls, hydroelectric aluminium expansion and high-precision aluminum have steadily advanced to consolidate the company's growth base in the future.
The company's plans to purchase the annual net profit from the production of aluminum, aluminum oxide, alumina, and alumina, batteries, and welding aluminum, have reached $11.56 million, and after the replenishment of the aluminum aluminum seagulls has been completed, the company's plans to acquire the net profits from the salivation of the year's aluminum mining.
The company’s profits will be boosted: the holding company’s crane is going to buy an index of 190,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium from the Sant’Aluminium industry in Shanxihua, which will support the second phase of the project, which will produce about 450,000 tons of hydroelectric aluminium per year.
At present, the company produces 1.4 million tonnes/year of aluminium oxide, 600,000 tonnes/year of yeast carbon, 1.7 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production, and more than 800,000 tonnes/year of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing production.
The phase-out of priority projects such as the Soyuz II project will result in more than 3 million tonnes/year of electrolytic aluminium production, more than 800,000 tonnes/year of solar carbon production, more than 1 million tonnes/year of aluminium alloys and aluminium processing production.
Aluminium oxide production has increased; with the construction of projects such as aluminum, 35,000 tons of batteries and aluminum welding, the added value and profitability of the product, the demand for aluminium has warmed down to the start-up season and continues to support the price of aluminium in stock. And the supply and demand of the aluminium industry chain has increased.
The reversal led to the redistribution of profits from the 2019q2 industrial chain from aluminium oxide to aluminium electrolytic end, and the gradual restoration of profitable water in the electrolytic aluminium industry. The company, as the leading company in the electrolytic aluminium industry, relied on the advantage of hydropower costs, with a “recommended” rating of 29x/22x per year for the recovery of profits in the industry.
2) Aluminium downstream needs are less than expected; 3) new construction projects are less than expected.