(b) Investment rating: increase (maintenance) net profit on ecclesiastical energy decreased by 4.29 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The annual 2018 report was published on the evening of 27 June, 601699. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of 25,140 million yuan, an increase of 6.78 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company was 2,663 million yuan, a reduction in the volume of impairments affected current profits.
The growth in corporate operating income was mainly due to the green zone fluctuations in coal prices during the reporting period, the sales of the company's merchandise coal were almost at the same level as 17 years, and the overall rise in coal prices kept the company growing. During the reporting period, the company implemented a restructuring exercise to reduce and account for the company's four coal mines, in line with Shanxi Province's reduction.
The reduction is set at 757 million yuan and the non-operational reduction is expected to have a greater impact on the company ' s net profits over 18 years, leading to a decline in net profits for the current period, a 22,93 per cent increase in the company ' s net return to the parent, without taking into account a reduction in the calculation. By fraction, coal production reached 41.5 million tons, commercial coal sales reached 38.6 million tons, and operating income was 215.19
Billion dollars, an increase of 441% in the same year, a decrease of 2.15 pct in Mäori; and $3.410 billion in revenue from the coke business, an increase of 39.47% in the same year, an increase of 14.56 pct in the Mäori rate. The company's 18-year cost of selling coal increased by 8.47%. To supply large steel companies, the JCJ has achieved a sales ratio of over 80% in recent years, with future business performance.
The company's vast reserves of coal resources, more than 3 billion tons of coal, excellent quality of coal and smelting, and relatively good mining conditions, all of which are highly productive and efficient industrial wells, representing efficient, advanced and clean production capabilities within the industry and representing the most advanced capacity, are expected to blow up coal dragons in the future.
On the other hand, Shanxi has accelerated the process of setting up the Xinxian Group, the Open Source Securities Company Ltd., which was reorganized as Shanxi's leading coal company, in Shanxi, Naymon, Xinjiang, etc.
Urban Gate B, 5th floor, reserves rich coal resources, all of which are high-quality mines, some of which are classified as advanced, with an authorized capacity of more than 30 million tons in addition to the company.
Good-quality assets are expected to be injected. We see companies as coal-blowing dragons with high-quality coal resources, efficient managerial capacity, greater performance elasticity, and future assets of the Xianxian flag.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.