Integrating mine reorganisation schemes with delayed performance ejections 28/03/19 blowback valuation to be repaired
Annual report 2018: During the reporting period, companies achieved business income of 25.14 billion yuan, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in the Public Sector were 2.66 billion yuan, a decrease of 4.3 per cent over the same period; net returns to mothers after deduction were 2.65 billion yuan, a decrease of 4.5 per cent over the same period; basic shares per share were realized.
The company lost $1.11 billion in asset impairments in 2018, resulting in a net return of $2.66 billion to the mother, a decline in the coal plate: higher costs and a slight decline in profit levels. The company achieved operating income of $21.52 billion in 2108 (the main camp).
\triangleright Focal plate: The price of volume rises and profits are the best in history. The company achieved a total operating income of $3.41 billion in 2018, an increase of 39.5% over the same period, and a rise in the main factor price. The Focal Deck achieved a total of $760 million over the reporting period, an increase of nearly three times that of Māori, an increase of 14.6 percentage points over the same period.
As for sales, the company achieved 17.4 million tons of coke, an increase of 17.6 per cent over the year; 1.77 million tons of coke were sold, an increase of 18.6 per cent over the year. In terms of price and cost, the combined selling price of the company ' s coke unit was $1929 per ton, an increase of 17.6 per cent over the year; and the cost of selling the company ' s coke unit was $1498 per ton, a decrease of 1 per cent over the year.
Gradual solutions to the problem of integrating the historical legacy of the mines, which will be light-loaded in the future. Due to the greater difficulty of integrating the mines, the company, in accordance with the Executive Opinion on Promoting the Recomposition of Coal Reductions issued by the Shanxi Province Government, has gradually reduced the value of the assets of the suspended and reduced integrated mine plans in recent years, bringing together about $1.1 billion over the period 2016-2018.3 (of which $230 million was spent on large-scale plants, Fung and Ridges in 2016 and $230 million in 2017).
In 2017, 80 million yuan was allocated to five companies, such as the Great Hangu, and in 2017 $760 million to the Great Khan Gorge, and the subsequent integration of the mine plan will be significantly reduced and will be light-loaded in the future. Adjustments will be made to optimize the distribution of the coal, caramel industry, actively promote the mix and build up the stock of assets.
Building capacity in mining sites, such as Mon kilns, by actively promoting nuclear growth in production; scaling up incremental amounts and scientific planning of 5 million tonnes/year coal coke project to accelerate progress on the assumption of a 1.4 million tonnes/year 6.25m coke project to provide an impetus for subsequent company development; and, on the one hand, actively promoting mixage and implementing transformation and specialization requirements, with the intention of bringing 90 per cent of the equity of the Guafu mining industry and 49 per cent of the equity of the Angioization industry into the next 49 per cent.
Since then, Shanxi Province has stepped up its efforts to reform provincial state-owned enterprises and increase the securitization rate of the assets of the coal industry groups in the five provinces. Currently, only about 30% of the assets are securitized.
As the transformation of Shanxi progresses, it is expected that the Group’s high-quality assets will be injected into the public market and the group as a whole, when the company’s performance is measured in terms of profitability projections and investment: as the largest coal blowing industry in Shanxi province, and the only new technology enterprise in the country’s coal system, the company has some advantages in terms of the size of coal reserves, the quality of coal, and the tax rate on income tax.
The price of coal and coke has fallen sharply, macroeconomics have fallen, and the country has not improved as expected.
Year 2014: "Seller's Agency's Profit Forecasts are Accurate Third in the Real Estate Industry."
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies