The net profit ring grew in the second quarter, the sales of main products, driven by both upgrading of production capacity and upgrading of quality, increased in the second quarter of the second quarter. The production of corporate polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials in the second quarter of 2023 was 1.3 million tons, 1.07 million tons and, respectively, 1.07 million tons.
In a market environment characterized by a complex international environment and a weak recovery in the world economy, corporate sales have continued to grow, with a further increase in the share of major products in the market.
In the first half of 2023, the 250,000-ton/year tdi plant at Fujian Industrial Park was successfully driven once, while the company completed the acquisition of a part of the company’s limited share in the hugely fine chemicals industry, and the industrial layout in the northwest was based on technological innovation.
In the second half of 2023, emphasis will be placed on the construction of the first phase of the Fujian Industrial Parks Tdi II project. The company’s leadership in the polyurethane sector will be further consolidated through technological upgrading and industrial mergers and acquisitions, and the reshaping of the competitive patterns in the tdi sector.
Focusing on “micro-innovation”, which is driven by both quality upgrading and expansion of production capacity. In 2023, companies focused on technological “micro-innovation” to improve the competitiveness of the industry, and tested successful output in the first half of the year from optical-grade ms resins.
In the second half of the year, the company will focus on the development and upgrading of poe industrialization and membrane materials, the optimization of the trade in battery materials, and the development of new technologies and new products. At the same time, the company will continue to promote Ethylene II and Punley.
The construction of priority projects such as phase one, and phase two of Fujiantdi. Future technological innovation and expansion of production capacity, using market prices as a criterion on July 31, 2023, will enable companies to achieve sustainable, high-quality development.
The industry ' s leading risk-resistant capacity highlights the fact that corporate performance as a whole is in line with expectations, while product quality optimization, the Volkswagen Chemistry 20221027 project is not progressing as expected, crude oil and lpg prices are volatile and the global economy is growing at a slower rate than expected.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business Basic chemicals: chemical products