q2 q2 q2 has improved performance and new projects have steadily contributed to growth.
The company announcement began in August 2023 with the listing price of 19,500 yuan per ton of polymer mdi (up 700 ton from July): 24,300 yuan per ton of pure mdi (up 1,000 ton from July).
Polyurethane series and petrochemical series products have significantly improved their performance at supplemental prices. According to company business data, 2023h1 polyurethane production was sold at 2,46 million tons or 23,500 tons, a significant increase compared to last year ' s 2.15 million or 2.07 million tons; and petrochemical series sales were sold at 2.25 million or 6.84 million tons, respectively.
The sale of chemical products has increased by 1.24 million tons and 3.67 million tons, respectively, and the ring q1 has decreased compared to the same period last year, but production and sales have increased, especially in the last two quarters.
"The first half of the year, the company completed the acquisition of Cyclops and Chemicals Co. Ltd. for the fourth round of price hikes in the year" - 2023/07/30
The Department’s industrial profile in the north-west has further increased the competitiveness of the company’s tdi industry. In a context of output shocks and a slowdown in demand, companies insist on synergies in production and distribution, product structural optimization, and reduced efficiency gains: on the other hand, strengthening domestic and international and interregional resource channelling has led to a reduction in the number of products produced.
Low price shocks, optimization of logistics costs, and enhanced market influence. As the market price of polyurethane products rose in August, the company’s follow-up performance continued to be repaired.
The plates include the Department of Functional Chemicals, the Department of New Materials, the Department of Surface Materials, the Department of High-Purpose Polymerics, Batteries and Technology, and Electronic Materials, respectively.
In the future, the company will focus on the development of high-performance materials and on the upgrading of the poe industrialization and membrane materials, which will open up the company's long-term space and build new products through continuous process optimization and new technologies, new product development, and continuous expansion.
High-intensity capital supports long-term growth. By 2023, q2. The construction of the company had reached $43.96 billion, a further increase from $37.60 billion at the beginning of the year.
Priority projects, such as ellipse, are expected to continue to contribute to the increase. With sustained high capital spending, the public-sector industrial cluster is growing, and new material operations are expected to grow in volume and gradually enter the harvest period.q2 Performance rings are improving, and new projects are steadily contributing to growth.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies making science, technology and innovation their first core competitiveness, continuously optimizing the industrial structure, covering polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new material clusters; working towards more competitive products and integrated solutions for global clients, developed
q2 performance rings improved, and new projects steadily advanced growth institutes.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.