Rehabilitated performance for the second quarter, new production can grow on a sustainable basis Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) on the night of July 27, 2023, W.W. Chems, semi-annual report 2023, first half of the year
• Increases in the sale of main products and a fall in prices, and improvements in the performance ring in the second quarter. Sales of company-owned products are on the rise, but prices are on the decline. 2023q2, conglomerates 9.32/+7.89 per cent, while the decline in the petrochemical production ring ratio is mainly due to the overhaul of the ethylene device, but it is not.
The effect on sales is 124,369,000 tonnes of polyurethane/pessilization/new materials, respectively, and after storage, the average price has fallen to varying degrees in the second quarter, with a reduction in polymer mdi/tdi/butylacetic acid.
At an average price of $935.1 per ton for 2023q2, $6820.02, $510.76 per ton for downstream raw materials, a high export value for mdi and a need for gradual repair up to 2023.07.27 for powered coal (q:5500) Qin, pure benzene, propane cp
We believe that the price volatility of raw materials will gradually decrease in the future. In Europe, when production of production units is down, supply is limited, and exports of domestic polymer mdi/tdi have been reduced for the first half of the year.
Maintained high, 2023q2 polymer mdi/tdi exports of 29.778.12 million tons respectively, ring ratio overall demand weak, but in the process of gradual repair, domestic refrigerator/creak/car output share in June Warming season plus remodelling of the real-estate village, in the context of the overall oligopoly of mdi, no
There's still little room for the price of mdi. Polyurethane + new materials can be produced gradually, and future performance can grow over time.
Taiwan’s giant, future mdi, tdi supply patterns are expected to continue to improve, with a greater price elasticity after the recovery of demand. The 200,000-ton poe and 48,000-ton lemon ellipse and derivatives projects are expected to come into production in 2024, when the lemonde, vitamin, and spice chains will be connected.
By increasing capital spending on new energy plates and increasing the price of net mdi in June, it is expected that the entire industry chain will be closed for salt lake lithium, material manufacturing, and resource recovery in the future.
3. A significant improvement in the performance of the quarter, new materials, progressive production, company three-in-one deployments, multiple projects, and continued performance in the future.
(b) New material projects, etc., are accelerating and are expected to continue to have high capital investments in the future, with a performance hub with (1) the risk that project construction will not progress as expected; (2) the risk that project approval will not progress as expected;
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.