The second quarter started to improve, and the demand recovery performance was expected to rise, and the underlying chemical industry and chemical products took advantage of the synergies between the industrial chain layout and the global supply chain, and the second quarter started to improve operations.
Semi-annual Report 2023: A slowdown in demand in the polyurethane sector in Europe and the United States, a recession in domestic real estate, and a gradual recovery in the petrochemical sector due to high global oil and gas prices, geopolitical instability, slowdown in economic growth, etc.: new production in the petrochemical sector is still in a period of intensive release and demand is not recovered
s098005120002 Reverse marketing strategy for sinking, rooting, co-winnering: 2023h1, HDMC marketed polyurethane series, petrochemical series, fine chemicals and new materials series
727.20 million RMB The recent PUR operation has been warming, and the new applications of PUR materials have continued to be actively explored in Mandu. Global PUR market demand has largely remained at the same level in the first half of 2023, and the ring ratio has recovered;
The global demand for polyurethane is recovering and the industry is warming up as a result of the slowdown in demand in Europe and America, and the recession in domestic real estate. On the tdi side, Wanhua Fukuji installed 100,000 tons of tdi, which was shut down in early February 2023 and added 250,000 tons of new devices in May 2023, and
It has acquired 15 + 80,000 tons (Xinjiang and Mountain Power plus Smoking Power). Technically, Huenhua has continued to optimize the process for devices such as mdi, tdi, hdi, etc., and has steadily expanded its petrochemical and fine-chemical industries, actively promoting new materials and new energy sources.
Business continues to be based on the sale of excellent products and the promotion of efficiency; fine chemicals, new materials, etc., are the public domain.
“Men China Chemistry (600309.sh) - Excellence in operating management deepens the global layout, completes and upgrades of membrane materials, batteries through continuous process optimization and new technologies, new products.” “Men China Chemistry (600309.sh) - Still growing in reverse, building global I”
In addition, the company's deployment of nuclear power, photovoltaics, etc., will provide a reliable and advanced version of the Mandarin Science (600309.sh) - Māori Underperformance, with a reversible response to energy innovation. We firmly believe that the company will be built.
Volkswagen Chemistry (600309.sh) - Decreasing effects will contribute to high-quality development and will further strengthen the competitiveness of the world-class Chemical New Materials Corporation as a large chemical company. Investment proposal: maintain a “buy-in” rating. We expect the company to return to its mother's net profit share in 2023-2025.
Keeping the “buy-in” rating. Still keeping the “buy-in” rating, keeping the balance between the industrial chain layout and the global supply chain, keeping the “buy-in” rating.
On the evening of July 27, 2023, the Mandarin Chemical Disclosure, Biannual Report 2023: The slowdown in demand for the polyurethane sector in Europe and America, the housing situation in the country, and the gradual recovery of demand, as a result of high global oil and gas prices, geopolitical instability and a slowdown in economic growth; and new production capacity in the petrochemical sector, which is still in a period of intensive release and demand
In the first six months of 2023h1, the sum of 87,626 million yuan and 31.05 per cent of the sum of the total revenues of the CFW. 2023h1, the total amount of the CFW marketed polyurethane series, petrochemical series, fine chemicals and the new total, has declined in the first half of 2023.
However, a counterproductive marketing strategy of sinking channels, rooting for sales, and co-winning has taken full advantage of the synergies between industry, chain layout, and global supply chains. Two hundred and twenty-threeh1, multi-product technologies such as Van Hwajimdi, tdi, etc. have been built into production, and multi-product technologies such as pc have been expanded to produce and sell at the same rate.
100,000 tons of tdi devices were shut down in early February 2023 and 250,000 new units were added in May 2023, and 15 + 80,000 tons of smoke station megacapacity have been acquired (Xinjiang and Yamada megapower, Xinjiang chemical power, Xinhua chemical power, 47.81 per cent of the huge power, and Xanhua and its co-activators, Ning Bo-dung, will together hold 67.81 per cent of smoke station power).
In addition, with regard to fine chemicals, the company ' s business closely follows key target clients and actively develops non-traditional regional operations and sales increases; with the introduction of the company ' s biphenola project, the entire chemical pc industry chain is better equipped and the market share and profitability are further enhanced; and the company is steadily moving towards Poe, Lemon ellipse,
In future projects, companies will continue to promote priority projects such as Ethylene II, Penglai I, and Fujiantdi II. In the first half of 2023, the quality of company tdi products rose to industry leaders.
The auto-research technology accelerates the transformation of results, the Fujian tdi device has been successfully driven, and the optical-grade ms resins have been tested to produce qualified products.
In addition, Huohua Chemistry has continued to expand its cooperation with higher educational institutions in the field of production and research, and has developed forward-looking disciplines. In the first half of the year, the company applied for 363 national and international patents on inventions and 473 new patents on inventions.
The long-term value of the company will not be changed by short-term performance cycles, and in the future, the MCP business will continue to focus on mdi, tdi, with a focus on enhancing polyether, modified mdi and supporting platform capabilities, and maintaining a single set of large, large units.
At the same time, corporate strategic planning for new materials, new energy sources, has led to positive progress on a number of priority projects. We firmly believe that companies will build up a global gamut of chemical giants to become global first-class chemical material companies.
Polyurethane operations: Long-term mdi demand will continue to grow steadily and, given the cost of polyurethane, prices in the domestic pure benzene market have continued to rise in recent times. As of 27 July 2023, the main market in East China had averaged 6790 yuan/tonne, an increase of 200 yuan/tonne over last week ' s average price, an increase of 3.03 per cent.
On the supply side, according to the MOFA, the time for the re-opening of the Shanghai h plant is still to be determined, the Shanghaib plant is back in operation, the Fujian plant is running low load, the other parts of the country are running low, the overall supply has increased; with regard to overseas installations, a German plant has been severely damaged by electrolysis of the vagina, mdi
Force majeure occurred on the day 12.7 of the device and the recovery time is not known; the 350,000 tonnes/year mdi unit at a Hungarian plant began parking repairs and performance modifications on 18 July 2023, and the technical modifications will be upgraded to 400,000 tonnes/year, with an expected repair time of about 80 days; the load of the other units is not volatile and overseas
On the demand side, the low season has not ended, with downstream industries buying on demand, with low short-term willingness to store raw materials. On the aggregatemdi, the domestic polymer mdi market has increased from the medium- and long-term demand of mdi, which, according to covestro, has continued to demand global mdi over the last 10 years.
Rate increases. We see that medium- and long-term mdi supply and demand patterns are still good. The extension of non-aldehyde furniture will give rise to mdi needs.
In the field, in recent years, the new polyurethane applications have been continuously cultivated and explored by the Mandarin chemical industry: the world ' s first continuous production of non-alcohyde plywood, which is largely stable, has accelerated the upgrading of downstream industries and has completed the laying of five polyurethane surfaces; and the development of experimental polyurethane hard bubble recovery techniques has been successful and is being advanced in cooperation with the refrigerator tap enterprise.
Figure 5: Changes in polymer mdi prices and price differentials Figure 6: Changes in pure mdi prices and price differentials
April 8, 2022: The company intends to build a project for the integration of new high-performance materials and accompanying projects at the Huanhua Chemical Plumbing Industrial Park through its controlled subsidiary, Huanhua Chemical (Punley), with a total investment of 23.1 billion yuan. The project is planned for the period 2022 to 2025. On December 13, 2022, Huanhua Chemistry.
In recent years, the company's sales of petrochemicals have increased significantly. In the company's strategy, petrochemical first-stage products continue to strengthen industry head suppliers through structural optimization.
In 2022, the Wanhua Penglai project began its work. We're looking at the company's business model of deep-cultivation of lpg/finylene, gradually becoming a cluster of major petrochemical industries. In the first half of 2023, the rate of output shocks and demand growth slowed down.
Against the background of consistent synergies in production and marketing, optimized product structure, and reduced efficiency gains, on the one hand, and enhanced domestic and international and interregional resource channelling, on the other, to reduce price shocks, optimize logistics costs and enhance market influence, on the other hand, breakthroughs have been made in the areas of fine chemicals and new and emerging materials to continue the industrialization process.
In 2022, the company (1) Functional Chemicals Industry Department: the dodi business seized the opportunity to expand its market share and continuously expand its global strategic client share. (2) The surface materials industry, with its record sales of water resin, is leading the industry in a number of areas such as car interiors, glues, shoes, plastics, wood paints, high-end industrial paints, high-end building materials, etc. (3).
With regard to the New Materials Enterprise, the company has achieved a sustained increase in total sales of tpu, with a breakthrough in critical technology and serial production of tpu clothing products. The high-performance polymer industry has achieved an increase in sales revenue, the net pc market share of the country has entered three years before it became the country’s first company with a high silicon content pc, and the export of pc products abroad has increased significantly for the fourth year in a row.
During the first half of 2023, company-adi operations closely followed key target clients, actively developed non-traditional regional operations and increased sales; with the launch of the company ' s biphenola project, the entire chemical pc industry chain was better equipped and market shares and profitability increased: companies steadily advanced the process of industrialization of new and emerging operations such as poe, lemon ellipse, spices, etc.
Investment advice: maintain the “buy-in” rating. Short-term cycle fluctuations do not change the company’s long-term value, and we firmly believe that the company will build up a global workforce that will become the world’s leading new material production base.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them