China Yangjiang Power, market leader of the largest hydroelectric power station in the world, Yangjiang Power, China (600900ch)
Market leader with the largest hydroelectric power station in the world, 11 May 2020, for the first time.
▪ China's Yangtze Power (60090ch) has the world's largest installed hydroelectric power plant, which is a domestic oligopoly with strong cash flow and high spread rates, which should be favoured by investors in volatile markets.
China ' s Yangjiang Power (Hangjiang Power), or company: Leader of the oligopolistic market. China ' s hydroelectric power plants are operated largely by domestic companies because of national security problems. Most hydroelectric plants are operated by state-owned enterprises (soes). Among the state-owned enterprises, China ' s Yangjiang Power (Hangjiang Power) operated 13% of the total installed capacity of the national hydroelectric power plant at the end of 2019:
It also operates the three gorges, the world’s largest hydroelectric power plant. It is located on China’s largest and longest river, the Yangtze River, and holds an absolute geographical advantage.
First-line access: 2) The no-connected electricity subsidy reflects a more real rate of cash recovery. The average rate of distribution of Yangtze electricity in 2009-09 was about 50%, thanks to higher operating cash flows and free cash flows during that period. We believe that its strong cash-generation capacity will be favoured by investors in volatile markets.
The delivery of the Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations will increase the capacity of the Yangtze power generation by 22 per cent/29 per cent in 2020. The Utungde power station will be built in 2014 and will become commercially operational in 2020. The new power station will increase the capacity of the Yangtze power generation by 10.2 gigawatts, bringing the total installed capacity of the Yangtze electricity in 2020 to 55.7 gigawatts.
In addition, the White Crane Beach power station is scheduled to start commercial operations in 2021 (construction started in 2008), which will add a new installed capacity of 16 gigawatts to the Yangtze Power, increasing the total installed capacity of the Yangtze Power to 71.7 kW by 2021 (with risks: (1) widespread drought will affect power generation; (2) construction risks; and (3) high net debt will raise interest in stock market pooling by 2021.
1. According to data from the International Hydropower Association (iha), by the end of 2018, China had 352 JW of installed hydropower capacity, which was fully occupied.
At the end of 2018, China had a new capacity of 8.5 GW, well beyond 3.9 GW in Brazil and 2.5 GW in Pakistan. For the foreseeable future, China will continue to have the world’s first hydropower capacity.
In China, Yangtze power is the largest hydroelectric operator, with a total installed capacity of 45.5 kW and a new capacity of 26 kW. According to iha, five of the Yangtze electric power plants are ranked among the world’s 12 largest hydropower stations, with three of the three gorges ranked first in the world.
2. China ' s Yangjiang Power: China ' s leader in an irreplaceable oligopolistic market is, for reasons of national security, largely operated by Chinese companies - foreign companies are not allowed to operate hydroelectric power stations in China. Moreover, because of the need for adequate resources and experience to operate hydroelectric plants and the need for substantial initial investment, most of them
By the end of 2019, among the state-owned enterprises, the Yangtze electricity in China controlled 13 per cent of the country’s hydroelectric capacity; the company also controlled the three gorges, the world’s largest hydroelectric power station.
Geographical advantage: The Yangtze River is the longest river in China, and its basins and flows are the largest in the country. Controlling the largest hydroelectric power station in the strategic region means that the Yangtze Power has assets that other competitors cannot match.
There is no potential alternative source of energy: hydroelectric power is China’s cheapest energy at the cost of electricity, because it is “fee-free” in nature. Unlike other alternative energy sources (e.g. wind and solar), there is no potential at cost.
Alternative energy sources can replace hydropower (because nuclear power costs are higher). 3. Hydropower does not have a subsidy for electricity, which means that local governments do not have to bear the financial burden because of the very low cost and clean nature of electricity generation, hydropower is the most favoured energy source in China.
The lowest cost of electricity on the Internet is 0.24 kWh (excluding taxes), plus 0.34 kWh/kWh for coal combustion, 0.36 kWh/kWh for nuclear power, 0.48 kWh/kWh for wind power and 0.7 kWh/kWh for solar energy. The main reason is that there is no fuel cost for hydroelectric power generation, which is dependent on heavy rains and floods, and the cost of electricity generation is mainly depreciated. The low cost of electricity generation is critical because of local governments.
Hydropower is an energy source for sustainable development that is not geopolitically affected. Hydropower is an energy source for sustainable development because of the heavy rains and river flooding that take place in China during the summer.
More importantly, water is an energy source (as opposed to coal and oil), which means that it is strategically safe. Oil, gas, and coal transport can be affected by geopolitical situations, such as the Persian Gulf crisis, and tensions between countries that may affect air, land, or sea transport.
Hydropower has a priority right to access, especially during the glimmer period, which is crucial for hydroelectric power generation - if electricity is not consumed within a short period of time after the generation of hydropower, it will be wasted. Summer is China’s lull period, so the dam has to flood during this period.
The energy generated will be wasted. Like nuclear power (which, because of a non-stop nuclear fission reaction, could cause a nuclear explosion if forced to shut down), electricity and water also have preferential access rights, so water and water disposal rates are close to zero, while wind power is 5%, and priority access is important, especially in cases where national electricity demand is low, as it ensures that businesses collect.
6. Yangtze Power: The company with a strong cash flow and a high rate of distribution usually has a strong cash flow, because 1) with priority access to the national electricity grid, it is easier to cancel: 2) no-connected electricity price subsidies really reflect the cash flow generated by electricity sales by the power generating companies.
We believe that its strong cash-generation capacity will be favoured by investors in volatile markets. Figure 7: The rate of interest distribution of Yangtze electricity over the last decade (2009-2019)
China’s south-west hydropower resources are abundant, especially in the south-west (e.g. Yunnan, Sichuan, Guizhou, etc.). The topography of the hills makes the river bed highly different, making it easier to create lags.
The river size: in China, the Yangtze River is the longest river, the basins and flows are the largest, followed by the Juju River, which is much smaller in all respects than the Yangtze River. With the exception of the two main rivers, the Heilong River and the Yaru Tibetan River are in third place and in third place.
China has the highest hydropower capacity in the world, with a large number of hydropower stations. The Yangtze Power has four large power stations with installed capacity of more than 10 gigawatts, namely, the three main isthmus: White Crane Beach, River Rhodes, and Utunde.
These are Yangjiang Power, China Electric Group, China Tang Group, China Energy Group, China Power Group, China Power Company, and China Power Company, which show that the main competition is in these enterprises.
In other words, 37% of the technology development resources are available for future development. Figure 9: China’s competitors in the hydropower sector are mainly state-owned enterprises (2018)
Figure 10: Technically exploitable resources for hydropower in China (2018) abcisecurities companyymitted Figure 12: Hydropower plants with top 20 installed capacity in China (light green hydroelectric plants operated by Yangtze power)
The delivery of the Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations will increase the capacity of the Yangtze electric power by 22 per cent in the year 2020 and 29 per cent in the year 2020, bringing the total installed capacity of the Yangtze electric power to 55.7 GW in the year 2020 (22 per cent in the same year). The new installed capacity of the Giva will increase the total installed capacity of the Yangtze electricity to 71.7 GW in the year 2021 (29 per cent in the same year).
Since the new installed capacity (Udongde power station will be operational in 2020) will take time to debug to achieve maximum utilization, and given the decline in electricity demand as a result of the new crown pneumonia pandemic, we expect that the total number of hours spent on the Yangtze electric power in 2020 will be 3,984, a 14 per cent decline in the same year. In 2021, despite the recovery in China’s electricity demand, new investments at the White Crane Beach power station were made.
Production may slow down overall utilization hours, because it takes time to debug to achieve maximum utilization. So, we estimate the total number of hours spent on electricity in the Yangtze River to be 3,853, a decrease of 3.3 per cent from the previous year, which will improve by 2022, as the two power stations continue to increase their utilization rates.
With the delivery of Utungde and White Crane Beach power plants in 2020 and 2021, the hydroelectric capacity of the Yangtze River power generation can be expected to increase strongly over the next few years. We expect a total of 22.2 billion kWh in 2020, an increase of 5% over the same year, mainly because of the time it takes for the first year of the Utun German power plant to increase its utilization. By 2021 and 2022, total electricity generation will have increased significantly, by the same year.
Historically, the net debt ratio for Yangtze power has changed over 40-80% of the districts, with the net debt ratio remaining at around 50% for most of the time skyrocketing to 90% and 104%. We believe that these new power plants will generate strong cash flows for Yangtze electricity in the long run and will help companies to reduce the net debt rate to 50% in the long run.
Utungde and White Crane Beach power stations will be operational in 2020 and 2021, which will increase the total installed capacity by 22 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively. Pushing up financing costs and operating costs (where depreciation is a key component). Therefore, we estimate that the adjusted net profits (net profits net of impairment losses and changes in the fair value of assets) will be realized in the Yangtze Power in 2020 and in 2021 and 2022.
Figure 18: Revenue outlook for Yangtze electricity Chart 19: Adjusted net profit outlook for Yangtze electricity We use cash flow models to assess Yangtze electricity assets because the cash flow generated by hydropower assets is comparable in the long term
International Hydropower Company averages), while the equity risk premium is 9.74%. Our cash flow model analysis shows the equity price, and we consider several international hydropower operators across the country and globally: Hong Kong and China: according to the Bloomberg market estimates, the average market gain rate for the year 2020 is currently in Hong Kong and China for listed hydropower operators.
In terms of the net rate of the city, the average is 1.5 times; and in terms of the market of Bloomberg, the average market surplus for the year 2020 is currently 21.8 times that of the international municipal utility operator, which is 1.5 times that of the city.
We believe that Yangtze power, the world’s largest hydroelectric operator with a three-thousand power station, will continue to be a leader in the industry. Moreover, Yangtze power has a very strong cash flow and a high spread rate (63% average distribution rate in 2009-19), which investors should prefer in the face of market swings.
Yangtze power should be considered a top hydropower operator with a higher valuation than its domestic and global counterparts. Its world’s largest hydroelectric power station (the Three Gorges) will continue to make it out of its peers, while the new power station is on the move (Utundde and White Crane Beach).
Figure 21: Summary of the net rate of the Yangtze Power City, a wide-scale drought will hit the power generation of the Yangtze Power, which depends on rainfall and water resources. Water resources will vary from year to year in China. A widespread drought in China will affect water.
Storage of resources and containment of power generation. The most recent event, in 2013, saw a 14 per cent decline in hydroelectricity from the Yangtze electric power generation year-on-year, resulting in a 17.3 per cent decrease in the company ' s net profit year-on-year, and delayed delivery of new power plants will affect cash flow.
Any delay in the operational date of the new power stations (e.g., Utungde and White Crane Beach) will affect the cash flow of the Yangtze electricity. Moreover, the delay in the construction will exacerbate the financial cost and weaken the balance sheet position of the Yangtze electricity.
In the short term, with the exception of Utunde and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants, China has no significant scope to expand hydropower capacity, and most of China’s hydropower stations are located on rivers. We believe that China’s hydropower resources are unlikely to support another scale.
In addition, the long construction cycle of the hydroelectric plant (5-10 years) would make it unlikely that the Yangtze power would expand its installed capacity in a short period of time. Damage caused by an accident could lead to a shutdown of the hydroelectric plant, even with catastrophic consequences.
Any damage caused by earthquakes, typhoons, or accidents may result in the suspension of the power station. In the event of serious damage, the water stored on the rear of the dam will spill out into the downstream areas, flooding cities, towns, and villages.
The Yangtze power plant is the largest hydroelectric operator in China, with a capacity of 45.5 kW and a capacity of 26.2 kW. The main asset is located in the largest river in China. The Yangtze power plant operates the world’s largest hydroelectric power station, the Three Gorges.
City (Hubei province). In terms of installed capacity, it is the largest hydroelectric power station in the world. The Goji dam hydroelectric power station, which began operating in 1988, has a installed capacity of 2.74 GW and is located in the Yangtze River (central and lower) and the dam hydroelectric power station, which began operating in 2012, has a installed capacity of 6.4 GW and is located in the Qingsha River (upstream of the Yangtze River).
Runway Water Station: Started operations in 2013; installed capacity 13.86 GW; located in Jinsha River (upstream of Yangtze River); White Crane Beach Hydroelectric Station: under construction; expected to be operational in 2021; installed capacity 16 GW; located in Jinsha River (upstream of Yangtze River).
Utungde hydroelectric power station: under construction; expected to be operational by 2020; installed capacity of 10.2 GW; located in the Jinsha River (upstream of the Yangtze River).
Figure 24: Ghez Dam Hydropower Station Figure 25: Hydroelectricity to Home Dams Figure 26: Hydroelectricity to River Creek
Figure 27: White Crane Beach Hydropower Station (under construction) Figure 28: Utungde Power Station (under construction) Figure 29: Yangtze Powered Hydroelectric Station along Yangtze
Figure 30: Location and height of the Yangtze electric power plant is the first major shareholder in the tri-gorge group in China, with 62.27% of the Yangtze electricity. The Sichuan Energy Investment Group and the Yunnan Energy Investment Group each hold 4.00% of the shares.
In addition to the Energy Corporation, the Life Safe Insurance Corporation and the China Securities and Finance Corporation own 4.49 per cent and 2.99 per cent shares, respectively.