The company's performance has been stable. In 2019, the company's water supply fell significantly short of expectations and the value-added tax (VAT) was returned.
China’s largest hydroelectric company, China’s electricity and water company, has maintained its steady performance. In 2019, 12,6318 million cubic metres of water came from the water reservoir at the creek, a decline of 19.75% compared to the previous year, and 4,314.24 million cubic metres of water came from the water reservoir at the Trinity, a decline compared to the previous year.
In the first quarter, 16,522 million cubic metres of water came from the streaming reservoir, which is 12.47 per cent dead compared to the same period in the previous year, and the effect of pneumonia in the three new houses, which generated 35,294 million degrees of electricity, a decrease of 2.44 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, with the company 2019-09-04 issuing a 5-year debt of 2 billion yuan.
The first quarter net return to the mother was $2,290 million, a decrease of 21.54 per cent over the same period in the previous year. It was mainly due to the volatility of the share price of traded stock investments. The net return to the mother net profit, net of non-recurring gains and losses, was $2.739 billion, which led to an increase in the market value of the company as a result of the growth in the earnings of each share of the new fleet that was injected into the company.
The impact of the model and the future development space of the industry, the current business model of the hydropower industry, the hydropower, the 25.35 per cent share of the energy available in Hubei (000883.sz) are also becoming more saturated and there is no greater room for imagination. In this case, the company's new aircraft is being launched.
The level of profitability of the Guangzhou Development (600098.sh) group, 19.96% of negotiable shares, determines the performance of the company’s shares in the market.
Once built, the company will generate an additional 38.9 billion and 62.4 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity per year, which is 50% of the annual electricity generated by the company now. The company is expected to grow less per share of its revenue than in the Utunds and cranes, as a result of the expansion of electricity marketization, increased investment in electricity and future equity financing.
Utunde, the White Crane Beach machine has a significantly lower price than expected. East’s financial and intellectual boom.
The company’s performance remained stable last year and the first quarter of this year. The company’s performance remained stable in 2019, against a background of a significant shortfall in water availability and the expiration of the expected value-added tax (VAT) return.
The water coming from the streaming reservoirs of 12,631.8 million cubic metres in the year was 19,75 per cent dead compared to the same period in the previous year, and the water coming from the water reservoirs of the Trinity was 5.59 per cent dead compared to the same period in the previous year; while the company ' s performance remained stable, with 21.5 billion degrees of electricity generated in 2019, roughly the same as last year ' s 215.5 billion degrees, attributable to the effects of the mother ' s pneumonia epidemic and 35,294 million degrees less than the same period in the previous year, with a net profit from the first quarter of the company being 2,290 million yuan.
The value of the company’s valuation is largely influenced by business patterns and the future development space of the industry, the current business model of the hydropower sector remains unchanged, and the market for hydropower development is becoming more saturated, with no greater room for imagination. In this case, the company’s valuation is largely influenced by business patterns and the future development space of the industry.
The profitability of the new loaders determines the performance of the company’s stock in the market. In the future, Utund and White Crane Beach hydroelectric plants will bring the company an additional 38.9 billion and 62.4 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity annually, equivalent to 50% of the company’s current annual electricity generation. With the impact of increased power marketization, increased investment in decomposition and future equity financing, the company’s per share is expected to increase less than the increase in electricity generation, and the company’s share is expected to be noted in Utund and White Crane Beach fleets.
The price of electricity from the region-wide hydropower to the provinces and autonomous regions for the marketing of electricity is the price of electricity on the Internet plus the price of electricity from the region-wide transmission, i.e., the price of electricity on the ground. The trade is in the form of a pool of competitive prices in which the companies involved are mainly the local electric power companies, the local hydroelectric power industry and the trans-regional electricity-generating enterprise, with the largest amount of electricity in the country last October.
The Court issued the Guidance on Reforming the Mechanisms for Deepening Coal-fired Electricity Interconnection Prices, which provides that companies that are newly involved in electricity market-based transactions will have no more than 10 per cent of the price of the local coal-fired poles and a minimum 15 per cent of the price of the downfalls in the company's current electricity provinces. We found that the price of the fall in electricity in the provinces where the electricity is delivered is more than 15 per cent higher than the price of the coal-fired poles in the provinces where the power-fired enterprises are concentrated.
Sichuan and Yunnan have some scope for a decline in Internet access, but the share of electricity consumed in these provinces is small. The current prices are higher than those on the local market, and the current prices for dams and distribution are 0.3817 kWh in Sichuan and Yunnan, and 0.3532 kWh/kW.
The electricity price plus the transmission and distribution price is 0.3817 kWh in Sichuan and Yunnan, 0.38081 kWh in Yunnan, while the trade price in Sichuan and Yunnan electricity markets is only 0.194 kWh and 0.18075 kWh in Sichuan and 5.07% kWh in Sichuan.
Table 1: Levels of electricity prices for the tri-thmus machines, source of financial prosperity in the East, depth of security reports.
Table 2: Price levels of the Goji dam unit, Table 3: Price levels of the domestic dam unit
Table 4: Comparison of current electricity prices for the dam fleet with those for the Sichuan Yunnan market.
Table 6: Level of the right-handside electricity price of the River Lodger Unit Table 7: Comparison of the current electricity price of the River Lodger Unit with that of the Sichuan Yunnan market considering participation in the electricity market exchange, which should be comparable to that of Utund, White Crane Beach.
There is a good chance that the Uttar Pradesh team will be involved in some or all of the electricity market transactions, allowing the market to determine the price of electricity on the Internet. The electricity market transactions are divided into five types, namely, annual, annual, contract, monthly, power trading, power power trading, Southwest Fuyu hydroelectric trading, of which only Sichuan and Guangxi provinces have southwest surplus hydroelectric trading.
Electricity is stable and should be involved in the annual COA electricity trade. At present, the company is involved in the annual COA electricity trade in Shanghai and Zhejiang. In Guangdong, the market-based electricity trade is determined on a monthly basis with a weighted price difference, and it is not directly involved in the market trade.
In Guangdong, Guangxi, Zhejiang and Jiangsu, the company's Internet access prices are equal to the current price of 0.363 kWh, 0.3236/kWh, 0.3000 kWh and 0.2862/kWh.
East's financial and intellectual source of electricity (6009000): Geometry of the hydropower tycoon 4. The new crew has invested slightly less than the already loaded crew.
The new unit is invested for a long period of time, with a higher degree of depreciation than the current fleet. The unit's infusion takes into account the cost of money, given the long period of time during which the unit has invested in large-scale construction, and the large cost of its own dynamic and static investments. We assume that the capital of the new unit is 20% of the total static investment, in 2022, in 2023, in accordance with our water and electricity investment practices, and in accordance with the characteristics of the investment in the progress of the hydroelectric project.
The financial cost of the entire project was assessed using the asset base method. The value of the Utund fleet at the time of the acquisition was approximately $41,378 million, and the White Crane Beach fleet was approximately $1 billion. After the two fleets became operational, the Utund fleet was depreciated by $3,707 million annually, the Maori rate was 46.04 per cent, the White Rock fleet was depreciated by $5,610 million, the Maori rate was 49.73 per cent, and the company as a whole by 57.6 per cent.
Financial cost = pre- and post-generation costs of the first unit + post-generation costs of the first unit
Compared with comparable water and electricity assessment cases, the interest factor for the company ' s Utund, White Crane Beach, was 22.79 per cent and 25.60 per cent, slightly higher than the comparable acquisitions. Table 10: Comparison of interest factors for the Utund, White Rock and other fleets.
Utunde, White Crane Beach, River Rover.
Table 11: Anticipated assets and annual depreciation of Utungde, White Crane Beach and Utunde and White Crane Beach crews
We do not think that a private, targeted increase in the company would alter the firm's absolute ownership of the tri-false group, and the Utunde group's acquisition was dominated by the issuance of debt.
With this in mind, we believe that the tri-gorge group will not give up its absolute ownership of the company. On this premise, the company’s equity increase would be 3 billion shares, or 12% of the total stock increase, and the stock share of the major shareholder tri-gorge group would have fallen from 57.92% to 50.97%.
According to our calculations, Utonde's fleet has an interest value of around $41,378 million, and the company's net operating cash flow is around $39 billion a year, of which the dividends are $19 billion, leaving $20 billion, and the company needs loans, short-term, long-term bonds, or a targeted increase of $20 billion to purchase Utonde's interests. We think Utund will take the initiative to issue debt to purchase assets, mainly Utund, and then the company's operating income will be realized.
This would increase by 19.8%, and despite the decline in Maori and the overall rise in financial costs, there would be 10% growth in corporate profits, amounting to 1.12% per share, which would help to boost the company’s market value, allowing the same amount of equity to be released in the future when stocks are released out of public interest to raise more money. Around 22 billion yuan in dividends, leaving 23 billion yuan in dividends, companies would need to borrow, find bonds, or target an additional $42 billion in purchases.
But given the company’s relatively high level of investment in recent years, especially its fast-paced distribution of electricity, a portion of the investment is needed. In this case, we believe that the company will consider using targeted increases for the brandy company’s acquisition, and that the company’s business income is expected to rise by 24.2% after the acquisition of the white crane beach unit has been completed, although depreciation has risen, Maori has declined, and financial costs have risen overall.
There's a 9.3% growth space for corporate profits, with a gain of 1.22 per share. But if the shares are distributed in a closed stock, they will be spread to 1.09, which is about 2.9% lower than before the injection, and each share is basically stable.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings add value to the company, which is a stable utility leader, stable, with a high dividends rate, and, guided by the company's investment rating, we believe that the company will perform better than the market benchmark index (300 deep) by 5-15 per cent, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The cost of the Utunde, the White Crane Beach unit is significantly higher than expected, and the price of the Utund and the White Crane Beach unit is significantly lower than expected. The source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity is the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the research assistant brief, Shen Xianfan.
Master of Science, University of Cornell, and Bachelor of Arts, University of New York, who worked in China for the construction of the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, participated in the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydropower, combustion engines, photovoltaics, wind power, garbage power generation, etc., and in July 2018, joined the Association of Eastern Xinxian analysts for their own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Yangjiang Power (6009000): The geometry of the hydropower magnate does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.