Ning Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing Qing
The company is mainly engaged in investment, construction, operation and management of a toll-free bridge in the Jiangsu sector and other Jiangsu provinces of the Luongning Highway and the development of passenger and other auxiliary services along the highway
Business, the largest asset in the country’s road industry (+9.78%); operating net cash flows of $2.93 billion (+9.94%). ps 0.453, one of the city’s companies.
Greatly expanding related diversified business areas as an important part of the company’s non-principal business. The higher non-recurring gains and losses over the same period last year were the main cause of the decline in net profit on a year-on-year basis: the company’s withholding of non-net profits on a year-on-year basis.
The value-added gain of billions of dollars has led to a higher net profit base last year. Toll revenue has grown steadily: the company achieved road toll revenue of approximately 3,779 million yuan (+5.18%) in the first half of the year.
Road production increased by about 4.2 per cent over the same period, with the main main road, the high-speed camp, growing by 4.84 per cent over the same year. The rest of the road was growing, except for the small drop in the round of the Lake Tai Road (non-main-power road production). Next half of the year, the company, starting on 1 July, introduced a strict 5 per cent vehicle toll discount on etc users, right?
Income in the second half of the year showed a small negative impact, but did not affect the trend towards increased traffic. Toll cost increases were in line with expectations: the highest depreciation amortization cost increased by approximately $61 million (+9.28 per cent) on a year-on-year basis, taking into account that depreciation under the traffic depreciation method increased with the increase in traffic, plus additions
In terms of labour costs, corporate controls have always been more stringent, with an increase of only 0.97% over the reporting period. The cost of charging has increased by about $18.7 million (+34.4%), mainly by renovating housing facilities along the toll stations in order to meet the need for universal access to etc.
With regard to the cost of care, the high-speed repair of the tin cleavage resulted in an increase of about $9.3 million (+12.4 per cent) in maintenance costs over the same period; road costs totalled $1,186 million, an increase of 7.68 per cent over the same period; and the return on investment in joint road products increased significantly: in the first half of the year, the companies directly associated with the company contributed the return on investment.
About $355 million, an increase of about 24.70 per cent over the same period. Of these, there was a marked increase in profits, driven by the growth of traffic, at the high speeds of the river, at the rate of $117 million, $126 million, and $103 million, respectively. In addition, Jiangsu Leasing and Jiangsu Bank contributed, respectively, during the reporting period.
East Hing Securities reported a high speed (600377): a steady growth in traffic leads to a net increase in profits.
The same-year decline in real estate sales was the most significant cause of the fall in corporate revenue in the reporting period: company real estate revenues are now mainly from the Ningjian industry. Real estate sales decreased by 48.4 per cent in the first half of the year as a result of a drop in the carrying-over of real estate projects, resulting in a decrease of $412 million, or 48.4 per cent, as a result of a higher average unit price for carry-over projects and an overall increase of 10.9 percentage points in the Māori ratio, so that the net profit from tax on the closing of the industry was about $107 million, or just 5.7 per cent.
The construction project is progressing steadily: the three projects being built by the company are worth nearly $20 billion, with 64%, 58%, and 39% of the long-term high-speed investment progress being made at the Yangtze Bridge, respectively. The priority project, which is expected to run through the Yangtze Bridge in the third quarter of 2020, is expected to have an impact on the company’s profitability through a rapid increase in initial depreciation costs, but given the strong location of the bridge, we expect the project to be profitable in a relatively short period of time.
Overall, the net profit growth after corporate withholdings in the first half of the year was mainly due to direct income growth as a result of the increase in the volume of traffic and the increase in the return on investment in joint road production; and the increase in rents and dividends from Jiangsu Bank. Cost-side increases generally met expectations and labour cost controls slightly exceeded expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Ningjiang High Highway (600377): The steady growth of traffic leads to a net increase in profit after deduction The research assistant brief analyzes the researcher's own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.