The company was able to perform well in the first half of 2017. The company was able to do business separately in the first half of 2017.
\diamond’s rapid growth is due mainly to the high rate of growth in the company’s newly signed contracts, the smooth pace of engineering projects, and steady growth in the business income of the major companies.
The increase in the Māori rate has led to an increase in net interest rates and a deterioration in the operating cash flow. In the first half of 2017, companies \diamond added, real estate and housing operations were $556.6 billion more than in the same period last year.
Ppp+Step-a-way-driven order growth, and equity incentives add momentum to development. The total number of new contracts signed by companies has grown rapidly, benefiting from domestic \diamond-ppp and overseas “a-way-a-way-a-way”.
Newly signed contracts amounting to $155.5 billion, an increase of 33.68 per cent over the previous period; out of this, new overseas contracts amounting to $11.6 billion for the first time, an increase of 80.5 per cent over the same period. Adequate stock reserves, which provide 0.867 per cent of total equity growth for corporate performance, are broader than the first wave of incentives, contributing to the full stimulation of management teams and management teams.
Work motivation of key staff, improved efficiency of company operations, and rapid release and upgrading of company performance. \diamond 1. Strong growth in performance and strong capital and real estate performance
Long-term, progress in engineering projects has led to steady growth in income from major businesses. q1 and q2 companies achieved operating revenues of $234.827 million in 2017 and $29.427 billion in 2017, respectively, representing an increase of 9.70 per cent compared to the same period last year, and a significant increase in q2 operating income and net profit returns.
Figure 1 Company operating income (millions of yuan) shows that during the first half of the year, the company achieved $328.611 billion in income from housing construction and construction, an increase of 4.43 per cent over the same period, representing a decrease of 4.4 pct compared to the same period last year; infrastructure construction and investment were realized
1.5 pcc increase over last year; design survey operations achieved income of $3.29 billion, an increase of 1.00 per cent over the year, and business share distribution of operating income (millions) figure 4
The increase in the Māori rate raises the level of net interest rates and the increase in the cost rate The increase in the Māori rate of the company's combined Māori rate stems mainly from: 1) the increase in the Māori rate of business as compared to the largest housing operations; 2) the optimization of the company's business structure, with higher Māori capital and real estate revenues rising.
Net interest rates have risen. Net interest rates rose to 4.85 per cent in the first half of 2017, up 0.28 pt from the same period last year. Company-related costs increased in the first half of 2017, with turnover tax and surcharge rates of 1.24 per cent, up 0.01 pt from the same period last year.
(b) Corporate sales costs were 0.25 per cent, an increase of 0.02 pt over the same period in the previous year, reflecting a significant increase in real estate sales.
The corresponding increases in advertising and marketing fees, operating fees and sales commissions were faster. Cost versus turnover tax and surcharge rates for the period in figure 7 resulted in a significant decrease in operating cash flows as a result of the increase in the pay-as-you-go ratio
In terms of the pay-as-you-go ratio, the company received 88 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 1 pcc from the same period in the previous year. The company’s pay-as-you-go ratio rose to 92 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 10 pcc from the same period in the previous year, mainly as a result of increased local spending and higher payments to sub-suppliers, with net cash outflows from real estate operations of 24 billion yuan, an increase of 55.6 billion yuan over the same period in the previous year;
The significant increase in cash outflows has led to a significant deterioration in the operating cash flow of companies, as well as an increase in cash and investment payments for corporate operating assets and other long-term assets in the first half of 2017.
4.ppp contributes to the expansion of capital construction operations, with a single high-speed growth in the company ' s construction business in the first half of 2017, with a rapid increase in the total number of new contracts, with a new contract of $115.5 billion, or 33.68 per cent, as compared with 33.68 per cent.
The company’s portfolio maintains a better growth trend, with the capital sector having the highest rate of growth in new contracts, a higher share of business, and the company’s ability to expand capital. The company’s business structure is expected to continue to optimize in the future as capital orders are located and executed.
In this context, companies are actively exploring and using the ppp model to promote infrastructure business development, and significant progress has been made in the ppp area. As of the end of the first half of 2017, it is expected that the ppp model will become the mainstream model in the capital sector.
The company has accumulated approximately 200 ppp projects with a total planned equity investment of approximately $317 billion, and is expected to drive construction. Contracts amounting to approximately $490 billion, covering urban orbital transport, road bridge works, underground polyclinics, and park construction.
The $380 billion, of which infrastructure-type contracts amount to approximately $290 billion, or 76%, is a powerful boost to the company’s transition to infrastructure operations. As can be seen, the ppp model has become a central force for the growth of the company’s infrastructure operations, which are expected to grow rapidly in the future with the active application of the ppp model.
5. The strong development of real estate operations and the industry’s flagship effects highlight the fact that the company has three major real estate brands: Central Haiti, China Ocean, and Central China, the company’s main real estate platform, with 84 per cent of the company’s real estate revenue coming from Central Haiti in 2016.
Production is concentrated in the second-line cities, with high-end real estate operations as the leading real estate business in the country. In the context of the upgrading of real estate regulation, there will be a division in the pattern of real estate competition, with leading real estate firms expected to be strong, emerging in terms of financing, marketing, investment, and land reserves.
Rapid development, with real estate sales of $122.3 billion, an increase of 49.9 per cent, compared with 9.3 per cent; contract sales of 8.46 million square metres, an increase of 36.0 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase; completion of investment in real estate development of $75.5 billion, accelerated capital operation and business restructuring in Haiti in mid-2016, with the acquisition of real estate and Sino-Thai wealth.
In the first half of 2017, the Public Administration added a total of approximately 7.91 million square metres of land to the stock of some 8,447 million square metres of land at the end of the period, with sufficient land reserves to provide a solid basis for the growth of the company’s real estate operations. Meanwhile, Central Haiti’s production continues to adapt and enrich its business structure.
The expansion of commercial real estate, old-age, education, overseas market operations has facilitated the risk of hedge housing regulation, creating more profit growth points for the public administration.
In the context of the “one-way” strategy, the company has made use of its resources and experience in overseas markets to expand its offshore operations to 44 of the 65 countries along the “one-way” route. In the first half of 2017, the company accelerated its offshore operations, with new contracts breaking out for the first time by $100 billion, amounting to $11.6 billion, an 80.5 per cent increase in business.
7. A two-phase equity incentive program that stimulates the company’s potential for performance is the vanguard of architectural reform and the only one that currently has two equity incentives.
In 2013, the first restricted stock incentive scheme was implemented, targeting directors of companies, senior managers and key staff, with a total of 686 awards, representing 0.49 per cent of the total stock stock of the year, with a limited sales period of two years, and three batches with unlocking conditions in July 2015, July 2016 and July 2017, respectively.
On 7 November 2016, the company announced the introduction of a second-phase restricted equity incentive scheme, which was launched in 2016.
Granted to 260 million shares of the company, the stock incentive scheme awarded 0.867 per cent of the total equity at that time, with a limited sales period sufficient to stimulate the motivation and creativity of the company ' s executives and core cadres, and further boost the company ' s performance potential.