Ppp+a driving all the way, with high future lock-out - China Building (601668) depth report over 13.5 per cent of main business income and net profit in the last five years, with high growth in the building blocks
The pace of recovery in the manufacturing sector has been slow, and capital investment will continue to grow steadily in the future. Corporate construction will be significantly higher than building blocks, companies will be able to scale up their capital blocks in the future, and profitability will increase further.
China’s construction industry, which has a significant advantage in ppp’s running around the country, has good cooperation with major financial institutions, owners, and local governments. In 2016, new overseas contracts were awarded at 1264,2017 q1, and China’s construction accumulated more than 160 ppp investment projects, with a total value of more than 6,000.
As the company’s ppps and the rest of the world accelerates the process, future orders will continue to land and perform well in the future. The reforms of state enterprises will continue to deepen, equity incentives will continue to release business dynamism, and profitability is expected to increase.
China's construction continues to advance the “1+n” reform programme. The second stage of equity incentives is directed primarily at the company's executives and the management of the second-tier subsidiary, awarding 260 million shares at a price of $4866 per share to 1,575 incentive recipients, further releasing business viability; and piloting of career managers, professional sectioning and internalization.
Management upgrades are expected to give visibility to hidden corporate resources, stimulate business dynamism and increase profitability. Corporate orders and revenues continue to grow, with sufficient volume of work at hand, “capital + axle” and “state enterprise reform” driving performance and profit growth, with companies expected to be owned by their parent shareholders in 2017-2019 as net profits.
The implementation of the ppp project, the implementation of the one-way project and the reform of state enterprises have fallen short of expectations.
China Construction Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Construction”) is one of the largest housing contractors in the country and one of the most highly qualified and highly qualified groups of construction enterprises. China’s buildings and subsidiaries now have a total of 770 operating qualifications in various fields, such as engineering, surveying, design, engineering supervision, engineering pricing, engineering consulting, etc.
Road engineering and municipal public utility contracts are of a special level, and the company is committed to designing and implementing one-stop integrated services for high-level, sophisticated, sophisticated construction projects, both within and outside the country, and is a leader in housing construction in China and beyond. China’s architecture is the country’s largest construction company with a whole-sector layout, covering survey design, centralized procurement, construction and construction.
China’s architecture is also one of China’s largest real-estate conglomerates, and one of the 16 central real-estate-based enterprises designated by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. “Central Haiti” has become the leading brand in China’s real-estate industry.
In 2016, China’s architecture was ranked 27th in Fortune World 500, 10th higher than in the previous year, maintained its status as the world’s largest complex of architectural estates, and ranked 7th out of 110 Chinese firms. Global operations ranked 1st out of 250 international engineering contractors worldwide, and 14th out of 10.
In 2016, as a result of good construction in China, the three major rating agencies, Pup, Moody, and Fitch, maintained the rating of China’s buildings at a/a2/a, with a “stability” perspective, and China’s buildings continued to maintain the highest credit rating in the industry. According to the Ministry of Housing, Urban and Rural Development’s management of the building’s qualifications, there are currently 13 Chinese companies with three special qualifications.
The company actually controls the State Treasury Committee of the State Council, and the controlling shareholder, China Construction and Engineering, now holds 56.26% of the shares. China Construction and Engineering was officially formed in 1982 as the country’s oldest professional, first market-oriented and singlest company.
At present, China State is operating on the platform of Chinese buildings, which are listed mainly as a share market.
On May 24, 2017, Forbes magazine published the top 2000 rankings of global listings, with 58 construction services listed globally. China's construction is ranked first in terms of turnover, profits, and asset values in the construction services sector.
1 In the composite ranking, the 71st place, 43rd higher than in 2016, with the largest increase. 2nd, major sector restructuring has been significant, capital construction and all the way up, with (i) construction remains the main engine of economic growth, with huge capital market space.
The country’s economic growth rate has continued to slow for almost five years, with fixed-asset investment being more macroeconomicly affected, but as one of the three-cargo engines driving the economy’s growth, fixed-asset investment remains the main force of economic growth. Social fixed-asset investment contributed 81% to gdp in 2016, and construction has stabilized at 6.7% to 7.0% in the last five years.
Having reached 19.36 trillion, a significant increase of 2.3 per cent in 2015, compared with 7.1 per cent, but affected by the economic environment in comparison with 15 per cent in previous years, there have also been significant changes and adjustments in the structure of the construction sector, and capital investment will be stable, based on factors such as the promotion of the ppp infrastructure by the Government, the presence of various regulatory policies on the property and the continued deepening of the manufacturing sector ' s production capacity.
Trends in growth. The growth rate of real estate fixed asset investment and manufacturing fixed asset investment has continued to decline over the past five years, while the growth rate of capital fixed asset investment has stabilized at over 15.8 per cent.
The main tasks of the three-fifth” period included strengthening road transport systems and increasing the capacity of integrated transport: promoting urban orbits, transport and efficient mobility: accelerating the development of sponge cities and transforming urban construction patterns: promoting the growth of green lands in the landscape and the creation of green and liveable spaces in urban and rural areas. The importance of urban infrastructure development was repeatedly highlighted in the planning process.
This indicates that transport and municipal road works are expected to become an investment in the future development of the country’s infrastructure. (ii) China’s main construction complex has grown steadily, with stable and healthy indicators. Over the period 2012-2016, China’s accumulated new construction contracts amounted to 6.9 trillion yuan, with new annual contracts accounting for the nation’s construction industry.
The share of newly signed contracts increased steadily from year to year; operating income in 2016 amounted to 95,976.5 million yuan, and from 2012 to 2016 was compounded. In 2016, China achieved 959.8 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 9.0 per cent compared to the previous year, further expanding its operations. Companies achieved gross profits of 96,988 million yuan, a decrease of 11.5 per cent compared to the previous year; and the Māori rate of 10.1 per cent, a decrease of 2.3 per cent compared to the same period.
Percentage point. The main reason for the decline in the Māori rate was the full implementation of the “camp change” in the construction property industry in the country as of 1 May 2016, with a significant change in the calibre of revenue accounting for corporate housing construction works, infrastructure construction and investment operations, from tax-bearing (business tax) to non-tax-free (value-added tax) income, and the offsetting of the corporate value-added tax in the early stages of the “camp change”
With the exception of the growth factor, China ' s net profit margin and interest rate on construction remained stable, with a 0.2 per cent increase in net profit in 2016 compared to the 2015 year-on-year rate and a 0.1 per cent increase in net profit on shareholders in listed companies compared to 2015 and a steady increase in China ' s construction market share in terms of total construction output from 2012 to 2016, with a national market share in 2016
In 2016, the company accounted for 8.83 per cent of the country's housing construction industry, based on the value of the new contract; China's construction stock has grown steadily over the past five years, and China's future market share in construction will remain steady. The construction industry is an order-driven industry whose entire construction chain includes the acquisition of orders, construction work, construction measurement and settlement.
The internal management of the construction enterprise, including the volume of work, the flow of tickets, the settlement of funds, etc., is involved in all aspects of the collection and completion of works. Returning to the nature of the construction enterprise’s operations, China’s construction is subject to strict controls on statistics, notes and funds flow in the construction chain.
The company ' s engineering commitments grew at a much higher annual rate than the total number of new contracts in the construction industry as a whole during the period from 2014 to 2017. The average number of new contracts awarded by the company in the last three years was based on the accounting standards recognized by the company ' s principal operating income, and we used the main operating income in the audit report as the value of the work product.
It was confirmed that the growth rate of the company ' s output over the past three years was much higher than that of the construction industry, and that the average growth rate of the company ' s output over the previous three years was 11 per cent higher than the average 9 per cent increase in the industry; and that the business characteristics of the construction enterprise, after construction, was measured by the business indicators of the importance of the enterprise, which could be measured by the pay-as-you-go indicators, and we received the company ' s sales of goods and the provision of services.
Cash is calculated on the basis of an average annual repayment rate of about 98 per cent for the company, above the industry average of 95 per cent.By the sum of trillion yuan, the return on the main business income project = cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of labour in the company’s audit report, there is a sufficient volume of work at hand and a high level of future targeting.
China’s buildings are well organized in all parts of the country, and in terms of the distribution from 2014 to 2016, the share of each region has changed considerably. China’s buildings, as an industrial construction unit, are able to respond positively to the country’s urbanization and are at the same pace as its economic hotspots and regional hotspots.
The construction enterprise, as the middle of the construction industry chain, directly affects the company ' s operating cash flow as a direct result of the upstream/downstream Triangular Receivables Receivables, which would benefit from a better balance between upstream/downstream Receivables by the construction enterprise. Figure 17: Analysis of accounts receivable and accounts payable in the construction industry chain
Through the analysis of accounts receivable and accounts payable in China ' s construction for 2014-2016, accounts receivable were significantly lower than accounts payable, and operating cash flows continued to improve as one side of the upstream and downstream triangle chain. (iii) Industrial centre shifts and capital block booms
In recent years, construction in China has gradually shifted the focus of its operations towards building blocks, focusing on urban and urban orbital transport, railways and roads, nuclear power, ports, petrochemicals and municipal sewage treatment: in the case of underground tube halls, in 2016, the company’s mid-marked corridor project reached more than 800 kilometres, of which 237 kilometres were in pilot cities, with a market rate exceeding 40 per cent.
The total number of new contracts signed in 2016 was 1.88 trillion yuan, an increase of 23.74 per cent over the previous year, the higher rate of growth being mainly due to the capital block, which became an important revenue growth point for construction in China. According to the different business panels, the value of new contracts for housing and infrastructure was new in the year 2014-2016.
Approximately 90 per cent of the amount, but with a significant change in the proportion of new construction and capital contracts compared to the total number of new contracts, the value of new construction contracts decreased from 75 per cent of new contracts in 2014 to 62.6 per cent of new contracts in 2016 and the value of new capital contracts increased rapidly from 16 per cent of new contracts in 2014 to the full year in 2016
From 2014 to 2016, China ' s construction portfolio was gradually transformed from housing construction to infrastructure construction and investment, with revenues from housing construction accounting for nearly 70 per cent of the total in 2014, and after almost two years of development, with ppps, infrastructure construction and investment
Rapid capital growth has led companies to gradually increase their infrastructure and investment, which declined to about 64% in 2016. By the same token, infrastructure development and investment revenue accounted for only 14.86% of business income in 2014 and sustained high growth in infrastructure construction by 2016, providing greater guarantees for growth in corporate performance.
(iv) There has been a rapid increase in overseas operations along the road, with China’s construction being heavily distributed in the domestic construction market over the past few years, with the foreign market accounting for a relatively low share, with companies entering into new overseas contracts in 2016 amounting to $126.4 billion, but representing only 6.72 per cent of all new contracts, the lowest of the nine construction companies.
China’s buildings have also begun to increase the profile of overseas operations of “1+n” through the “1+n” layout for nearly two years, adapting the incentive system for overseas operations, with greater potential for future overseas business development. As the country’s strategy has deepened along the way, China’s buildings have also begun to increase the profile of overseas operations of “1+n.”
Newly high in history, major projects have been signed. Major projects such as the New Capital Project for Egypt ($2.7 billion), the Kuala Lumpur People’s Plaza ($1.0 billion), and the Western Australian Infrastructure Package ($3.75 billion).
The dollar: a significant increase of 33% in the same year. Symbolic engineering, world branding: the successor Indonesia ' s 111 logo tower, designed to be the highest building in South-East Asia, will be 638 metres; the Malaysian Kuala Lumpur logo tower, which is 423 metres higher, is a successful export abroad of China ' s top buildings, which are currently outside the country ' s borders.
As of 2017, q1, China has accumulated 165 Ppp investment projects with a total value of over $620 billion and a total amount of $390 billion for potential construction. Of these, 76 municipal projects, with a total investment value of $260 billion, represent a proportion of the total investment.
Forty-two per cent, or 29 transport projects, with a total investment of $22 billion, or 36 per cent. Of this total, 108 projects with a planned equity investment of $187 billion were received in 2016. At present, 60 projects with a planned equity investment of $114.8 billion have been implemented by the group as a whole, with an accumulated equity investment of $23.4 billion.
The ppp model has a 40% landing rate. The advantage of the ppp model is a shift in government functions - with the Ministry of Finance and the relevant departments pushing it, the conceptualization of the ppp model is gradually changing, and governments at all levels are beginning to shift from public service managers and providers.
In terms of social capital, enterprises have also begun to move from re-construction and short-term to re-operation, and in accordance with the guidelines for the fiscal sustainability of the ppp project, all ppp projects need to be financed from the budget for each year, which should account for no more than 10% of the general public budget expenditure. In 2016, the general public budget expenditure for the country was 187841.
The central and local levels accounted for 6.4 per cent of the increase over the previous year, with the central general public budget spending of $274.4 billion at the local level, a 7.3 per cent increase over the same period, and local fiscal expenditure of $16.43.7 billion, a 6.2 per cent increase over the same period, using local sub-level income, central tax return and transfer arrangements.
Assumptions: annual growth in fiscal expenditure of about 6 per cent; average duration of cooperation on ppp projects of 10 years; maximum financial expenditure required on ppp projects over 10 years: 50 per cent of total investment on ppps (including government fees and feasibility gaps); based on these assumptions, total investment on ppp projects over the next 10 years amounts to 42 trillion yuan, with an average annual investment of 42,000 dollars
In the Ministry of Finance, the ppp Centre's inventory project, where 67 per cent of the total amount of the municipal engineering and transport engineering infrastructure projects are under way, will further increase the contribution of the ppp project to national capital investment in the future.)
In June 2017, the Ministry of Finance, the People ' s Bank of China and the Censorship of China jointly issued a circular on the regulation of matters relating to the securitization of assets for the development of government and social capital cooperation projects, which proposes to promote the securitization of the assets of the ppp project in a classified and secure manner, to screen rigorously the ppp project for securitization of assets, to refine the work procedures for securitization of the ppp project, and to work on strengthening the ppp project.
Supervision of securitization of project assets further regulates the content of securitization of project ppp assets. In June 2017, the Ministry of Finance issued a circular on the resolute suppression of illegal local financing in the name of government purchases of services (hereinafter referred to as document No. 87), which specifies the financial requirements for government purchases of services in the annual budget and in the medium term.
This is done in full, and the range and list of services purchased by the government has been clarified. The introduction of document No. 87, which regulates government purchasing services and financing of government platforms, is in a different category from government purchasing services, and the introduction of government-funded infrastructure projects has further expanded the application of the ppp.
At the end of the first quarter of 2017, there were 12,287 projects with a cumulative investment of 14.6 trillion yuan, covering 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Xinjiang and 19 industrial areas, with a steady increase in the number and amount of projects.
The need for ppps will continue to grow further in the future: 1,729 projects have been contracted, with an investment of 2.9 trillion yuan, with a landing rate of 34.5 per cent (the rate of landing refers to the sum of the number of projects implemented and handed over in both phases compared to the total number of projects in preparation, procurement, implementation, transfer of projects in four phases, regardless of the identification phase).
In the industrial sector, the top three projects were municipal engineering, transport, tourism, which together accounted for 53.7 per cent of the total number of projects; in the same month, the top three projects were municipal engineering, transport, ecological construction and environmental protection, which together accounted for a net increase in the number of projects.
59.6 per cent of the increase in the current month; the first three landing projects were municipal engineering, transport, ecological construction and environmental protection, which together accounted for 63.9 per cent of the total number of landing projects; and the top three landing projects, which accounted for 63.8 per cent of the increase in the same month, were also municipal engineering, transport, ecological construction and environmental protection.
By the end of March, there were 4,833 user-paying projects with investment of 4.8 trillion yuan, accounting for 39.3 per cent and 33.1 per cent of total and total investment, respectively, and 4,053 government-paying projects with investment of 3.7 trillion yuan, accounting for 27.7 per cent and 41.1 per cent of total and total investment, respectively.
(iii) The “demonstration” effect of the ppp demonstration project was significant; by the end of March 2017, the total number of national demonstration projects was 700 with a total investment of $1.7 trillion. Of these, 22 of the first batch of demonstration projects in 2014 (initially 30, successively 8) with a total investment of $71.4 billion; and the second tranche of demonstration in 2015
162 projects (initially 206, successively 44) with a total investment of $487.1 million; the third tranche of demonstration projects in 2016 with a total investment of $1,161.6 million; 464 demonstration projects with a project ppp contract in the implementation phase, with an investment value of $1.190 billion and a landing rate of 66.6 per cent;
Billion dollars, an increase of 16.8 percentage points; 391 new projects, $963.3 million new and 31.5 percentage points higher than the same period last year
The first three of the 464 landing demonstration projects were municipal engineering, transport, ecological construction and environmental protection. Of these, one, 39, or 8.4 per cent, was new compared to the previous month, or 9 more, compared to the end of the previous month.
During the same period, 15 new social capital letters were added; 164 others, or 35.3%, were analysed from the perspective of the type of partner in social capital. By the end of March, 455 demonstration projects had been contracted for social capital, including 261 single-house social capital projects and 194 consortium projects.
There are 144 private proprietorships, 118 private holding companies, 20 Hong Kong and Macao, 15 foreign firms, 221 state-owned companies, 174 state-owned holdings, and 24 other types that are not easily identifiable. 262 private enterprises (including private ownership and private holding shares) account for 36.6% (for example, figure 1-4-1), 1.3 percentage points less than the results at the end of the month, and 2.3 hundred points less than the results at the end of last year.
(iv) China has a monopoly on construction, with sustained activity. The state-owned and state-owned social capital accounts for 55% of the demonstration projects, while the state-owned social capital remains the main strength of the ppp. To further compare the competitiveness of Chinese construction and construction companies in the ppp project, Chinese construction and railway workers have been selected.
General Company Cheng (hereinafter referred to as “China Central Iron (601390)”), China Railway Construction Corporation (hereinafter referred to as “China Iron Construction” (601186)), China Transport Construction Group Limited (hereinafter referred to as “China Border Construction” (601,800)), China Electricity Construction Group Limited (hereinafter referred to as “China Electricity Construction (601669)”), China Energy Group Limited (ppp Project Master)
The involvement of the subsidiary “George Dam (600068) Group Limited”, the Chinese Pre-Mine Group Inc. (ppp Project) is mainly the involvement of the subsidiary “China Metallurgical Industries Group Ltd.”, the latter being “China Metallurgical Group (601618)”. By collecting the financial statements of the seven listed companies and the information disclosed on the official website, statistics are available for 2016.
According to the above table, the annual reports of the above-mentioned companies in 2016 disclose a total of 1.7 trillion yuan worth of contracts for the year, of which China is far ahead of the 2016 contract for construction, and the ppp’s front-loading effect is evident. The Ministry of Finance’s ppp center announces the 2016 ppp implementation item.
With an increase of $1.82 trillion, it is assumed that investment in the ppp project, which was contracted by seven companies in 2016, amounted to approximately 93% (the ppp project, which was not included in the Ministry of Finance’s ppp central library). China’s construction industry, as an industry, had a significant advantage in bidding for the ppp project.
China’s construction cooperation with a number of financial institutions has been excellent. By the end of 2016, China’s construction had received a total of 89.01 billion yuan in letters from banks, of which $554 billion had not been used, with greater financial flexibility, and company headquarters and subsidiaries had strategic cooperation with local governments.
China has three major brands of Chinese Haitians, China Sea Hong Kong and China. The Chinese Haitians are part of China's overseas group real estate business, known as Hong Kong and Australia, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, the Ring Sea, the Northeast and the West.
In March 2015, China built to replenish China’s overseas blocs and to subscribe to China’s new overseas development shares.
In 2016, for the third time in a row, Central Haiti was awarded the “Congregation of China’s Real Estate Industry Leader” brand, valued at 51.4 billion yuan yuan, which is the first in the Federation. In 2016, Central Haiti issued additional shares to such companies as China-China-Tayfu and China-China-China, and paid for some of the commercial real estate projects.
The total purchase cost is $31 billion for residential development under the flag, and the Chinese shares will hold 10% of China’s overseas development after the transaction is completed. The deal directly increased the land reserve under China’s overseas development flag by about 23.52 million square metres, with 89.2% of the land in the far north, and 62.5% of the land in construction projects, adding further to the background in the earth.
China and China have worked closely with the Sino-Sin Group to enhance their potential for business and investment cooperation, and to further consolidate China’s current real estate stock in Central Haiti, which is concentrated mainly in the second-line cities, which account for 62.2 per cent of the total real estate stock, including construction projects and completed projects, with the second-line cities of Mid-Shinan, Shenyang and Wuhan taking a larger share.
(i) Equity incentives to bind management and cadre staff, unleash business dynamism and potential as practitioners of State enterprise reform policies, and China ' s construction is determined to pursue State enterprise reform and use equity incentives to stimulate governance
This stock incentive program awarded 0.867% of the total equity at that time, which is more visible than the first stage of the incentive range and target. The stock incentive test is the same as the first, and the company is expected to pass in the future.
China’s second batch of equity incentives for the award of restricted shares should meet the following performance conditions: a net asset return of no less than 14% for the previous fiscal year, a net profit growth rate of no less than 10%, and the completion of the economic growth ordered by the State Council’s State Finance Committee.
The prize was awarded to the second and third tiers of construction in China, fully stimulating the economic viability of the subordinate management, with a net asset return of 15.45 per cent in 2016 and a net profit growth rate of 14.6 per cent, with clear incentives. (ii) 1+n multiple initiatives to deepen reforms
China’s construction companies have performed well, and in the future they will gradually promote the segmentation of their branches, such as gardens, municipalities, and decorations, to further market and mix their operations. To further stimulate the dynamism of their branches, China’s buildings have begun to introduce a career manager system in the China-Haitin sector.
The marketization of salaries has fully stimulated the motivation and creativity of the career managers; since China Construction General, a current shareholder in China's construction holdings, does not operate in a substantive manner, China State will in the future reshape its functions, using China State as a platform to speed up capital operations and resource consolidation, targeting State-owned capital investment companies, and to work and work for China State.
Today’s construction sector is highly competitive, with the provinces competing in addition to market shares, with a greater focus on integrated management capabilities, and China’s construction as a construction industry, which continues to deepen its internal institutional reforms. With regard to project acceptance, China’s construction has strict controls over its subsidiaries, using its own master-packed winnings, each of its sons.
In the case of project management (qhse), because of the independent operation of the subsidiaries, the projects will be of quality and quality during the implementation process.
The safety, health and environmental engineers supervise and control the implementation of the project in accordance with the criteria and use of funds such as p6 and bim for management purposes. The China Construction Finance Corporation has managed the pooling of funds for all affiliated companies, collecting the funds on a daily basis and allocating the funds according to the financing plans and needs of each subsidiary.
Financial recording management: Headquarters consolidated network recording, transparent financial controls, real-time monitoring of budget execution by subsidiaries Procurement management: the construction of a company's buildings requires the purchase of large quantities of raw materials, such as steel and concrete, and the construction of the procurement system. China construction established the Centralized Procurement Management of Goods (Equipment), the Centralized Procurement Management Provisions, the Regional Unions.
Corporate orders and revenues have continued to grow, with an adequate volume of manual work, a “capital + one” and a “state enterprise reform”-driven valuation using the p-relative valuation method, which compares construction to an average of 12.44 times that of a company in 2017.
Project ppp implementation, implementation of a range of projects and reform of state enterprises are below expectations. Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Science and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
Rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, civil explosives, etc.. For pvc, rubber etc., bulk and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardants, etc. Authors have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consulting, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and the conclusion is not inspired or influenced by any third party, and this is particularly true.