In the third quarter of 2018, the Yangtze electric power released its third quarter report, and in the first three quarters, the company achieved business income of 39,066 million.
In the third quarter, water was abundant, and corporate business income increased significantly. In the third quarter, the third quarter, the streaming reservoir and the three gorges increased by 4.54% per cent, compared to the same year.
In the third quarter, Māori increased its Māori contribution rate by 1,369 million yuan. In the last three quarters, the company received a value added tax return of $1.006 billion, compared to large utilities.
The enterprise value-added tax return policy expired on 31 December 2017 and this year no gains were made; in addition, the third quarter net return on investments fell by $301 million on a year-on-year basis, and Māori promotions effectively smoothed the return and investment of value-added tax
Changes, such as capital gains, have an impact on companies’ performance. Defensive values, with future injections of Utunde, White Crane Beach power plants, are expected to increase steadily and increase in value as a combination of growth.
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 15th floor of Central China International Center, 1000th and Ever-largest.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.