The return of the value added tax (VAT) has had an impact on performance.
The company publishes three-quarterly reports for 2018. Business income of 39,066 million yuan was realized in January-September, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to parent companies of 17,922 million yuan, an increase of 0.9 per cent; net profit earned after deduction.
(i) Power generation at an all-time high, driving income growth 79,069 million cubic metres of water coming from the q3 stream reservoir, an increase of 20.7 per cent over the same period, and 217,844 million cubic metres of water from the three gorge reservoirs, an increase of 30.3 per cent, which affected the company ' s total electricity generation in January-September 2018
Of the 16,406 million kilowatt-hours, q3 generated 82,788 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, with variations in power generation between the four power stations under the flag, with a reduction of 10.7 per cent and 2.9 per cent, respectively, in the capacity of the Goji dam and q3 to the domestic dam, but a total of only about 21 per cent, with little overall impact.
Previously, the water storage mission of 2018 had been successfully completed at the River River and the dam power stations. (ii) The return of value added tax (VAT) had been properly controlled as a major contributing factor to higher performance, with a combined decrease of 1.4 per cent over the same period, mainly due to other gains and corporate profits.
63.7 per cent, mainly due on 31 December 2017, the value-added tax return policy for large utilities. (iii) The Fund ' s q3 heavy warehouse unit continues to be concentrated in the industry.
Hydropower plates, with a notable increase in the Fund's target for Yangtze, have a negative impact of $249 million against the background of a decline in the market value of the capital holdings. The company holds the market value of all electricity and water, and the company, as the world's largest water and electricity company, has an excellent resource endowment, a scarce target and a red mark.
The value of cash flows is very high. Companies are actively responding to the trend of deep industry development, seizing new opportunities for reform, building the “power generation, distribution, distribution” industry chain and improving the layout of the industry; the company is surrounded by electricity from the Yangtze River (600,900) six months ago.
Industry has been active in overseas investment and power station operation, management and consulting, and has been active in broadening the scope of operations, with 2, 6009000 annual reports and a quarterly review of electricity generation to record highs in total business.
Poor water: electricity prices down: electricity consumption market expectations: Utunde, crane beach power station construction