The 19-year performance is in line with expectations and will benefit from accelerated downstream expansion in 20 years: the company issued a fast-track performance report, which achieved revenue of $3.1 billion in 2019, compared with 23 per cent in 2019, net benefit to the mother $640 million, compared with 9 per cent in the previous performance forecast period, which was between +0 per cent and 20 per cent in the previous period, and was overall in line with expectations.
▪ Revenue recognition is clearly accelerating, profit margins are influenced by product structure q4 recognizes revenue of 1.1 billion, year-on-year + 73 per cent, ring + 35 per cent, and order recognition is clearly accelerating. q4 achieves net profit of 160 million, year-on-year + 20 per cent.
The product structure differences that recognize income have led to a decline in the Māori rate on a year-to-year basis, and we judge that the share of silicon processing equipment in the q4 confirmed orders may be lower than the overall profit margin. We believe that with the subsequent confirmation of semiconductor order revenue, companies’ profitability will increase significantly.
The semiconductor business is in the harvest period, and the order is expected to land in 20 years, and the semiconductor large silicon sector will face a supply and demand gap for the re-entry of the global semiconductor landscape, while the beneficiary production will accelerate, with the semiconductor large silicon re-launching cycle determined in 2020; the central ring will be fixed.
The project to increase the production of semiconductor silicon tablets by 5 billion will accelerate over 20 years, and the company, as the sole provider of domestic equipment, has the capacity to manufacture the stoves as a whole, at 8 inch, 80 inch and 12 inch, which will result in a significant increase in performance + valuation following the landing of the beneficiary semiconductor orders.
The process of industrialization of 210 silicon tablets is overpredictable, the demand cycle of the technology's long equipment, the recent announcement of large-scale expansion plans by photovoltaic battery manufacturers, such as Tungwee, and the new planning of 210 large silicon tablets and 210 silicon industrialization is overpredictable.
Billion/gw, more than $20 billion in industrial replacement needs alone, with Jing Sheng serving as the only 210 single-crystal furnace for 1, Crystals Power (300316): Performance iterative and semiconductor equipment for national production
RTD 2020-01-21, 34 to 26 times pe, with a significant increase in photovoltaic technology iterative and semiconductor equipment compared to other semiconductor equipment valuations
3. Crystal Gear Power (300316). The winning bid is 1.4 billion yen in light voltage orders, the optical silicon silicon silicon silicon, and the technology will stretch the demand cycle of the equipment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board