The company's main downstream client, the ring shares, released a revised release plan to raise $5 billion.
For the 8-12 inch silicon project, it is hoped that it will benefit fully from the crystal-spill power as a leading equipment enterprise. The Chinese ring shares will either revise the non-public release plan or will increase the enthusiasm of specific investors.
A revised version was published on that day, the main adjustments being that the financing target was revised from no more than 10 to 35 persons and that the issuance price was revised from no less than 90 per cent of the average daily price of the current 20 transactions at the beginning of the issue period to increase the success rate of the company ' s non-public distribution and accelerate the pace of issuance.
The first 8-inch production line was officially launched in September 2019. At the same time, the first 12-inch production line is expected to be operational by 2020.
On top, the demand for large silicon tablets may increase, while Japan’s supply of silicon is limited, and the supply and demand of large silicons are expected to increase. Adding up this fund-raising drive, the central epoch project has accelerated momentum.
We measure the value of the equipment covered by the company in excess of $5.8 billion (about $8 billion for 8 inches and $4.8 billion for 12 inches).
The production capacity is high, with a capacity of 8-12 inches of large silicon monocrystal equipment, while new value-added equipment products, such as advanced polishers, grinders, cutters, etc., cover 70-80% of the entire line. According to company announcements, by the end of the quarter of q3 of 2019, the company was hand-ordered.
It is also an investor in the China-China Episode project, which is expected to benefit fully from the acceleration of the project, and the public-sector semiconductor equipment orders, which are expected to usher in a period of high growth or increase corporate performance.
Semiconductor equipment is not required as expected; semiconductor equipment is not developed as expected; photovoltaic equipment is not required