On the 20th of March 2020, the company announced that it was the second batch of equipment for the second phase of the Central Mongolian Society for the Environment (MCA) photovoltaic phase.
Procurement of the first, second and third packages of winning candidates, with a total winning bid of 1,425 million yuan, with delivery cycles of 210 days after the contract was signed.
The winning order was largely consistent with the first batch, including 1.2 billion long-crystal furnaces, single-crystal silicon rod cuts, 198 million mills, single-crystal silicon cutters, 17.1 million dollars, for a total of 1.4 billion dollars. Downstream, the new energy cycle logic of the photovoltile silicon silicon is being kept intact, and we think that with 210 large, we're going to be able to do it.
The accelerated industrialization of silicon is expected to lead to a significant increase in the planning for the expansion of the downstream silicon plant. By unit, the industry replacement needs alone exceed 20 billion yuan, and Jingxin is the only 210 single transistor. According to our calculations, the order was about 3 billion at the end of 2019, plus this one.
The new 1.4 billion dollars, which together are estimated to be about 4 billion light-voltage orders in hand, about 500 million semiconductor orders, and about 4.5 billion dollars in hand orders. Since the company's main photo-voltage order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery is three to five months uncertain, and we expect to confirm progress at the current order level.
Corporate performance will continue to grow at a high rate in 2020.  Overall performance in 19 met expectations and revenue recognition accelerated significantly
Income recognition is clearly accelerating, and profit margins are influenced by product structure. q4 recognizes income of 1.1 billion, same as +73 per cent, ring + 35 per cent, and order recognition is clearly accelerating; o4 achieves net profit of 160 million, same as + 20 per cent.
The interest rate has fallen the same way, and we've judged that the share of silicon processing equipment in the q4 confirmed orders may have been lower than the overall profit margin. We think that with the subsequent semiconductor order revenue recognition, Company 1, Crystal Power (300316): 19 years.
The semiconductor business is entering the harvest period, and the orders are expected to land in 20 years, and the performance is expected to benefit from the downstream 20 years, and the semiconductor large silicon industry will face a supply and demand gap in its re-entry into the global semiconductor landscape.
Accelerated extension 2020-02-28, with accelerated replacement of beneficiary production, with the semiconductor large silicon reboot cycle set for 2020; the project to add 5 billion megasilica to the medium ring will accelerate in 20 years, with companies as the only ones in the country.
2 “Crystal Power” (300316): Performance provider, with 8 inch, 80% and 12 inches of whole-line manufacturing capacity, will benefit significantly semi-guided 0-20% increase in compliance with expectations, photovoltaic technology
Performance + Valuation Increased after the downfall of orders. National production of technology and semiconductor equipment Motivated long-term development 2020-01-21
33- and 26-fold equivalents, with greater scope for upgrading compared to other semiconductor equipment valuations, with photovoltaic technology overlaps and semiconductor equipment.