Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Expansion of semiconductor client production, the company is expected to benefit from the launch of the Trinity Conservancy Project for semiconductor-grade monolithic polishing.
On the 21st day, it was listed on the board, and its main business is the single crystal silicon material for integrated circuit etching (according to the company announcement, 10-11 degrees of purity, 9% to 15% of the share), and the owner of the single crystal growth device is to purchase it from the crystallizer.
For the construction of a 8-inch semiconductor-class silicon monolithometer production project, built over a two-year period, which will produce 1.8 million 8-inch semiconductor-grade silicon single polish tablets and 360,000 semiconductor-grade silicon monocrysotries, targeting customers such as stand-up power, middle core, etc.
On the evening of February 19, China Ring announced that it would raise an additional $5 billion, of which $4.5 billion would be spent on integrated circuits.
Construction of a production line for 8-12 inches of semiconductor silicon tablets, construction of 750,000 8 inches of monthly production, total equity/flow (million shares), light tablets and 150,000 12 inches of monthly polishing blade production lines, for a period of three years; project equipment
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Total acquisition, commissioning and installation costs $5.018 billion.
The company is expected to benefit from two major suppliers of equipment.
Twenty-five percent of the total is calculated to be $1.43 billion for the current expansion of two customers to match crystal growth equipment. The public supplier of equipment, semiconductor equipment, is well advanced.
Processing equipment such as rollers, cutters, double-face grinders, polishers, etc. has been successfully developed and continues to be actively nurtured in the field of new products such as polishing fluids, valves, magnetic fluid components and thugs; with the arrival of two clients, it is expected that the company will receive semiconductor equipment orders over time.
For billions of yuan, 981 million yuan and 1,283 million yuan, ps. 0.51, 0.76 and half-conductor client expansion, the company is expected to benefit from industrial research in the field and is good at industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
The Center, which joined the Pacific in July 2019 to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, has been based at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report