(b) The performance of the crystal-spill power plant meets expectations and continues to benefit from the intensive downstream expansion of production The company released its 2019 performance report, which achieved operating income of $3.12 billion, an increase of 23.27 per cent over the same period;
The net return to the mother is 636 million yuan, a 9.17 per cent increase from the previous year. The company’s performance is expected to rise as a result of a concentrated expansion of silicon enterprises downstream of the photovoltaic. We expect the company’s performance to increase upwards in the year 2019/20/21 and meet expectations. The company’s operating income is 3,126 million yuan a year.
The performance forecast is medium, in line with market expectations. Performance increases are lower than income increases, and we believe they are mainly due to higher R & D costs, including research and development of semiconductor large silicon growing equipment and back-end grinding series plus engineering equipment. Net interest rates for companies reached 20.3% in 2019, down 2.1 pct in the same year.
In 2019, the company experienced a quarterly rise in revenue, reflecting a trend towards turning points. In 2019, q1-q4 quarter, the company did not realize revenue of $5.7.6.6.1/8.3.1118 million, resulting in a net profit of $1.26 1.224/2.21.1164 million.
The main benefits are: 1) industry climates are up and stock orders are moving faster. 2) The accessories industry (including tiles, polish, fine parts, etc.) is moving steadily, contributing to income growth points. New orders were raised in 2019 to increase growth and guarantee future performance.
Over $3.2 billion, or more than 23 per cent of the increase. We measure the company's share of the purchase orders, or more than $2.7 billion, which will contribute to some of its 2020 performance, while accompanying the concentration of downstream battery blades, and the company's new 2020 bill is expected to grow rapidly, further up to the next year.
According to China’s International Tender Network, the country’s main silicon production line had a national production rate of less than 20%, and the backwards.
As the technical constraints of foreign equipment expand, domestic substitution has become an inevitable trend in industry. Companies’ R & D and production capacity surge, with production capacity ranging from 8 to 12 inches of large silicone, have broken long-crystal furnaces, cutting, grinding equipment.
The foreign brand monopoly has entered the center ring to lead the line of customer production, such as research. Companies, as long-term cooperation partners in the center ring, are expected to benefit fully from the project’s acceleration, and firm semiconductor equipment orders are expected to pick up the growth period, or will boost the company’s performance.
Semiconductor equipment requirements are not as high as expected; semiconductor equipment is not developed as expected; photovoltaic equipment is not as high as required; Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations
Yang Shao Fai