Performance growth of 0-20 per cent meets expectations, photovoltaic technology overlaps and semiconductor equipment national production drives long-term development Events: Crystal Gearer Power issued an announcement in the evening of 20 January that it is expected to return to the mother ' s net profit throughout the year 2019
582 million yuan - 699 million yuan, an increase of 0.0 per cent - 20 per cent from the previous year, is in line with expectations.  Performance growth is in line with expectations, with likely rates of compliance with the conditions for the exercise of equity incentives. Overall performance was in line with expectations in 2019, with smooth growth in the photovoltaic sector: 2019
The industry is gradually warming, the market for monocrysilica is better demand, the industry's leading silicon producers are starting a new round of expansion, the company's new announced purchase orders for photovoltaic equipment in 2019 amounting to over $3.2 billion, and the year-round receipt of equipment is better, driving the company's performance to increase.
The company ' s outstanding contract amounts to $2,558 million, of which $540 million is for semiconductor equipment.
Two quarters of the company’s performance will continue to rebound. The semiconductor business is entering the harvest period, and the continuity of semiconductor equipment orders will be validated.
The Central Ring 8-inch production line is officially in operation, with 12-inch equipment coming in. The Central Ring lead silicon project is proposed to invest $3 billion to achieve 750,000 tablets per month and 600,000 units per month per month. Since June 2019, the central ring share acquisition equipment has increased significantly, and 12-inch bidding is expected to begin gradually as a nuclear option.
There are now more than 150 billion dollars invested in large silicon plans. The sum of more than 50 billion dollars invested in large silicon plans that are already working or are expected to work together.
The whole-line manufacturing capacity has reached 70-80%, and will continue to benefit from the process of nationalization of large silicon tablets. We judge that, with the gradual opening of the 12 inch tender for equipment, coupled with the very high profitability of the transistor semiconductor equipment, it is expected that the company’s valuation level will increase significantly in the future.
The cis chip, the visual sensor, currently has a large supply and demand gap, which is good for the new silicon vendor and equipment. Sony, Samsung, and Howell Technologies have announced a recent price increase of 10-20%, which will expand by 5-10 times the size of the market by 2025, and sk Hercules has just entered the field, according to our grass roots research.
The size of the market is even larger than that of the storage. It is expected that the large scale of the production capacity deficit for the cis expansion will be increased from o1 in 2020, the use of silicon tablets in the visual sensors will increase, the middle ring of the national silicon mill is going well, and so the orders for silicon equipment, which we judge with crystallizer power, will accelerate.
The photovoltaic silicon technology has extended the demand cycle for equipment into a new energy cycle in 2019, with a single crystal penetration rate from the current 50-60 per cent to 80-90 per cent in the next two years, while the latest introduction of 12 inches of silicon in the middle ring is more efficient for transformation.
It's a big industry trend for lower and lower costs to be recognized by downstream battery customers. Aio releases news of 5gw's 210 battery production line output, with 12 inches of silicon penetration accelerating.
They're judging that the rate of increase in the next 210 technologies is expected to go beyond the market. The new technologies will stretch the demand cycle for silicone devices, and the crystals engine will be the only 12 inches.
Domestication 2020-01-16, which will benefit suppliers, is expected to add more than $10 billion in light voltage over the next three years.
Photovoltaic orders, estimated at $4 billion, totalling over $4 billion in hand orders (of which semiconductor orders of $540 million alone), are expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years.
The technology will stretch the demand cycle for equipment. 3. Crystal Power (300316): q3. Performance growth is expected to meet the driving conditions of equity incentives.
Overall performance for the year 2019 was consistent with expectations, with smooth growth in the photovoltaic sector: the photovoltaic sector began to warm up in 2019, the monosilica market was better demand, the industry's leading silicon producers started a new round of expansion, companies seized opportunities for market development, the stock of equipment orders landed and executed, and new orders for photovoltaic equipment signed in 2019 exceeded $3.2 billion.
Corporate equipment received and inspected well throughout the year 2019, which contributed to sustained growth in corporate performance, was assured by hand orders that steady growth would continue over the next few quarters: as at 30 September 2019, companies had not completed contracts totalling $2,558 million, of which $540 million had not been completed in semiconductor equipment contracts (the above amounts included value added tax).
The amount of outstanding contracts and revenue recognition for the o3 quarter are reported as $660 million (27.29 + number of new orders - 8.3 = $2,558 million). Since the company's main photovoltaic order production cycle is three months, the receipt and inspection cycle after delivery is three to five months, and the progress against the current order is confirmed, we judge the next step.
The semiconductor business is in harvest, and the continuity of semiconductor equipment orders will be validated. Major Fund II focuses on the domesticization of equipment and materials, and large silicon equipment taps are expected to benefit.
Since June 2019, there has been a marked acceleration in the pace of central ring share purchase equipment, and the inch bidding is expected to start gradually, with significant benefits to be derived from the crystals engine, which is the core equipment. The country’s large silicon plans now total more than $150 billion.
These companies include powerful middle-ring, new-sized, research-based, crystal-crystalized silicon plants, with four planned total investments of more than $50 billion. Crystals and power have reached 70-80% of the total production capacity of large silicon equipment, including long crystals, grinding, etc., and critical waste materials, and polishing fluids have national capacity, which will continue to benefit from the process of national production of large silicon.
It is expected that the value level of the company will increase significantly in the future as the 12 inch equipment tender is gradually opened, coupled with the very high profitability of the transistor semiconductor equipment.
Three stars, howell technology have announced a recent price increase of 10-20%, which will expand by 5-10 times the size of the market by 2025, and sk Hercules has just cut into the field. Cis has a low demand for silicons, with only a short certification period of more than a month in the middle of a test film and a solid film. According to our grass-roots research, this market will be even larger than a memory.
It is expected that the large scale expansion of production capacity for the cis expansion will start in q1 in 2020, that the use of silicone in visual sensors will be significant, that the middle ring of the national silicone factory is going well, and that we will also determine that orders for silicone equipment for the crystallizer power will also stretch the demand cycle of light-volatile silicone technology.
In 2019, photovoltaic silicon was introduced into the new energy cycle, with a single crystal penetration rate rising from the current 50-60 per cent to 80-90 per cent over the next two years, while the recent introduction of 12 inches of large silicon with higher conversion efficiency and lower cost acceptance by downstream battery users in the middle ring would be a major industry trend.
As Tianjin and the U-2 projects went well, Aio launched a new product of 166 mm and 210 mm high-efficiency batteries, and plans to expand battery capacity to 22gw by the end of 2020, 32gw by the end of 2021 and 45gw by the end of 2022.
New technologies will stretch the demand cycle for silicon equipment, and crystals power, the sole provider of 12 inches, will benefit significantly, with new orders expected to exceed $10 billion in light-voltage over the next three years.
With a total of over $4 billion in hand orders (of which a semiconductor order of $540 million) and expected performance over the next three years, semiconductor equipment orders landed at a slower rate than expected, with a lower rate of downstream expansion of the production of photovoltaic silicon millers.