20st of the year 2020, performance met expectations, with a new contract of over $3.2 billion in 2019.
In the second half of the year, corporate incomes began to rise. Overall, the photovoltaic industry recovered significantly in 2019, with market value in circulation (millions): monocrystal silicone market demand improved, and industry-led silicon producers started a new expansion cycle.
The Division predicts that in 2019, new orders for the announced photovoltaic equipment exceeded $3.2 billion. And this year, Central Ring Five, Crystal Hills, and onboard control are expected to continue to accelerate the expansion, and the current cycle of silicon expansion is still on par with technology, with large silicons gaining industry approval.
In August 2019, the company’s large central ring shares released m12 in large sizes, raising the surface area relative to the conventional m2 silicon by 80.5%, significantly reducing the power cost of the components by about 6.8%, reaching an accelerated rate of access to the Internet. The industry’s acceptance of the large silicon is now further enhanced.
Two production lines were designed according to m12 in the first phase of Verbeke Mountain; Aio announced in January 2020 that the 210 components had been released, and companies such as Trina, Orient Ring, etc. were also actively deployed in Group 210mm.
The company is a small inter-industry company with the capacity to manufacture m12 large silicon tablets, a future notification for large-scale single-crystal furnaces, and a large market space for the first landings of Middle Ring Five, 209.11.09, which is expected to benefit the company greatly.
The semiconductor business is progressing steadily, and the valuation can be raised in the future.
The company is now further expanding the market for semiconductor equipment and consumables. As of 30 September 2019, the company had not completed the semiconductor equipment contract of $540 million.
The city government has set up the Central Ring Lead Semiconductor Materials Ltd. to create a semiconductor advantage industry platform, which is expected to lead the second stage in the future of Pon, the second phase in the Middle Ring, and the second phase in the Tsang Tung La Mahal, and the second phase in the Chengjungzhou tender.
The share of semiconductor operations is expected to grow, and the valuation can be further enhanced. Keep the “buy-in” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.