The company announces that it will be the first winning candidate for the second order of the 5th series of the Central Environmental Association, and that it is expected to win.
The sum of 1,425 million yuan. Benefiting from the expected expansion of single crystalline silicon enterprises downstream, the company's performance was announced in the middle of five rounds of two orders, confirming the logic of accelerated downstream expansion. The amount and content of this pre-winner and the first phase of the middle of the five series (November 2019) are broadly identical and are expected to total.
Four hundred and twenty-five million yuan, including 1,210 million yuan for the first pack of long-crystal furnaces, 198 million yuan for the second pack of silicon rod grinding and single silicon cutters and 171 million yuan for the third package. The announcement provides that the equipment will be delivered within 210 days of the signing of the contract, and we assume that this order will be delivered or will be completed by 2020.
Downstream single crystal silicon is expanding its production for the next year. The order equipment description, the downstream manufacturer, and the central ring shares are continuing to industrialization 210 silicon tablets less than six months after the last tender, reflecting the accelerated expansion. We measure the investment in 210 silicon pieces of unit gw equipment at $150 million.
At this point, single crystal silicon is still in short supply, with excess returns, and downstream traditional manufacturers (Lonky, Central Ring, Crystal) plus new entrants to the expansion (upload control, Jinzhou energy, etc.) are identified.
+ Potential new entrants are actively expanding. We believe that a new wave of expansion of monocrystal silicon is expected to take place in 2020-2021, and that expansion is expected to reach well over 100 gw, including potential customers of companies, with the exception of Lungi.
The company announced that it had more than $3.2 billion worth of new prefixed equipment for the year 2019, an increase of over 23 per cent. We measured that the company was going to have more than $2.7 billion worth of PV orders in late 2019, plus the projected $1.425 billion worth of new orders this time.
In the meantime, we expect the company to achieve rapid growth in its new 2020 bill, which will further enhance the certainty of higher performance in future years.
The rate of domestic production of equipment in our main silicon production line is less than 20%. As the technical limitations of equipment abroad expand, national production substitution has become an inevitable trend in industrial development.
With the capacity to produce large silicon 8-12 inches, long-crystal furnaces, cutting, grinding equipment to break foreign capital, the second half of the year has come to a turning point where growth is expected to continue in 2020, or where the company ' s needs for semiconductor equipment are not as high as expected; and where semiconductor equipment is not as widespread as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.