IT semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Quality crystal growth equipment supplier, semiconductor equipment progressing well International tap of crystal growth equipment, downstream expansion of earnings and technological upgrading. Company is the leading international company.
Over the years, the company has maintained good working relationships with the country’s large silicon producers. At the same time, the company has been active in developing new customers, with a crystal-growth contract of more than $1.8 billion in 19 with crystal energy and onboard control; with reliable and efficient equipment, the company is expected to continue in the future.
At the level of the photovoltaic industry, accompanied by strong growth in overseas markets and the full release of perc battery capacity, some silicon producers have initiated a new round of expansion of capacity, which supports the continued growth of corporate orders. Meanwhile, the current light-voltage approach to the parity threshold of Internet access and new technologies are extremely active, according to the evidence.
The central ring shares have recently announced that they will invest in large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon pieces. The company, as a leading manufacturer of key equipment - silicon growth equipment - will upgrade the technology downstream with significant benefits.
Major specials: Development of 300 mm silicon monocrystal straight growth equipment; and Development of 8-inch molten silicon silicon single stock/flow (millions of shares) National production equipment development of crystal furnaces. Industrialized sales: and successful development of semiconductor crystal rollers,
Total market value/flow (million yuan) Processing equipment such as cutters, double-face grinders, silicon polishers, etc.
By the end of the three season, the company had failed to complete its semiconductor equipment contract of $540 million, which will provide a steady basis for future growth. The announcement indicates that the company has recently increased its central ring lead semiconductor material.
The Division invested $250 million in capital and invested in the new Zhejiang Kushan surface treatment company, Jiangsu Central Science and Technology Corporation, and eight horses superconducting company in Suzhou, key links in the chain of kaput industries, which are not growing as expected and are expected to rise in valuation.
Professional Qualifications Code: High-quality photovoltaic equipment taps, semiconductor equipment are well under way Industry research in the field is good at industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production techniques, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Centre, which joined Pacific securities in July 2017, is well placed to take investment opportunities from the bottom up.
The Center, which joined the Pacific in July 2019 to study industrial fluctuations and seek certainty, has been based at the South-West Securities Research and Development Center, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2017.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report