On February 27, 2020, 100 million yuan, an increase of 23.27 per cent over 2018, and 636 million yuan in net return to the mother, an increase of the same amount.
The performance was in line with expectations, as a result of the favourable demand for photovoltaic equipment, and it was measured that the company achieved operating income of 1,119 million yuan in the fourth quarter of 2019, an increase of 73.11 per cent over the same period in 2018, and a net return profit of 163 million yuan in the fourth quarter, an increase of 20.01 per cent over the same period.
The growth in performance was mainly due to better demand in the market for photovoltaic monocrystal silicon growth equipment and smart processing equipment. According to company forecasts, in 2019, companies signed new orders for the announced photovoltaic equipment in excess of $3.2 billion.
The tile chain, Ai Yu, has launched a large-scale expansion plan, and it is expected that the current cycle of silicon expansion will hold up the opportunity of national production, semiconductor business readiness, and that the global semiconductor industry is now warming up, power generation, and central core international capital spending for 2020.
And the semiconductor industry has a significant demand for national production alternatives, which was created in October 2019 to support industrial development. The company has now achieved a medium-ring long lead, crystallizer, cut-off equipment, and a single-crystal silicon grinder, polisher, double-face grinding,
As of 30 September 2019, the company had not completed the semiconductor.
The subsidiary sells $152 million, and the future semiconductor business share is expected to rise. m12 large silicon tablets are gradually accepted, and future replacement needs are wide.
In August 2019, the Central Ring shares released 12 large silicon tablets with photovoltaic m12 that could significantly reduce the component degree of electricity, which is about 6.8%, to accelerate the process of access to the Internet. The m12 silicons are now becoming industrial, ecological, with two lines of production designed to be m12 in the first phase of the production of Mount Versailles; Aishu in 2020.
In January, it was announced that the Eu-U 5gw210 high-efficiency battery would be officially produced, and that the coronal light energy, the Orient Rings, etc., were also actively deployed in 210 mm components.
The epidemic has worsened, the domestic semiconductor has developed less than expected, and the demand for downstream light is less than expected. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Association of China, produces this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.