2nd issue of the Central Ring, the company's first candidate.
On March 21, 2020, the company issued a public announcement to become the first winning candidate. The second batch of equipment for phase 5 of the project for the industrialization of renewable energy solar cells with single crystal silicon material was advertised by the China-China Association for Environmental Affairs for the first, second and third winning bid for the above-mentioned project.
Selected persons. Total winning bid: $142,4.7 million, with delivery cycles 210 days after the signing of the contract. Company ' s current winning bid was related to: single crystal silicon for solar cells of renewable energy sources of the Central Environmental Association. Second procurement of equipment for phase 5 of the industrial engineering project was divided into three packages, and the company ' s first winning product class.
The winning bid is $1.29.6 million; the winning product category is the single crystal silicon bar grinding single-line processing device, with a winning bid of $198 million; the winning product category is the single crystal silicon bar cutter, with a winning bid of $17.1 million.
$142,4.7 million. The first and second tranches of the mid-ring are expected to form about 20gw capacity targets, while the delivery of the second batch of equipment is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
According to the company's performance report, in 2019, the company achieved a revenue of 3,126 million yuan, an increase of 23.27 per cent in the same year; net profit was 636 million yuan, an increase of 9.17 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of 2019, the central ring, the crystal, expected to continue to grow well.
At the same time, prices are still high and flat in terms of single silicon prices, showing tight supply and demand patterns, and silicon is projected.
The expansion will continue. In addition, the 12 large photovoltaic silicon tablets are gradually accepted by their clients, the future silicon silicon will continue, and the need for capital-cost-driven equipment 2020.02.21 penetration will facilitate the replacement of large-scale single-crystal furnaces.
Smelting furnaces in the 8-inch semiconductor area are technically mature and 12-inch semiconductor-grade single-crystal furnaces are ready for production; in October 2019, Grand Fund II was officially registered, with a significant increase in registered capital compared to the first phase, and is expected to be fully operational.
Focusing on upstream equipment and materials would benefit significantly from companies as providers of upstream monocrystal equipment. The global macroeconomic downturn has left the photovoltaic sector behind expectations; and the domestic semiconductor sector has not developed as expected: raw material prices have risen significantly.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.