Benefiting from the conversion of photovoltaic technology and the nationalization of semiconductor equipment
Major Fund II focuses on the nationalization of equipment and materials, and the major silicon plant is expected to benefit. The 8-inch production line is officially in place, with 12-inch equipment coming in. The Central Silicon Lead project is to invest $3 billion to achieve 750,000 silicon units per month and 600,000 units per month and 12 inches per month.
The 12-inch project started in October with equipment movein, 2020q1, and the 12-inch tender is expected to be opened gradually, with significant benefits to be derived from the crystal-spill power, a core equipment dealer. Currently, more than $150 billion has been invested in large silicon plans in the country.
Large silicon companies that look for cooperation include powerful middle-ring, new, research-based, crystal-combined silicon mills, with a total planned investment of more than $50 billion. Crystals power has reached 70-80% of all silicon equipment production capacity, including long crystals, grinding, etc., and key consumption materials, with polished fluids.
National production capacity will continue to benefit from large silicon nationally produced processes. We judge that, with 12 inches of bid opening, and the very high profitability of crystallizer semiconductor equipment, it is expected that the value level of companies will increase significantly in the future.
The cis chip, the visual sensor, currently has a large supply and demand gap, which is good for the new silicon vendor and equipment. Sony, Samsung, and Howell Technologies have announced a recent price increase of 10-20%, which will expand by 5-10 times the size of the market by 2025, and sk Hercules has just cut into the field.
Low, with a short certification period of more than a month in the middle of a test film and a solid film. According to our grass-roots research, this market is even larger than a memory. Large-scale expansion of capacity for cis expansion is expected to start in q1 in 2020, with the use of silicon silicon for visual sensors.
Large, the middle circle of the home-grown silicon millers is going well, so we're judging that the silicon device with the crystal-smelting power is going to stretch the demand cycle of the light-volatile silicon technology into the new energy cycle in 2019, with a single crystal penetration rate for the next two years from now.
50-60% is up to 80-90%, while the latest Chinese-ring launch of 12 inches of silicon is more efficient for transformation and less expensive for downstream battery customers will be a big industry trend. Aio released news of 5gw production of 210 battery lines, 12 inches of silicon penetration plus
Quick. With the successful production of the Tianjin I and YU II projects, Aio introduced a new product of 166 mm and 210 mm high-efficiency batteries, and plans to expand battery production to 22gw by 2020, 32gw by 2021, and 45gw by 2022.
The new technology will stretch the supply cycle of silicon equipment, with crystals power as the only 12 inches, and the supplier will benefit significantly, with an additional order of more than $10 billion projected for the next three years. The current photovoltaic order in hand is expected to be $4 billion, with a total of over $4 billion in hand orders (of which semiconductor orders are made).
With $540 million alone, the performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the next three years.
The technology will stretch the demand cycle for equipment. 2, Crystals and Power (300316): q3
3. Crystal Seng Electric (300316): o3 East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board