The performance of information technology semiconductors and semiconductor production equipment 2019 meets expectations and will benefit from the expansion of photovoltaic and semiconductor customers Events: the company released its 2019 performance report, and the company achieved revenue of $3.12 billion in 2019.
A 20-year increase in photovoltaic production is expected to benefit 210 large silicon tablets. According to pvinfolink, the 2020 national perc and perc+ technology extension plan is around 42gw, with recent announcements of 7.5gw expansion plans in Tonway and Lungi, respectively, and it is expected that subsequent manufacturers will be on the ground as expected;
The continued expansion of the additional capacity supports the firm’s photovoltaic equipment. On the other hand, 210 large silicon silicons have been quickly responded to by the industrial chain after their roll-out, and Trumpet has indicated in its recent expansion plan that they will be fully compatible with the dimensions of 210 and below. The large silicon silicons are designed for crystal growth, grinding and grinding.
The company, as a major supplier of equipment for the Central Ring, is expected to benefit from the silicon semiconductor client fund-raising for 20 years of new signing.
Individually announce investments in semiconductor silicon tablets, if measured at 25 per cent of total investment in total crystal-crystal production equipment (including single-crystal furnaces, slices, 12-month maximum/minimum cmp polish, tests, etc.)
A client's extension is required to match crystal growth equipment with $1.43 billion. The company is a major equipment for two companies: the crystals engine (300316), the semiconductor customer extension, which is now in the process of industrializing the 8 inch transistor, and has successfully developed rollers,
- 2020/02/22 Processing equipment such as cutters, double-face grinders, polishers, in polishing fluids, valves, magnets, crystals, crystals (300316)
New areas, such as components, platinum, are still being actively nurtured; semiconductor equipment is progressing well with the arrival of two clients. The Division is expected to obtain orders for semiconductor equipment on a continuous basis.
The performance of 2019 is expected to benefit from industrial research in the field of photovoltaic and semiconductor clients, and is good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates. The financial sector has been operating for eight years, with representatives such as Robot Trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific equities in July 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The Centre, which joined the Pacific securities in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.