The Transistor Power (300316) company has reported that the semiconductor continues to be good and capital expenditure drives equipment demand.
Semiconductor manufacturing is less affected by the epidemic, and the industry is doing better, and the semiconductor industry is doing better. In general, the higher the end of the industry, the higher the automation, the less affected the epidemic. For semiconductor crystal-crystal mills, the production line is usually the same.
At the same time, the industry is more automated, the workshops are super high and dustless, and the general quality of the factory's staff is guaranteed. In terms of material supply, the crystal mill is free for a short period of time, and the average company has three to six months of inventory.
Market value in circulation (millions): The factory chief's river storage, Wuhan's new core, by applying for a special permit, keeps the shipment going, and the logistics are not stopped: the middle core international, Slanwa, Kyoto East, etc., all indicate that the production line is going in a normal and orderly manner.
The global semiconductor is warming up, and the capital expenditure of the crystal mill is driving the demand for equipment is warming up from September 2019, with sales increasing from September to September - 14.6 per cent to December - 5.5 per cent, while Chinese semiconductor sales are increasing from September to September.
In 2019, spending on the build-up capital rose to $14-15 billion, an increase of $4 billion over the previous year, while in 2020 the company projected $15-16 billion, the highest ever projected expenditure of $3.1 billion for the Crystal Circle. The increase in capital spending will directly drive upstream equipment.
"Estimation of the dollar securities company: crystals and power (300316): performance is consistent with accelerated national production of domestic semiconductor equipment, recommending long-crylic furnaces and crystals and electrical power, expected, technology-led development " 2020.01.21.
At present, there is a significant demand for alternatives to imports of semiconductors in the country. In October 2019, the second stage of the Grand Fund was officially registered, with a significant increase in registered capital compared to the second period, and it is expected to focus on enabling upstream equipment and materials, among others.
So far, the crystal-spire power has achieved a central ring leading long-crystal furnaces and a national production of cut-off equipment, of which 8 inches are semiconductor notifications, the first LEDs in Central Loop 5 are fully developed and the 12 inch semiconductor-class single-crystal furnaces are ready for production; and the company layouts are single-crystal silicon.
Bump-roll grinder, polisher, double-face grinder, crystal edge detection equipment. In addition, the company takes up nearly 90% of the high end share of the market with the silicon industry still in the expansion cycle, m12 full of ponies.
The silicon is increasingly recognized by clients, and will benefit from the vast demand for large-scale single-crystal replacements in the future. The epidemic has worsened further; the semiconductor industry in the country has not developed as expected; and the photovoltaic industry has not developed as well as the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has been able to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.