On March 29, 2021, the Times Electric published a year-round collection of $15,521 million, a year-long decline.
5.69 per cent; net return to the mother, 2,018 million yuan, a decrease of 18.49 per cent; net gain, a decrease of 1,522 million yuan, a decrease in the same year q4 performance, which is expected to rebound in 22 years. With the same decline in the previous three quarters, company q4 achieved $6,595 million, an increase of 7.16 per cent; and reflected a positive increase in the share of emerging equipment operations.
This was partially offset by a step-up. q4 Māori was 28.41 per cent and the ring was reduced by 9.72 percentage points over Q3, mainly due to: 1) the higher concentration of government end-order confirmations in q4 and the generally lower Māori rate of q4 compared to the rest of the quarter due to audit adjustments; 2) Māori in the urban track area was lower than the engine, moving, and the emerging equipment industry
The Māori rate is also lower than the tracker rate, which reduces the overall Māori rate. The epidemic affects 21 years of operations and is expected to bounce back in 22 years.
In the first place, 21 years of the epidemic affected large clients, such as the National Iron Company, to cut their investment budgets, thereby affecting the company's downstream demand, with the company transiting equipment camp receiving $12,252 million, a decrease of 11.8 per cent from the previous year, while the system's operations are now expected to pass by, with a significant increase in the number of new subscriptions benefiting from non-trailing systems in the urban track area, and
The signal system is also ahead of historical high orders, and the company’s railing business will open up new opportunities. The country’s car class, igbt, sic, is the strongest, and the 22-year-old two-year-long climber will take place.
The power plant accounts for 1,068 million yuan, an increase of 33.26% over the same period. If the balance sheet is not taken into account, the company-era semiconductor collects 1.310 billion yuan, which does not include the contribution of two periods of gbt production.
At the same time, the company's pre-positioned sic, 3300v track transfer sic module has reached international-class standards, and car-grade sic devices have been used for autonomous power drives. The continuous power of power drives, sensors, etc., will contribute to the growth of new power.
In terms of electric power, the company achieved $456 million in 21 years, a year-on-year growth rating: q4 performed as expected, igbt, a new suit of 171.32%, industry ranking top 10, and the product was used for vehicles such as Chang An, Jiang bell, and what kind of company.
On the other hand, the company’s delivery grew by 320% from the same year, with the largest share of the domestic market in the field of smooth railing. In the case of new energy vehicles, there was an increase in the rapid growth of car regulations, the wind power, light voltage, and the use of sensors to boost orders.
3. Age Electric (688187) In-depth study: in the context of railing, 21 years of company wind power delivery of 3gw, photovoltaic delivery of 2gw, with cost advantages and national background, 2022 electrical taps, car igbt opening the space for future growth
\triangleright leads the system, and the money technology is strong. The company now extends to the new energy igbt and power-driven operations, opening up new performance growth points with a strong technological advantage and a productive base. Maintains the `recommended' rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the present report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.