The Center for Resources and Environmental Research overestimated its non-net profit and expected the cost of the ticket to be liberalized to $26.75 billion in operating income from 2018q1, an increase of 9.0 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother 1.98 billion
Dollars, year-on-year decrease - 29.6 per cent, with a basic gain of $0.14 per share. Cost control over-expected, net profit deductions increased significantly: 2018q1 company operating costs of $23.560 billion, 1. Market development and revenue management began to emerge
With the same increase of 9.7 per cent, and taking into account the same 16 per cent increase in the price of taxes on the import of aviation kerosene from 2018q1, non-oil costs are expected to increase by less than 5 per cent if the consumption of oil is calculated on the basis of an atk increase of 12 per cent, with the effect of cost control exceeding expectations, or due to the company ' s constant reduction in the human ratio and tight control of labour costs and other costs.
3. Freight Severage Low Growth Rate, Air Oil Prices 3.4%, and Projected Exchange Gain of 1.18 billion, reducing the financial cost by 970 million. Eventually, companies expect higher fares and continue to improve the level of returns: the company ' s two main hubs are above the sea, and the domestic line is eastwards.
In the summer and autumn, the airline’s first-line demand will continue to drive up the company’s fare. At the same time, the full price increases for one route are starting to fall, and the company is taking an absolute lead in two of Shanghai’s markets, and if the whole price increases for Shanghai’s route are expected to increase the company’s rent.
1060 million, corresponding to a net profit elasticity of 12.6 per cent in 2017 (figure 4). Moreover, the international market for East China has fostered a nascent pattern, the supply of international routes slowed down in 2017, and the level of revenue from the international line for East China has improved most notably. And companies have begun to shift their focus to refined revenue management, with supply and demand gaps in the industry.
The passenger rate is expected to double the fare rate. Su Bo-hung, the net interest rate is in three major destinations, but the pb valuation is clearly understated and has the power to repair it.
(8610) 66216815 Large base hub is promising, international line front-loading into harvest period, yield level is expected to improve.
The inner line benefits from improved supply and demand in the industry and begins to focus on revenue management and faster performance growth. Corporate macroeconomic downturns, higher-than-expected civil aviation supply, extreme events, and higher oil prices.
Figure 3: The overall occupancy rate of Orient Airlines and its rate of increase Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market and then averaged the final rating as average market investment