There has been a marked improvement in performance, benefiting from electricity market-based reforms - the semi-annual review of the semi-annual report of 2018 by the Power International (600011), which released its semi-annual report for 2018, during which companies achieved $82,405 million in operating income.
The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 15.36% over the same period, with the same increase in the volume of electricity generated and in the prices of electricity connected to the Internet, and the company’s operating income growing steadily. In terms of the volume of electricity generated, it benefited from a higher than expected increase in the entire population in the first half of the year (9.4% over the same period), and in the first half of the year it was in the company’s territory.
In terms of online electricity prices, companies averaged $418.57/megawatt hours in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.72 per cent compared to the previous quarter, a decline of $4.98/megawatt hours. The main reason for the increase in the same rate was that the number of provinces had since 1 July 2017.
The cloud has raised the price of electricity on the Internet for fire poles, and this year's marketed transactions have narrowed, while the company marketed transactions have been the main reason for the increase in electricity consumption or the fall in the online price ring.
The fall in coal prices at Wangyunyun@cczq.com is expected to release further profit margins. The increase in revenue end-to-end prices boosted the company’s profitability by 13.15% in the first half of the year, while the unit fuel cost increased by 5.84% in the same year.
In the short term, coal stocks in major coastal power plants are high, the price of coal is falling, Zhang is too strong, and in the long run, coal has improved with the release of new coal capacity and improved power such as the production of the Monhua Railway.
The company is expected to continue to benefit if the power is better or faster. More recently, the DCRC, the Energy Authority, has called for a further push to market the electricity trade, and future electricity prices will be “base price plus float” based on the scale of the trade.
The pricing model of Motion Mechanisms, where the fire power industry wins or accelerates, is expected to continue to benefit from the electricity market reform. The company, as a leader in the fire power industry, is well-equipped and competitively competitive.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, 1,000th Hengsheng Da, Lujiang Gate Road, and Fukuda District, Fukuwa 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.