This week's industry perspective: the State Department deploys standardization of nuclear power to support industrial development and outreach.1 The medium-term strategic perspective: maintenance of faster levels with electricity growth, with a slightly tight supply pattern. Since 2018, the macroeconomic climate has risen and new industries have been using electricity.
The faster rate of increase, combined with lower temperatures at the beginning of 2018 and higher temperatures in the post-May period, has led to a faster increase in electricity use throughout the society. The increase in electricity generation was faster in 2018, and we expect a slight increase in electricity supply and demand due to the increase in the use of peak valleys. We expect a national increase in electricity to reach 7.42% in 2018, which will increase to 678.04 billion kilowatt hours, with a national capacity of more than 1.9 billion kilowatts and a 44% increase in the share of non-fosssil energy power installed by 2020;
Social power consumption reached about 7.5 trillion kilowatt-hours, and the national average of electricity generation hours increased to about 3821 hours.2 The State Council Office: deploys the standardization of nuclear power to support industrial development and outreach.
The introduction proposed the establishment of an institutional mechanism for government guidance, broad participation of relevant enterprises and institutions, and coordinated efforts to promote standardization of nuclear power; the development of a standardized system of standards for nuclear power with a unified and well-structured structure that fully supports the efficient development of nuclear power safety and nuclear power generation. By 2022, the application of standards is expected to increase significantly. The rate of adoption of autonomous nuclear power standards in the country has increased significantly, and the international impact and recognition of nuclear power standards has increased significantly.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that brings together policy foresight, markets, hot spots, industry depth and is of great value as a reference for investors seeking absolute returns.
[Excellent push]: Fulfill International (600011). [Excellent push] Industry covers the best of companies, with one to two shares per issue. Weekly updates, and, if stock offers remain the same, follow.
For the next three months, we believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market.
Cinda Securitiesco.ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown Street, Beijing City West Side.
In the first half of the year, the cumulative increase in electricity produced by the company’s running power plants in China increased cumulatively on a consolidated basis, thanks to the limited space available for the increase in power generation and loading of electric power, and the significant increase in the use of electric power units, with an increase in the use of 221 hours per hour.
In July 2017, when the price of the pyrotechnic plant was raised and the price of marketized electricity and the price of pyrotechnic electricity was reduced, in the first half of 2018, the average price of the Internet settlement (including taxes) for the company’s running power plants in China was $418.57/megawatt hours, an increase of 2.72% compared to the same year. The increase in the volume of electricity generated and the increase in the price of electricity settled contributed to a similar increase in the company’s unit fuel cost of 5.84% in the first half of 2018, and the cost of fuel increased by $7,599 million compared to the same period the previous year.
The impact offsets some of the cost pressures of rising coal prices. In the second quarter, the company ' s Maori ratio (12.78%) fell by 0.71% over the first quarter, mainly as a result of a decline in seasonal thermal income and a decrease in seasonal wind production.3 Financial costs are not rising at the same rate as harvests, and the net return on the mother after six months exceeded the previous year.
Financial costs increased by $582 million, or 12.9 per cent, over the same year, with interest expenditures increasing by $476 million, or 10.21 per cent, over the same year. But corporate financial costs increased by four, with high cash dividends and investment values highlighted. Companies declare that annual profits distributed in cash are, in principle, not less than 70 per cent of the profits that could be distributed in the current year’s consolidated statement.
• The natural gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light vehicle quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions;
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance in relation to the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria have been used, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.