The industry view this week: the average electricity generation is up and up, and the profits of the electric power industry are improving.1 The medium-term strategic view: the power increase is at a faster level and the supply pattern is slightly tight. Since 2018, the macroeconomic climate has risen, and electricity is being used in emerging industries.
Rapid growth, combined with lower temperatures at the beginning of 2018 and higher temperatures in the post-May period, has led to a faster increase in electricity use across society. In 2018, the generation of electricity was faster, and we expect a slight increase in electricity supply and demand due to the increase in the use of peak valleys. We expect a national increase in electricity to reach 7.42% in 2018, which will increase to 678.04 billion kilowatt hours, and a national capacity of more than 1.9 billion kilowatts by 2020, with an increase in the share of non-fosssil energy to 44%;
The average number of hours spent on electricity generation has increased to about 3821 for the country as a whole.2 The National Statistical Office: annual electricity generation has been innovative. The National Statistical Office published data on electricity production in July. In January-July, electricity generation increased by 7.8 per cent on a year-to-year basis.
The impact of the high demand for electricity and the continuing high temperatures rose rapidly in July, with electricity consumption growing by 5.84% per day and the ring by 11.62% per day, a record high. From the semi-annual report of 2018 published by some fire power companies, 8 of the 20 enterprises are expected to grow by the same year, while 4 are expected to lose.
The hot spots, the depths of the industry are one thing, and investors have important reference value for the pursuit of absolute returns.
The industry covers the best of the companies, with one to two shares per issue. The weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is the best we've seen for the next three months.
It's proposed to focus on Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., cindasecuritiesco.ltd.
China International (600011) The cumulative increase in electricity consumption was higher than the previous year, with the entire population using 3,229.1 million kilowatt-hours (kWh), an increase of 9.4 per cent compared to the increase in electricity and electricity generation in the first half of the year.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s running power plants in China had cumulatively completed their power generation on a consolidated basis, with a significant increase in power generation and the limited space available to install them, using 221 hours per hour. On the other hand, they benefited from the increase in the price of the poles and the lower market price of the poles in July 2017. In the first half of 2018, the company ' s running power plants in China had an average increase of 221 hours per hour.
Net settlements cost $418.57/megawatt hours (including taxes), an increase of 2.72% in the same year. Increases in power generation and settlement prices boosted corporate revenue growth in the same year, 5.84% higher unit fuel costs in the first half of 2018, and $7,599 million more fuel costs than in the same period the previous year.
The impact of reduced power revenues and reduced seasonal wind-power production.3 Financial costs are not growing at the same rate as revenue growth, and the net return on the mother is six months higher than the previous year. During the first half of 2018, corporate financial costs increased by $582 million on a year-on-year basis, 12.9 per cent, with interest spending rising by $476 million, or 10.21 per cent. But corporate financial costs rose faster than before.
The company’s declared annual cash-distribution profits are, in principle, no less than 70% of the profits distributed in the current year’s consolidated statement, highlighting the power of the industry’s leader; on the other hand, making the investment more defensive. The study: In-depth report: 2018,607 Energy International (600011.sh) reports: the profits from the increase in power generation continue to be profitable, and the value of the coal-fired tap investment becomes apparent.
• The natural gas industry chain, with special research on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light vehicle quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions;
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance in relation to the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.