Events: In the first half of 2018, the combined operating income of companies was $82,405 million, an increase of 15.36 per cent over the same period in the previous year; operating costs were $71,567 million, which is higher than HCI (600011.sh).
In the first half of the year, the electricity supply increased at a rate similar to that of the previous year, by 9.4 per cent for the entire population, which was 32.29.1 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) less than that of the first half of the year, providing 2.9 per cent of the electricity generation space for the power generation unit. In the first half of the year, 85 per cent of the cumulative electricity generated by the company ' s running power plants in China, on the basis of a combined statement, increased the power supply of the engine unit significantly by 221 hours per hour, owing to the increase in the quantity of electricity generated and the limited space available for loading the unit.
In the first half of 2017, the company’s operational power supply in China was reduced by a price increase of 2.72 per cent in the same amount. The company’s revenue was boosted by the increase in electricity generation and the increase in the settlement price.
The \triangleright Māori rate increased by 1.66 percentage points over the year, but the unit fuel cost remained high. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved Māori growth of 10.0838 billion yuan.
Corporate unit fuel costs increased by 5.84 per cent in the first half of 2018, and fuel costs increased by $7,599 million over the same period in the previous year. However, the co-effects of the company ' s power generation, rising electricity prices, offset some of the cost pressures of rising coal prices. The second quarter ' s Māori ratio (12.78 per cent) fell by 0.71 per cent compared to the first quarter, mainly as a result of a reduction in seasonal thermal revenues and a reduction in seasonal wind production.
Energy International (600011): Sustained profitability of power generation growth, lower financial costs than the recovery rate, six months after the previous year ' s net profit. In the first half of 2018, affected by the scale of debt and the same increase in average interest rates, corporate wealth, and the value of electric tap investment showed up.
Cost increases of $582 million in the same year, a 12.9% increase in the same year, with interest spending increasing by $476 million, an increase of 10.21% in the same year. But the company’s financial costs are increasing at a rate of 10.21%.
\triangleright cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City.
Risk factors: Coal market risk, electricity volume risk, electricity price risk, environmental policy risk, interest rate risk \triangleright carbon, gas industry chain, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
This report is produced and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.