Aluminium industry in China (601,600): Aluminium industry in China is released by profits from whole-of-the-industry chains that are superior or promoter of aluminum giants.
China's aluminium industry (601,600) 2019 reported the company as the world's largest producer of aluminium oxide, fine aluminium oxide, high pure aluminium, and a pool of resources such as bauxite, coal, etc.
The company has a competitive advantage in the production of whole-industry chains and high resource self-sufficiency: the company is the only industry in China that extracts, produces and sells aluminium oxides, raw aluminium and aluminium alloys with a complete integration from bauxite mining to aluminium alloy production, from logistics trade to new energy generation.
The company has large production enterprises that generate electricity from overseas bauxite, including the Guinea boffa project, as well as new energy sources.
With 1.87 billion tons of mineral resources, more than 60 years of service, the high self-sufficiency of the company's bauxite resources means that the company will receive a certain level of resource premium in the future. Moreover, the company's aluminium oxide and carbon production can be the second largest in the world in terms of primary aluminium production.
One of the highest ratings for the non-ferrous metals industry worldwide, which will help to reduce the cost of later corporate financing.  Trading plates contribute to the surcharge of revenue, with aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium plates receiving ready capacity: 94.994 billion (+15.2%) for h1, with a combined Māori rate of 7.84%. Aluminium oxide production from companies + 3.8% to 7.64 million.
Tons (combined data), of the company's three main sections, trade plates collected +22.7 to 78.15 billion yuan (82.3 per cent of the total), profits + 83.8 to 530 million yuan, increased trade volume and price trends (-4.3 per cent) and two drops in prices resulted in pressure on the original aluminium business, but the profits were increased by the same margin as aluminum.
+103 million to 404 million yuan. Outside the main business, the company has an investment gain of $580 million (disposal of aluminum in China, South China Sea, and Ningxia) and an asset disposal gain of $560 million (Sang Sihua disposal of electrolytic aluminium indicators).
With the steady yield advantage of the supply stability of the original aluminium, we expect the company's aluminium oxide and aluminium operations to grow to around 11 billion yuan, and the Māori rate to rise from 9.7 per cent to 13.4 per cent.
Net assets and liabilities add 3.53 billion to China’s rare soil, thereby holding 23.94% of China’s rare soil stock. This is conducive to enhancing China’s rare soil profitability and to boosting the size of its unowned assets and its corresponding revenue collection, which we expect to generate about 845 million cash flow revenues for the company.
Aluminium supply, demand, or seasonal improvement, is expected to rebound: aluminium price vulnerability is expected to end. The suspension of companies like Shandong Wei Bridge has led to a contraction in supply and reduced downward pressure on prices.
Industry demand or ring rises, and seasonal improvements in the supply and demand environment will provide a staged support for aluminium prices.
Aluminium industry in China (601,600): Exploited profits from whole-chain advantages or boosts of the aluminium giants.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invests in the business of Sky-Eyed Real Estate.
Researching in the non-ferrous metals industry.
9 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: served as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Copper in Multimedia: Three prizes from the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange for the marketing of soybean futures, and Sino-Kin shares for the marketing of soybeans. Author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, specifically recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Aluminium industry in China (601,600): Exploiting profits from a whole industry chain advantage or boosting a big aluminium industry does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.