Growth of non-profits is robust, and performance is expected to improve continuously - China's aluminium industry (601,600) reported to be stable overall, with a decline in non-recurring gains and losses leading to a decline in profits
The combined Māori ratio of 2019h1 was 7.84 per cent, a decline of 0.12 ptt from the same year; mainly the impact of the low Māori trading business uplifting and the downside effects of aluminium prices. The average spot price of shfe aluminum in the first half of the year fell by 4.3 per cent from the same year, the original aluminium business income fell by 10 per cent from Māori on the same basis, and the aluminium oxide business as a whole was stable.
At the same time, investment gains of $584 million (disposal of subsidiary shares) from 2019h1 investments, and the Assets Unit, compared to trends in depth of 300 million yuan (net gains on the disposal of electrolytic aluminium in San Francisco) contributed significantly to performance.
A small increase in the cost of sales, and a further expected decline in the financial cost rate, increases in the volume of coal sales, leading to higher freight costs; a small slippage in the administrative cost rate (1.73 per cent) and the financial cost rate (2.61 per cent). A total of $20 billion in low-cost bonds was issued by companies in the first half of the year to replace stock debt, reducing the weighted average interest rate.
31bp; Fitch has raised the corporate subject rating from “bb+” to “a-”, and subsequent financing costs are expected to decrease. Replenishment is rare in China.
14.62 per cent equity. The company recapitalizes China ' s rare soil with the net assets associated with the production line of the metal thorium, adding the metal thorium assets to the company ' s non-owning assets, and injects the rare earth into China with greater synergy, which is conducive to enhancing the profitability of the rare thulls in China and to the long-term return of the company.
Research assistant: Xue Shayang, considering the impact of company-owned stabilization and impairment losses of 2,472 million yuan in 2018, performance in 2019, risk of lower aluminium prices, slower production and delivery of capacity than expected, and risk of over-expected downward demand downstream.
Quarterly: Recovering performance growth, mid-2019: industry improvement, rapid corporate performance, summary of corporate financial statement data projections
Xue Shayang, Bachelor of Actuarials and Master of Financial Mathematics, University of Monash, Australia, are engaged in non-ferrous metal industry and corporate research. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting industry association of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and the conclusion is not subject to any third party approval or influence.