China's petrochemicals (600028.sh/00386.hk) recorded an increase of 56.3 per cent in the previous three quarters, with strong refining profitability.
RMB, of which three quarters earned 77,2.7 billion yuan in operating income, yoy+33.4 per cent was recorded as net profit of the mother $18.4 billion, yoy+62.9 per cent. The international crude oil price hub moved upwards, the domestic natural demand was strong in Diego, and the company's year-round performance in exploration and exploitation was expected to be reversed, coupled with strong refining profitability and the company's entire year of operation.
Higher performance is likely to be maintained, additional company cash flows are sufficient, there is a high probability of continuing high dividends, international oil prices rise, and the upstream exploration and development panel suffer significant losses: international oil prices continued to shock up in the first three quarters of 18 years, Brent crude oil at an average spot price of $72.1 per barrel, yoy+39.2 per cent, selected plus
Domestic gas demand has been strong, with an increase of 18.0 per cent in apparent gas consumption over the previous three quarters, and the company's upstream exploration and exploitation business has improved significantly. The company achieved 33.534 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, yoy+0.8 per cent, of which 186.5 million barrels of crude oil, yoy+0.2 per cent, and natural gas in the previous three quarters.
US$ 5.81 per thousand cubic feet, yoy+13.0 per cent for natural gas, US$/barrells, yoy+38.4 million, loss of $1.08 billion in exploration and exploitation plate operations, a significant loss of $25.440 billion in comparison, which is expected to be reversed over the course of the year as the median international oil price moves upwards.
Millions of tons, yoy + 3.0%, and production of finished oils of 116 million tons, yoy + 3.5%, of which petrol, diesel, kerosene production of 0.46, 0.49, 22 million tons, yoy + 7.0%, 1.8%, 9.0% respectively. Refined oil plates have reduced the yield ring ratio. Chemical plates, ethylene production of companies in the last three quarters, have decreased.
Youy+2.9 per cent of the total number of chemical products operating at 64.98 million, yoy+12.8 per cent, benefiting from the stable performance of the chemical industry in marketing and distribution plates and faster revenues from non-oil operations: the first three quarters of the company produced faster oil and, by the end of the third quarter, the number of convenience stores amounted to 26981, yoy+4.7 per cent.
Quarterly marketing and distribution plates yielding business gains of $23.39 billion, which is almost equal to the previous year, and upstream exploration and development plates are expected to make a positive annual gain and contribute to year-round performance growth: the current Brent crude oil futures settlement price is $72.89/bpd, yoy+2.5 per cent, up from $85/bpb in the previous period
Trade friction raises concerns about global economic growth, uncertainty about whether the cut-off agreement will be renewed after the end of 18 years, and geopolitical conflict, the US withdrawal from Iran’s nuclear agreement and the US crude oil transport bottlenecks, increasing uncertainty in future oil markets.
But crude oil prices are still expected to remain high for some time. According to Regulation 135, the country ' s natural output in 2020 is estimated to be 20.7 billion cubic metres, with a combined rate of 12%, better than the company ' s exploration and development operations, and the plate is expected to lose a full year and increase the company ' s performance.
An increase of 38.7 per cent compared to the end of the previous year, with a higher probability of continuing the high score and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.