PIC (600028.sh/00386.hk) issued an advance performance announcement for the first three quarters, and the company expects to achieve a significant increase in the performance of its parent in the first three quarters, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The international oil price hub has moved upwards and the Ministry of Exploration and Development is expected to make a profit throughout the year: 18 years ago, in the third quarter, the international price of oil continued to vibrate, with the average price of Brent's crude oil futures settlement rising by $72.79 per barrel, an increase of 38.6 per cent over the same period, with an average price of $75.84 per barrel for the third quarter, an increase of 45.4 per cent over the same period.
Performance improved considerably, with $318 million in loss in the first quarter, $5.45 billion in loss, and a second percentage point in decline. Stimulating by high oil prices, the third quarter of the plate is likely to have been reversed to a profit, fueled by oil price, and the price of finished oil has been revised several times: affected by the rise in international oil prices, nine years ago, 18 years ago.
The National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) has made 20 cumulative price increases for diesel fuel, of which 12 have been revised upwards, 7 have been revised downwards, 1 has been stranded. The price of diesel fuel has increased cumulatively by $1260 and 1230 tons, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year, and the price of finished oil is expected to increase by $210 per ton on 19 October.
The latest prices for diesel fuel and aviation gasoline were $8610, $7565 and $10177 per ton, respectively, higher oil prices compared to the same prices, which guaranteed higher growth in company performance.
The company’s petrochemical downstream product maintains a high profile, with rising prices for chemical products, on the one hand, and supply-side reforms, high environmental stress, on the other. According to figures from the National Statistical Office, the manufacturing of chemical raw materials and chemical products rose by 7.0 per cent in September 18, and the manufacturing of chemical fibres by 7.0 per cent.
At the end of the purchase price, the chemical raw materials class rose by 5.8 per cent on the same basis, maintaining a high profile and increasing performance of the enabling company.
The crude oil futures settlement price was $80.05 per barrel, an increase of 38.3 per cent over the same year, and the ring price increased by 5.6 per cent over the three-quarter average. International oil prices did not increase in the second half of the year, owing to trade frictions and geopolitical conflicts, but the Oec cut-off agreement was extended until the end of 18 years to support the oil market.
In addition, as the country ' s energy structure is further adjusted, gas demand will continue to grow rapidly, with 18 years ago, 18.4 billion cubic metres of gas were seen to have been consumed, an increase of 18.2 per cent over the previous August, better than the company ' s exploration and development operations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.