les.
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
LONGi – A (601012 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB31.23
(Previous TP
RMB34.62)
LONGi reported strong FY19/1Q20 earnings results, with net profit read
Up/Downside
+12.1%
RMB5,280mn/1,864mn, up 106.4%/205.1% YoY respectively. We think the
Current Price
RMB27.85
strong growth momentum is about to face headwinds, as impacts from COVID-
19 spreading around major solar installation market such as US and Europe will
emerge from 2Q20. Continuous price-cutting among the PV supply chain would be
China Solar Sector
an exhibit of demand disruption. We think earnings visibility for FY20E is low, implying
significant uncertainties for both product ASP and shipment volume. We cut TP by
Robin Xiao
9.8% to RMB31.23 to reflect ASP risks. We think LONGi is fairly priced for now, and
suggest staying on the sideline until recovery signal is confirmed. Maintain HOLD.
Outstanding FY19 results. LONGi recorded 49.6% YoY revenue growth in
FY19 to RMB32.9bn, Strong revenue growth was driven by 139.3%/23.4%
Stock Data
mono wafer and module shipment YoY growth (see Figure 2). Overall GPM
was 28.9%, up 6.7% YoY, mainly backed by stunning wafer GPM of 32.2%
and module GPM of 25.2%. Net profit was RMB5.28bn, up 106.4% YoY, close
to high end of earnings preview.
Surprising good 1Q20 earnings. To market's surprise, LONGi's strong
earnings growth momentum continued in 1Q20, with revenue surged 50.6%
to RMB8,599mn, and quarter net profit reached RMB1.86bn refreshing record
high. In 1Q20, the Company maintained stable QoQ wafer sales and
significant decline in QoQ module shipment, but manage to boost module
sales ASP through increasing module export to the US market. According to
Share Performance
mgmt., 450MW modules were ship to US market, accounting for 24% of
quarter shipment which enjoyed significant pricing premium. 1Q20 wafer and
module GPM were high at 39.7% and 22.5% respectively, reflecting the
Company's effort in costs reduction and efficiency improvement.
Headwinds to emerge in 2Q20. Mgmt. maintained FY20 wafer/module
Source: Bloomberg
shipment (internal usage incl.) targets at 58GW/20GW unchanged, in view of 1)
~8GW module order was secured; and 2) optimistic outlook that order flow to pick
12-mth Price Performance
up as US and Europe to resume functional from city lockdown mode. We are
afraid that the demand disruption will end LONGi's stunning growth momentum,
as wafer/module price had declined 14.7%/4.1% since 25 Mar. As market visibility
is still low, we expect there will be further price cut coming. We trim our
wafer/module ASP assumption down by 4.4%/6.8% to RMB2.39/pc and
RMB1.52/watt, reflecting FY20E GPM of 29.1%/17.4% respectively.
Earnings growth to slow down in FY20E. Based on our revised ASP and
costs assumptions, we trim LONGi's FY20/21E EPS outlook by 7.6%/2.7% to
RMB1.49/1.80. Based on 21x FY20 PER, we cut TP by 9.3% to RMB31.23.
LONGi is close to fairly priced given potential risks. Maintain HOLD.
Earnings Summary
Auditor: PwC
Accelerating wafer costs reduction in 2019. LONGi accelerated its wafer
costs reduction pace in FY19. Mgmt. disclosed that 1) non-silicon ingots costs
had declined 25.46% YoY, and 2) non-silicon wafer cutting costs also declined
26.5% YoY. We estimate overall non-silicon wafer costs dropped to
RMB0.91/pc in 2019. Mgmt. expects to have another 10% overall non-silicon
costs reduction in 2020, and explained further costs saving would be source
from a) thinner wafer and diamond wire for wafer thickness from 180µm down
to 160µm in the coming 1-2 years, and 2) increasing yield, from currently 93%
to 95%. We think LONGi is currently leading in the costs race ahead of peers,
and higher GPM achieved in 1Q20 was a good demonstration of its costs
leadership, which helped the Company to sustain relatively stable profitability
in the potential price war.
Strong operating cash flow, but somewhat stretching payables. The
Company recognized operating cash inflow of RMB8.16bn in 2019,
significantly increased from RMB1.17bn in 2018. We anticipate accounts
payable increment as one of the key drivers for operating cash inflow, as the
account increased RMB5.2bn. Mgmt. explained payables in relation to solar
material manufacturing increased only RMB1.3bn, which was a result of
expanding business scale, while the remaining increment was largely due to
material and equipment related to new project expansion. We think the
Company somewhat stretched payables in 2019 due to its massive CAPEX
plans, but it would also be market consensus understanding that such strong
operating cash inflow cannot sustain in coming years.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.