Ningpo Bank, the charges are bright, the credit is positive, and Ningpo Bank's profit growth in the first three quarters is up to expectations, the charges are fast growing, and the net balance on the books is running.
Keeping up, the quality of the assets remains relatively high in the industry. Consider the company’s long-term profitability in order to increase its profits in line with expectations, the fees are bright, the fees are bright, and the credit is active.
Ningpo Bank ' s net profit increased by 20.0 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, at the same level as in the first half of the year, and was in line with our expectations (20 per cent). Corporate revenue continued to increase at a rate of 0.7 per cent to 20.4 per cent more than in the first half of the year.
The first three quarters of Ningpo Bank had a rate difference of 1.82 per cent (1.81 per cent in the first half of vs), the elimination of new financial instrument guidelines 2.04 per cent in the first three quarters (2.07 per cent in the first half of vs), a three-quarter interest difference after the reduction of calibre, the upward trend in the cost of liabilities or the periodicization of corporate deposits and the improvement in the cost of peer liabilities
At the end of the asset, the loan portfolio remained positive, with a 6.41% increase in the loan ring, which helped to maintain a relatively stable rate of return on the loan in the context of the lpr rollout.
Ningpo Bank assets remain robust, with a negative rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of the three seasons, the ring level at the end of the two seasons, and the non-performing lending rate continues to be low in the industry. At the end of the three seasons, loans of concern decreased by 6 bp to 0.57 per cent in comparison with the two quarters, and the quality of corporate assets continued to be excellent. We measure the negative production rate of about 0.30 per cent in the three quarters of the company.
The company continues to build up its provisions, with a maximum level of coverage at the end of the three-quarter period. Previously, the Ministry of Finance published Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (Consultative Drafts), which cover more than 300% of the public funds, and will focus on the positive resilience that credit costs can bring to the company’s performance in the future.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
I'm very impressed with the growth in profit and the cost of the transaction.
Ningpo Bank ' s net profit increased by 20.0 per cent in the previous three quarters, the same level as in the first half of the year, meeting our expectations (20 per cent). Corporate revenue continued to rise, rising by 0.7 to 20.4 per cent more than in the first half of the year.
The first three quarters of Ningpo Bank had a rate difference of 1.82 per cent (1.81 per cent in the first half of vs.), the first three quarters had a rate difference of 2.04 per cent (2.07 per cent in the first half of vs.) after the elimination of the impact of the new financial instruments guidelines, and the three quarters after the reduction of the calibre had been reduced, mainly because of the increase in the cost of the end of the liability.
According to (2.8 per cent), in the context of the lpr roll-out, the rate of return on loans has remained relatively stable; asset quality has remained robust and the base of provision has been further strengthened; Ningpo Bank assets have remained robust, with an adverse rate of 0.78 per cent at the end of the three seasons, the ring has remained stable at the end of the two seasons, and the non-performing loan rate has remained stable.
At the end of the quarter, loans of concern decreased by 6 bp to 0.57 per cent in comparison with the two quarters, and the quality of corporate assets continued to be excellent. We measured that the negative production rate for the three quarters was about 0.30 per cent, at a low level, and 19 bp was lower than in the two quarters. The firm continued to build up its provisions, raising the coverage of the three seasons by 3 pc to 525 per cent, raising the loan allocation ratio by 1 bp to 4.10 per cent, and maintaining the maximum level of the banks on the list.
Prior to the Ministry of Finance’s Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises (Appropriation Draft), the company’s provision coverage was well over 300%, with future interest in the positive elasticity that lending costs could bring to the company’s performance. Ningpo Bank’s profitability remained excellent, its performance increased, and the roe level remained at the forefront of the industry, with the company’s asset quality performance at the same level.
At the same time, the shareholding ratio of private shareholders to management in the Ningpo bank equity structure is significantly higher than that of listed bankers, bringing the company a genetically modified private market to be different from that of other banks, management pragmatic stability, and a strong local market base, which we consider to be an important factor in the company’s estimation of a premium over the industry’s central level. We maintain the company’s 19/20 net profit growth forecast of 19.0%/18.7%.
As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Economic development affects the real economy’s performance and profitability, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector.
Uncertainty and follow-up still require close attention to the dynamics of the economy.