Industrial 4.0 builds core competitiveness, technology leads the profit moat, and silicon taps have become more dynamic. The tcl middle ring is the world’s largest photovoltile single-crysilica firm, achieving business income of 31,698 million yuan (+79.7 per cent) and a net return to the mother of 2,917 million yuan (+92.1 per cent).
Industry has continued to fall by 4.0, leading by automation to improve global competitiveness. Companies rely on industry 4.0 and intelligence to create efficiency gains, leading by indicators such as silicon consumption per unit, silicon silica output rate, a product rate, etc. Silicon prices lag behind non-silicon costs and the advantages of business stability are expected to expand. In addition, forward-looking industries are expected to increase significantly.
4.0 and the configuration of smart plants have led companies in automating and standardizing industries, and overseas expansion is more replicable and is expected to enhance competitiveness and increase their share in the trend of photovoltaic firms to build their plants abroad. Silicon silicon technology has a multi-dimensional lead + a stable supply of raw materials is set to protect the city for profit.
g12 Silicon companies, large sizes, thinnings, n-types, etc., are ahead of technology; in order to guarantee stability of supply, companies participate, invest in silicon production capacity, lock in over 30% of the imported silicon sand supply in the industry, and the release of silicon production is expected to maintain a higher crop rate and increase profitability.
A sum of $9 billion was spent on the 50gwg 12 silicon silicon project in Ningxia, which is expected to produce silicon tablets in 2022-2024, with rapid start-up of tiles and a boost to the globalization of manufacturing with the use of maxeon. In late June of 2022, the ECU component was able to produce 11gw, with a substantial increase of 94% to 3gw in the first half of the year.
In addition, the company, which is the second largest shareholder of the maxeon, is expected to rely on its deep overseas channels for sedimentation, ibc-plus technological advantages, and North American productivity to accelerate the globalization of manufacturing and consolidate its global leadership in the light industry.
The semiconductor silicon production capacity accelerates release and downstream certification continues to advance. The company is the country’s leading semiconductor silicon producer, with a well-structured product and a steady progress in product certification, with a projected 8 inches/12 inches of silicon production capacity of 1,000,000 m/m by the end of 2022, with semiconductor operations expected to move forward with certification.
(8621) 61357595 U.W.  Competition increases risk, silicon price volatility, high-purity rock sand supply risk, low production capacity build progress
With the expected risks, the new business market is not opening up to the expected risks, and the risk of a market-restricted share is being lifted.
For more than 60 years in the semiconductor industry, the old silicon head was cast. tcl New Energy Technology in Central Circulation Ltd., formerly the Tianjin City Semiconductor Materials Factory, founded in 1958, and Tianjin City's Third Semiconductor Device Plant, founded in 1969, entered the solar single crystal silicon manufacturing field in 1981 and was the largest in the country.
One of the enterprises involved in the field of light voltage earlier; the restructuring of the stock system in 2004 and its listing on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in April 2007; the investment in the construction of solar-grade single crystal silicon plants in 2009 in Inner Mongolia; the scale of the production of photovoltaic single crystal silicon; and the transformation of the company into a tcl group in 2020.
In July 2020, tcl technology acquired 100% of the company’s shareholders in tcl (Tianjin) by competitive bidding and became public.
tclTechnology, tclTechnology (Tianjin) has increased its ownership of the company several times, and since 2022 tclTechnology (Tianjin) has continued to increase its stock to a total of 5.92 million shares, or 1.83%, and as of 30 June 2022, tclTtcT held direct and indirect shares in the company.
Once this has been completed, the efficiency of the company ' s operations and its marketization has improved overall. 1) Optimization of decision-making mechanisms, improved management efficiency: when this has been completed, the marketization of the company has increased, the decision-making mechanisms have become more flexible, significantly shortening the time cycle for project planning, site selection and local contracting.
Increasing productivity expansion efficiency, contributing to rapid scale-up and marketization in the context of the rapid development of the photovoltaic industry: as a result of the mixage, companies are actively engaged in organizational change and pay system reform, with the launch on 12 August 2022 of the Staff Holding Plan (draft) with the objective of evaluating
Billions of dollars (repurchases completed) will help to improve the long-term effectiveness of corporate incentives, to mobilize sufficient motivation and creativity, to attract and retain good managerial talent and business cadres, and to promote high corporate staff cohesion and core corporate competitiveness.
On November 5, 2021, the company launched a non-public fund of US$ 199 million for the 50gw (g12) solar-grade single-crysilica silicon material smart plant project, the first of which was G12 on January 17, 2022.
The monocrystals went off smoothly, and the project is now starting to start production, with production expected to gradually reach production in 2023, at which time the company ' s 210-volt silicon production capacity will be further upgraded to 144gw. 1.2 photovolt & semiconductor double-wheel drive, with continued high performance.
In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $4.1105 billion, an increase of 115.7 per cent, a net gain of $4.03 billion, a net gain of 27.03 per cent, a net gain of $2.917 billion, and an increase of 92.10 per cent. The higher performance was mainly due to the rapid increase in the size of silicon tablets and production.
The accelerated transformation of the product structure, coupled with technological advances, industry ' s 4.0 contribution to mitigation efficiency, a decline of nearly 6 per cent in the consumption of silicon for the single-bit product of company 2022h1 over the same period, an increase of 19 per cent in the monthly production capacity of single-crystal furnaces and a significant increase in the product rate of silicon a, an increase of 19 per cent in the number of kilograms produced under the thickness of silicon tablets, and a continuous improvement in profitability.
Figure 6: Company revenue in 2016-2022h1 (millions of yuan) Main business: New energy & semiconductor. Corporate business can be divided into new energy sources and semiconductors. New energy business: Main photovoltaic silicon, components and downstream power stations, with single crystals as the core product.
Silicon tablets. New energy materials have contributed more than 80% of income and Māori over the last five years, benefiting from increased silicon production capacity, an increase in g12 products, a rapid increase in revenue and profits from new energy materials, and an increase in revenue/Māori to 92.21%/86.69% in the first half of 2022.
Semiconductor operations: Focus on semiconductor silicon tablets, which in recent years has been driven by an expansion in the size of production and sales, with an increase of 79.90 per cent over the same period in the first half of 2022 and 4.85 per cent/7.05 per cent over the same period. 2 silicon links: cost competition back on the stage, core consumption shortages magnifying the dominant edge.
2.1 Demand: The era of price parity has begun, the demand for photovoltaics has continued to rise, the energy transition has become a global consensus, and the penetration rate of photovoltaics is expected to rise rapidly. In September 2020, China announced its efforts to reach carbon peaks by 2060, and by 2030, the EU, the United States, Japan.
The major economies have also set carbon neutrality and targets for the 30-40-year implementation cycle, and the energy transition has evolved into a global consensus. In 2022, the geopolitical turmoil, on 28 February, Germany proposed a target of 100% renewable energy generation ahead of 15-2035, and on 8 March the EU proposed a name.
For the repowereu program, which aims to move away from Russia’s dependence on fossil fuels by 2030, “energy is in its own hands” has become a global consensus. But global photovoltaics accounted for less than 2% of energy consumption in 2021, they accounted for only 3.6% of global electricity generation, and energy transformation.
Still in the early stages, the super-growth cycle of power generation from new energy sources has begun, and photovoltaic penetration rates are expected to rise rapidly.
The cost of photovoltaic electricity has declined rapidly, and the price-neutral era has begun. The cost of photovoltaics has declined rapidly in recent years, with a global average construction cost of 857USd/kw in 2021 and a global weighted average of crystalline silicone photovoltaic projects, which have fallen to about $0.048/degree, already below the price of industrial electricity in 27 European countries.
(0.102-0.301usd/kwh) and residential electricity prices (0.115-0.382usd/kwh); the global average cost of photovoltaic power generation is projected to decrease to $0.04 in 2022, more than 27 per cent lower than coal-fired electricity generation.
The global demand for photovoltaics has continued to rise. Since 2021, with a combination of price parity, epidemics, double carbon, new global energy sources have been rapidly expanding in scale of potential demand, and photovoltaics have become the world’s largest sub-regions with the least cost of electricity irreversible, with countries “accelerating clean energy transformation,”
In the context of raising energy independence to a high level of strategic claims, we believe that the demand for photovoltaics will continue to grow at a high rate, with a projected 2.2 cost competition for global loadings in the neutral scenario of 2022-2024 returning to the stage, with core consumption shortages magnifying the dominant advantage.
Silicon competition patterns: oligopoly patterns, with output spread mainly within the country. The world’s main silicon production capacity is distributed domestically, with domestic production accounting for 98.1 per cent in 2021 and production 97.3 per cent. The single silicone industry is currently double-occupational, with a combined output of about 49 per cent in 2021 in Lungi and Central Ring.
Silicon monocrysil tablets experienced a rapid increase in market occupancy by 2021. Since 2015, silicone rod end rcz (multiple-loaded crystallized) techniques + slice end gold cut applications + battery endperc technologies should be promoted and single-crystal cell efficiency increased faster than multi-crystal batteries, and the cost decreased more rapidly.
Single crystal silicone gradually replaced polycrystals with a value-for-money advantage, rapidly increasing market share in the incremental market, enabling the expansion of the capacity of the producers to be digested downstream, with production in a tight state, and being the best supply-demand link in the entire industry chain. During the dividend period, single silicone prices were anchored in multiple silicone tablets, and the surplus was higher.
After the end of the dividend period in 2021, single crystal silicon is entering the stock market. With the completion of the replacement base for multiple crystal silicon silicon, single crystal silicon market occupancy has been limited and has reached a phase of relatively overcapacity.
Measuring the effective supply of silicon material in 2022 for approximately 310-330 gw silicon tablets, and the single crystal at the end of 2022, silicon production capacity will reach 588 gw. Due to different cycles of silicon and silicon expansion, the current mismatch of supply and demand between upstream and downstream is likely to continue over the long term, even assuming stock capacity in 2019 and before.
(approx. 120gw) Due to the absence of large-scale modifications, the value of the silicon is still more effective than silicon in 2022, and most silicon enterprises are not able to keep their production full or will gradually return to the center of the stage. With the new large-scale production capacity released, single crystals will be released.
In the end, silicon production capacity will move towards a substantial surplus (especially small-scale capacity), and product pricing logic will revert to the cost curve pricing model, the cost will be the most important element of the silicon chain competition.
The cost of silicon is mainly the cost of consumables and manufacturing, high-purified stone sand is scarce or affects the pattern of competition. The cost of silicon nonsilicon is mainly the cost of silicon, the consumption of slicing (pills, hot fields, gold lines, etc.) and the cost of manufacturing electricity, depreciation, etc.. Since silicon prices have remained high, silicon silicon silicon has been used in recent years.
Firms accelerate the expansion of thin fragmentation and silicon consumption continues to decline; major fuel-intensive hotfields, relatively high supply of gold lines, relatively stable technical routes, followed by higher prices or space for decline; high core raw materials of quartz; low supply of pure quartz sands; high-quality inner sand supply; or non-silicon cost of influencing silicon links.
To limit the start-up rate of second-line and new entrants, thus affecting the competitive pattern of the industry. Figure 23: Cost composition of silicon silicon
• Red wire — coolant — other manufacturing costs
The cost of silicon is not the cost of silicon in the slices, and the cost of silicon is the same as the supply of silicon, and the silicon is profitable or keeps the same trend as silicon in the 2022s.
The silicon silicon chain, which is significantly excess to silicon, has maintained a relatively high level of profit, mainly due to four points: 1) we believe that the silicon silicon chain is affected by logistical delays, the overhaul of existing production lines and the reptilisation of new production lines, and that the rate of release of the new supply remains slow; 2) some of the old silicon silicon silicon silos are set up.
(c) New release of silicon supplies in 2022, which were heavily locked in advance by head companies and failed to obtain sufficient supply of silicon to increase start-up rates and silicon output;
End dynamics benefit from some of the “low-priced raw material stocks.” At present, it appears that the relatively high levels of profitability associated with silicon are expected to be maintained, with the release of silicon supplies, the silicon chain is profitable or the same trend as silicon, given the trend of maintaining strong demand for the 2022h2 terminal and the continued tight supply of silicon materials.
3 silicon tablets: industry 4.0 builds core competitiveness, technology takes the lead in profit moating river 3.1 industry 4.0 continues to drop, automation improves global competitiveness 4.0 industry, smart manufacturing multi-dimensional mitigation efficiency gains. Companies rely on industry 4.0 and smart manufacturing around it.
In the crystal link, the company's single-stage monthly production has continued to increase, and the consumption of silicon per unit of product has taken a significant lead in the industry; and in the chip link, the company has been fine-lined.
The thin-filtration improvement process, with a significant increase in silicon silicon output and a product rate, and a significant advance in industry in single kilos of silicon thickness. 1) The technology has improved production capacity and reduced depreciation: at the end of 2020, the company's single crystal output was 55gw, of which 55gw.
(b) Smart plant savings on labour costs: in 2020, the company implemented a diamond cut in Tianjin region.
(c) Material savings from flexible manufacturing in industrial 4.0 plants: the use of silicon by companies is one of the most flexible in the industry to achieve high loss control of silicon materials while meeting production requirements.
Figure 24: Continuous improvements in the staffing of the company's single-crystal table 25: Continuous improvements in the efficiency of the company's 12 single stations
In recent years, the continued high price of silicon has led to a decline in the non-silicon cost ratio, with subsequent supply of silicon gradually releasing.
The cost ratio of non-silicon will increase gradually. Companies will continue to increase their production through industrial layouts like 4.0, smart chemical plants, etc. Single stove production, lower non-silicon costs, and non-silicon costs will be expected to increase even more than production costs.
On May 18, the EU announced a repowereu energy program to accelerate the green energy shift.
The United States House of Representatives passed the Inflation Reduction Act (ira) on 13 August, which introduced a series of tax credits and subsidies for the United States-based photovoltaic industry, which are expected to target the United States.
The incentives to invest in home-grown manufacturing play a more prominent role. In a context of strong Euro-American subsidies for home-based manufacturing, photo-voltaic firms compete for market shares, they either build plants abroad or move on to become a means of increasing competitiveness.
In developed countries such as Europe and America, labour costs are high. According to the U.S. Photovoltaic Industry Practitioners ' Survey 2018, the median wage for non-electric utility planters is $18.92 for entry-level workers, and $32.43 for mid-level workers.
US$ 1,400, almost six to eight times the cost of domestic labour, may also face a trade union organization Industry 4.0  Intelligent Plants
The impact of product quality, which, according to the company, requires around 13,000 people at the same capacity level, while the competitor requires 30-40 million people, and the company ' s chip factory now has a per capita output of 10 million people/years, with an automated, standardized industry leading and a high degree of replicability when it expands overseas, and is expected to follow up.
Figure 28: Automotive production line 4.0 for corporate industry Figure 30: Lead industry in corporate chip-end production efficiency
Figure 29: The company crystal end production efficiency industry leads 3.2 large dimensions, thinning, n-sized multi-dimensional technology leads 3.2.1g12 large-sized silicon lead enterprises, with capacity expansion magnifying technological advantages
On August 16, 2019, at Tianjin's launch, the company launched a series of g12 silicon tablets with a 75-61% increase in the area of g1 (158.75 mm)/m6 (166mm) silicon tabletery, which could significantly reduce the lcoe downstream.
In November 2021, the Ministry of Information and Technology specified in the 14th Five-Year Industrial Green Development Plan the development of high-size, high-efficiency photovoltaic components, which can be highly sized.
Helping silicon and downstream batteries, assemblies, power stations to achieve an accelerator downscaling: 1) silicon links, which reduce single-watt energy consumption costs in large sizes by increasing single-crystal bar diameters, with a share in the cost of slices; 2) battery and assembly manufacturing links, with large sizes that reduce the cost of single-watt processing, such as humans, utilities, etc.
Test data from Fraunhofer in Germany show that 210-605w components in capex and lcoe can produce a decrease of 6.47% and 6.50% relative to 166 components.
There is a clear trend towards large-scale battery and assembly capacity, with new manufacturers choosing an extra 210-down-compatibility route. According to pvinfolink, at the end of 2021, the cell capacity reached 173gw and 176gw, respectively, and for the first time exceeded 182 battery assembly units, with an expected 210 battery and assembly capacity at the end of 2022.
At 278 and 300gw, respectively, new production lines have been created in integrated components, such as Trina and the East Sunrise.
The main consideration is to avoid significant impairment of stock assets; historical burdens such as coronation, orientation, and smaller firms opt to build a new 210 production line, with a capacity ratio of 77 per cent to 87 per cent at the end of 2021 for batteries and components compatible with 210 at the end of the year.
Batteries, Convergence shares, Aishu shares, more layout of route 210. In 2020, the Convergence shares are set to build two 210-sized battery projects, which are expected to yield a good share of G12 battery capacity in 2023 as compared to the 210 product chain, and the ecological alliance continues to expand.
Thirty-nine companies, such as downstream components, staircases, and reverse transformers, set up “600w + photovoltaic ecological unions” to expand and expand large-scale ecological alliances.