The Tianjin City State-owned semiconductor plant, which focuses on the development and production of single crystal silicon, entered the photovoltile silicon area in 1981 and is now one of the global photovolcose silicon bipolars, forming photovoltage plus semiconductor materials.
In 2007, the company was listed on a small and medium-sized board, and in 2020 it implemented a mix-up, introduced tcl technology as a controlling shareholder, and implemented a series of measures to promote corporate efficiency gains. In 2021, the company generated 77% of the company’s operating income, and 15% of its photovoltaic components.
Photovoltaic silicone production continues to expand, with large sizes, thin slices, and n-forming leading industries. By the end of 2021, the company ' s photovoltaic silicone production was 88gw, a 60% increase over the same period; by the end of 2022, the company ' s silicone production is expected to reach 140gw, a 59% increase over the same period.
By 2021, the company had taken the lead in launching a price for n silicon and a price for 155 m thick p silicon, reflecting the company’s leading position in the direction of thin silica and n-silica.
The old semiconductor material industry, with increased production capacity and research and development investment, will be able to grow in the future. The company has cultivated semiconductor material for more than 60 years, with direct-law and zone molten techniques and full-size semiconductor silicon silicon volume capacity. By the end of 2021, the company had 6 inches and below 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon.
With a capacity of 50/75/17 million per month, it is expected to reach 90/1002 million by the end of 2022.In 2021, the company significantly increased its investment in semiconductor material plate research and development, mainly for 12 inches of semiconductor silicone, to improve the competitiveness of semiconductor products in line with large industry-size trends.
There is increasing competition in the photovoltaic silicon sector, and the competitive advantage of the head business remains significant. In 2019-2021, the light silicon industry increased its productivity at a higher rate, with more new entrants, with a lower output concentration of cr2 per capita, and a more pronounced advantage in the manufacturing capacity of the head enterprise.
The company was established in 1958 as a semiconductor material factory in Tianjin City, and began to work in the solar crystals in 1981 and was listed in late 2007 as the first house in Tianjin City to be listed.
The Division stepped up the pace of business expansion, starting with the development of a photovoltaic power station in 2014, establishing the East Ring in 2015, developing a component operation, building a production base for 8-12 inches of integrated circuits, producing large silicon tablets in 2017, distribution in 2019, and selling 210 mm-sized g12 super-silicon silicon "paternity" series products.
In July of that year, the tcl tech group became the controlling shareholder of the company. Mr. Li Dongsheng, the company’s de facto controller, indirectly holding 29.81% of the company’s shares through the tcl tech group, directly holding 0.07% of the company’s shares, totalling 29.88%. Mr. Li Dongsheng is the founder and chairman of the tcl.
Six representatives, Vice-President of the National Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and Vice-President of the International Chamber of Commerce of China. When tcl technology became a holding stock, a series of measures were implemented to accelerate the efficiency of the company’s upgrading, such as equity incentives, tcl finance company letters, 210 photovolts of silicon and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon.
Changes in land landing and control have given new impetus to the company’s business development. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure maps, repurchase shares for employee holding schemes or equity incentives.
Implementation of a options incentive scheme for business people, with a target net profit growth rate of no less than 30 per cent for two years (three employee holding schemes, targeting core managerial cadres, core technical cadres, marketing business cadres, “smiths and crafts” talent, etc., achieving a deep binding of core staff and corporate interests, and promoting companies together
The company’s main products include semiconductor silicon tablets, photovoltaic silicon tablets, photovoltaic cells and components, and the areas of application of the products, including integrated circuits, consumer-type electronics, grid transmission, wind power generation, orbital transport, new energy vehicles, 5g, artificial intelligence, photovoltaic power, industrial control, etc.
The world is leading, and the market for high-efficiency n silicone is well in the lead; semiconductor silicon products cover a full range of 4-12 inches of polishing, extrapolation, de-firers, etc.; photovoltage components are patented on sunpower monolithic technology, creating a unique two-technology platform, "g12+clocus." In addition to photovoltage and semiconductor materials, companies have developed a unique two-technology platform.
Possession of photovoltaic power plants of a certain size to generate revenues from operating electricity. Figure 3: Corporate ownership and industrial layout 86%-89% of total revenue in 2017-2020, 2021 influenced by raw materials, and prices for photovoltaic silicons are clear
Upgraded, the company’s share of business income from photovoltaic materials rose to 92%, and the company’s share of photovoltaic materials is likely to decline in the future as prices in the photovoltaic industry chain fall. The amount of income from semiconductor materials rose steadily from 6 to 7.5% in 2017-2020 to 4.9% in 2021, as measured by the Māori rate trend, in 2018.
The Māori rate for new energy materials (photovolatile silicon + photovoltaic components) has steadily increased, from 15.0% to 21.2%, while the Māori rate for semiconductor material operations has declined after reaching a high point of 30.1% in 2018, and has remained relatively stable in 2019-2021. The company’s focus on new energy and semiconductor dual-sector drivers has become clearer, adding up to the mix of changes that have taken place.
Increased efficiency and overall profitability of companies are expected to continue to improve in the future.
In 2021, the global installed capacity of renewable energy was 302gw, with a first breakthrough of half, or 56%, of the total. On the scale of power generation, photovoltaic power currently accounts for a relatively small share of the electricity market. Global photovoltaic power accounted for 3.7% of total electricity demand in 2021, and as the cost of photovoltaic technology increased, photovoltaics replaced non-chemicals.
The space for energy is huge. In 2021, there were new photovoltaics in the country, with a distribution of 29.3gw, or 53.4 per cent, and a year old. In the distribution of new installed machines, household use was as high as 73.8 per cent, and distribution and household use were faster.
The rapid rise reflects, on the one hand, the economic and market potential of the distributed photovoltaic in the larger context of the energy transition, and, on the other hand, the increase in the cost of the industrial chain as a result of the shortage of silicon supplies in 2021, and the delay in the construction of centralized photovoltaics as the price of components rises passively. We expect that the supply and demand of the future industrial chain will be cut off.
With the return to equilibrium, the price of silicon material has fallen to a reasonable area of $100/kg, and domestic photovoltaics will show a high growth trend driven by a concentrated and distributed two-wheel drive. Foreign market demand continued to flourish in 2022, and the cumulative export of our photovoltaic components in January-May was 63.4gw, compared to the same year.
In terms of major global markets, India’s concentration of supplies and demand for imports rose sharply this past January. European markets have been relatively scarce since the second half of last year, and this year has been exacerbated by the conflict in Russia and Ukraine. Europe has launched a series of initiatives to accelerate new energy development for energy security reasons.
The price of natural gas has led to a significant increase in electricity prices, leading to a significant increase in the demand for photovoltaic components in Europe. The size of imported components has been significantly reduced in the first half of the year in the United States market as a result of sanctions on silicon in Xinjiang and counter-circumvention investigations.