China Air Shen Fei (600760.sh) linked transactions precipitously increased, with a faster annual growth of several hundred million, an increase of 69.93% from the same year. The company is expected to collect $7.47 billion from 2022q1, an increase of around the same year.
Performance continued to grow steadily, benefiting from increased demand and efficiency. Company revenues in 2021 amounted to $34,088 million, an increase of 24.79 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net profit of $1,696 million to the mother.
Net profit growth was significantly lower than income growth, mainly due to the substantial increase in current R&D fees. Overall, the steady growth in corporate performance was due mainly to two factors, first of all, the release of our aviation defence equipment.
The company benefited significantly from continuous upgrading as one of the host providers; secondly, the company achieved multiple improvements in its efficiency, its supply chain management capacity continued to be strengthened, and the company completed a year-round production test flight 16 days ahead of schedule in 2021.
Cost is effectively controlled, with Māori sales at 9.76 per cent, an increase of 0.53 pct compared to the previous year; management has increased significantly by 1.24 pct. The Division sells products to related parties at a value of $3.214 billion for commodities, purchases raw materials from related parties, purchases of raw materials, and purchases of raw materials.
Fuel, power, 17,266 million yuan, completed the 85.33 per cent projected for the beginning of the year, and highlighted the high profile of the chain of military aircraft industry, with key mainframe-type requirements expected to rise again in 2022. In addition, the company expected the Chinese Air Finance Corporation to deposit $26 billion, a decline in the same year.
The net cash flow from operating activities increased by 59.73 per cent over the same period owing to the increase in the number of loans received from clients. During the same period, corporate receivables and receivables decreased by 17.24 per cent over the same period, respectively.
The company, which is one of the country's fighter-planners, has a very scarce variety and deserves a price premium and a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Qinghua University, 8 years old, Master of Business Administration, served as a member of the Chinese airline, joining Galaxy in 2015.