On the basis of the over-expected performance of King H1 and an increase of 35.2 per cent in the valuation of the lower point, the 2q realized an income of $6.33 billion, an increase of 31.8 per cent, resulting in a net profit.
The company's performance in the second quarter is better than we expected. In addition to the impact of the low base during the same period last year, we estimate that the beautiful performance stems from: 1) market structure, further consumer development in the provinces, continued precision in the south of the Yangtze market: 2) brand awareness-raising plus product structure optimization, mid-end high-end products such as sunflowers, etc.
In view of this, we believe that the ratio of 2q Māori to the same ratio will increase, and that this year companies are investing in digital back-office management systems, improved access and internal efficiency, which may have decreased in the reporting period.
After digesting 2q, we believe that the current stock of the main product channels is a good one, of which the bounties are the most marketable or the fastest, and the 20 of the sunflowers perform better at the lower end of the bottle. On June 20, the company announced an upward revision of the price of the plants, ranging from 1 to 200 yuan per bottle, taking into account the need to replenish the reservoirs to the boom.
In June, the Shareholders Conference proposed improving profits to boost the confidence of distributors by optimizing the system of channels and improving the availability of channels in the second half of the year; in addition, through continued classification management of products in the wine system, current resources are focused, brand sales are added to the value added, and the company ' s main product consumers are aware of the fact that
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.