The performance was in line with expectations, with a steady increase in the Saffron series - the Shanxi Wine (60809.sh) incident evaluation report. On 24 August 2023, Shanxi Wine published its semi-annual report for 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn performed as expected with a profit elastic release of 20.13 per cent (-2pct) and an optimal sales cost rate for the first half of the year was clearly profitable
Increased capacity, with higher costs expected in the second half of the year. 2023h1 operating net cash flow of $5,208 million (11 per cent increase) and sales return of $17,707 million (a high increase in the Saffron series and continued release of class advantages)
1. In Shanxi Liquor (60809): q2 performance, the median high-priced wine/other liquor camp received 13.995.489 billion yuan, up 40% of the same amount.
In the second half of the year, it is still expected to be high on the Saffron series, and the waist is still running.
Homes, 138 more than at the beginning of the year; the number of controlled terminals amounted to 1.2 million; macroeconomic downside risks, 20 less than expected growth in sunflowers, less than expected progress in the gifted production, and less than expected recovery in the 30 batches of sunflowers.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.