Sansai wine (60809), food beverages 23q2 outperforms expectations and good business performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
About billions of dollars, +35.2 per cent of the same year; the meter q2 shows that single q2 companies are expected to achieve gross operating income, and that the growth of single q2 companies has increased and continued. Since 1, 2023, companies have insisted on branding, closing down maintenance, continuing intensive cultivation of the south core market of the Yangtze River, further optimization of the market structure, a series of ceremonial wines, etc.
Medium- and high-end products are growing faster, leading the company as a whole to beautiful growth. 2. Sub-products, the first half of the series of young flowers are expected to lead to an increase in the number of young flowers, 20 and 25, especially in the 30-year-old revival, which insists on price-based, solid marketing and consumer development; and old white-collars in the waist, Panamanian sex prices.
The advantage is highlighted by the excellent performance of the market in Shanxi and the Ribbon West, where the bottle of wine continues to provide a tight balance of supply.3 In the sub-markets, as consumption scenes and business activity resumes, firms are orderlyly pushing emerging market channels to sink and open markets, south of the Yangtze River is outstanding, and the growth of the extra-provincial market ring is faster than 23q1.
In the first half of the year, the company turned in the best-looking responses, halfway through time, halfway through the task, and, in the context of a steady recovery in economy and consumption in the second half of the year, it was not very difficult to achieve the 20 per cent annual income growth target.
Point, a continuation of a better growth potential, with 20-channel profits still superior to other sub-high-end competitions, and a significant increase in the same-year growth of the waist products; in the area of pipeline stocks, the current overall stock of rum is about 1.5-2 months, at a benign level, highlighting greater demand resilience; and in the case of the benefits of branding upscaling and scalding effects, compounding them.
Digital scavenging systems are imported, marketing costs are more sophisticated, and corporate overall cost rates are shrinking: looking ahead, it is expected that the overall release of brand power under the nationalization of gin is expected to continue to improve.
At the end of the product, the company uses the X-20 as its base, pushing up 30 and 40 products and pushing up high-end layouts; at the end of the scale, the X-rays continue to expand the Qingixiang consumer group and to boost and strengthen the waist products, such as the X-rays.
To further advance the nationalization strategy of the "1357+10" wine, the three main markets in China, China, China, China, and South China, which continue to build up their fundamentals and expand their growth space.3 The company insists on the "One Wing" brand, its development strategy, and its three brands of co-development of wine, bamboo leaf and apricot village wine, and a product matrix.
There are lots of flowers and long-term growth incentives. The dollar is 25 times, 19 times, and 15 times more. The branding of wine can continue to be released, opening markets out of the country is smooth, looking at the company’s ability to grow over the long term, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1. Shanxi wine (600809). The product structure continues to upgrade, and the market outside the province grows bright (2023-04-29) Shanxi wine (60809): q3 shows bright performance.
4. Shanxi Liquor (60809): To be steady, the balance has not been, has not been, will not be, will not be, directly or indirectly, compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.