The low-recovering version is starting to add up, and the internal fine-tuning of controls continues to improve.
Food drinks, white wine ii, to Wei Li Wenhua.
Events: On 19 September 2023, the Monument of 2023 wines, “To the Heaven, Love, and Passage” was crowned at the Museum of the Old Wine. The country’s food- and drink-breeding perspective: 1) The company is in an orderly state of preparation for the autumn season, and is expected to meet its year-round performance targets; 2) the 30-percent Renaissance edition has begun to be rolled out around Shanxi, and 20 of the flowers have been added to the wedding market; 3) Promotion of marketing from quantitative to qualitative management, with continuous recognition of internal management efficiency gains.
In the middle and mid-season seasons, the company is expected to achieve its year-round performance targets. Towards the mid-season season, the company is investing in price management, enhanced terminal and consumer development, and orderly client ranking is expected to smooth the mid-autumn season. According to mission progress, the company is about 60% on delivery in the first half of the year, and is expected to reach 80% + 20% by the end of the third quarter.
The bottom logic of corporate growth is strong brand power and high-quality product power, and as brand power continues and the consumer population expands, the company’s potential for steady growth continues to be appreciated. The low-level Saffron 30 Renovation has begun to spread around the mountains, with Saffron 20 entering the wedding market.
By category, the first half of the series of young flowers grew brightly, raising their share to 45%. Year-round, it is expected that the 30th Blue Flower Renaissance edition or the increase in sustained contributions (estimated contribution of 2023h1 million plus) will continue down to the 600-7000 mark, promising a long path of 1573 in the lower cellar. Sunflowers will grow faster than average in the first half of the year and are expected to continue their high growth trend under strong brand tension.
In addition, the company has continued to tighten its price controls, and the price of the 20th batch has risen steadily since July. Panama and Old Shiraito have continued to intensify their promotion in the Rimxi market, and are expected to upgrade in the wake of the five-yard launch.
Since September 2023, companies have established a scheme-based fee-control system based on the stevedoring of goods and the vendor-level management of the distributors.