Shanxi wine (60809.sh) grew by 32% in the second quarter, with a rising share of the Saffron series, which continued to grow faster in the second quarter, largely in line with earlier forecasts.
Food beverages / white wine ii 2nd Quarter Saffron Series rises and cost reforms contribute to elasticity of performance. The first half of the year, when the consumption scenes recovered, is expected to grow by 35-40%, or 5 pcts to 45% +, on the same year.
The same rate +32%, of which the provincial feasts were restored to better quality, and the Xianhua 25 benefited from Panama ' s 20-upgrading dividend, which was slow, with the old whites and the Panamanian base being released at the county level, with a ratio of q2 Māori to 0.6 pct. q2 taxes and surcharges to the same rate of 1.9 pcts, which was the same pace of production faster than the previous year.
At the cost end, the q2 continuity cost reform, with some of the costs shifting to fuzzy return, sales/management rates equal to 4.9 pcts/equal, resulting in net interest rate escalation channels and statements with residual, single-market, nationally controlled terminals continuously increasing.
q2 received +35.5% of the same year, slightly faster than the increase in income and higher quality of performance. q2 received $1,775 million in net cash flow, equal to +55%, with base effects. On June 20, the company raised prices for its main export products, with some distributors pre-positioning, q2 company contract liabilities at the end of q2 at $5.75 billion, ring.
South marketers, winners, promoters, promoter of a culture of consumption, nationally controlled endpoints, Shanxi wine (600809.sh) - performance growth highlights brand power, cost reforms, recovery over time operations, digitalization of real-estate price boards.
q2 Increases in the long-term operation of the market and is expected to grow faster than q1. With the recovery of business demand, the high-quality harvest of Shanxi wine (600809.sh) and 2022 accelerated in 2023, followed by a recovery in business demand.
The revival edition may be expected to contribute a certain amount. The market may have long-termized the short-term problems of the company, but we believe that the public has continued to perform with high growth in the three quarters of Shanxi wine (600809.sh) - and that the growth of the Saffron Nationalization Division is not overly dependent on people and organizations, more driven by endogenous branding, consumption, etc.
" Shanxi wine (60809.sh) - Slateflower series is continuously released, driving companies or accelerating digital layout (five yards, terminal digital control, etc.) to maintain channel price stability. Investment proposal: maintain previous profit forecasts, we expect the company to harvest 2023-2025.
The performance of the second quarterly report was largely in line with the previous forecast. The second quarter’s Saffron series rose, and cost reforms contributed to elasticity in performance. The consumer landscape recovered in the first half of the year, with a projected increase of 35 to 40 per cent in the Saffron series and an increase of 5 pcts to 45 per cent in the same year.
Of these, the provincial feasts were restored to a better quality, and Qinghua 25 benefited from Panama’s 20-upgrading dividend, with a sharper rate of growth. Some 20 per cent of the projected growth in the Bolsium series was followed by a slowdown in the Panama & Old Whites series, where the base editions of the Old Shirts and Barnamas were released at the county level, with a ratio of Māori q2 to 0.6 ptt. q2 q2 tax and surcharges equal to the same rate.
Compared to -1.9 pcts, the production pace was faster than sales in the same period of the previous year, and the consumer tax base was higher. At the cost side, q2 renewal costs were reformed, some of the costs were reduced to fuzzy returns, sales/management costs were equal to -4.9 pcts/equal, leading to net interest rate increases +3.3 pcts. Subregionally, q2 returns are realized within/outside the province.
Channels and statements are left with a surplus, and the number of single-storey and national controlled terminals continues to rise. In terms of the collection ratio, q2 RMB received +35.5% of the same year, slightly faster than the increase in income, and the performance was of high quality. q2 companies operated a net cash flow of $1,775 million, or 55% of the year, with a partial base effect.
During the second quarter, the company continued to increase the number of customers, winners, and supporters in the south of the Yangtze market, and to strengthen the culture of consumption, with 1.2 million controlled terminals nationwide. The number of q2 distributors rose to 3,775 (+3.5%) and the size of the single business to 5 million (+20%).
The market or the company’s short-term problems are long-term, but we believe that the growth of the company is not too dependent on people and organizations, and is driven more by endogenous brand power, consumption, etc. Subsequent companies or faster digital layouts (five yards, end-digitization control, etc.) and maintenance of channel price stability.
Extending the life cycle of the Saffron series of products. Investment proposal: maintain the previous profit forecast, we expect the company to achieve revenue collection in 2023-2025. Figure 1: First quarter operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) of Shanxi Liquor per quarter. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future.