23h1 Business announcement points: Performance is higher than expected, product is higher, product structure is higher, and performance is higher than expected.
(a) We expect an increase in the same proportion of 23q2 bouncing, with a sustained year-round push for the donation of gifts, the laying of goods and the further taking up of the high-light bottle of wine track; (b) a year-long increase in the momentum of sunflowers, which has benefited from consumption demand in the provinces and has grown at a relatively high rate by 25; and (c) a second quarter recovery.
The price increases are 30/500ml42 degrees Saffron recovery 30/500ml 53 degrees. The Saffron recovery 30 is $200, $80 and $60 per bottle, respectively, and the overall performance is stable. At the end of the line, the company raises the breeding depth of the Qingixiang consumer group, undertakes real marketing work, and continues to increase its investment.
Brand recognition. 23q2 performance exceeded expectations, with a low base for the same period of 22 years, while we expect a continuous increase in the brand of q2 or Q2 and a clear path to high-quality development. Corporate management is motivated and continues to deepen its reforms, and this year President Yuan of the Shareholder Conference stressed that 23 years will be devoted to the revitalization agenda, the product side.
Face, focusing on 20, 30, continuing the high profit line, 30-priced prosthesis, card-building and cultural empowerment, e.g. by expanding the influence of the circle through museum stores, experience shops, etc., high branding; and bamboo-leafing and market segmentation, deep farming through channels and effective end-publishing.
Wide/recommends increased brand visibility and reputation; high-end almond village has identified priority markets, increased market input and team building, and released dynamic energy.
In the medium to long term, companies will insist on high-quality development.
Clarity, High Quality Development Continuity is central to the transition from high-speed to high-quality wine.
In the 22-year report, the 20 per cent growth target was achieved, and we maintained the net profit from the 2023-25 year period and the 23q1 quarterly report performance rating: open door.
Three major financial forecasts for Shanxi Liquor have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.