Revenue and net profit growth, with strong operational certainty - mid-2023 Shanxi wine (60809.sh) Report category: corporate studies
Sectors: Industry Company Department Shanxi Wine published its semi-annual report for 2023, and the company achieved business income of $19.11 billion in the first half of 2023, while in the second quarter of the same year, the company achieved operating income of $6.329 billion, an increase of 31.75 per cent, compared with the 31.7 per cent; it achieved a share in the publicly listed company.
The net profit of the East rose by 49.57 per cent from the previous year, with high-end products leading to growth, optimized market layout to increase product coverage by more than $130, earning 13.995 billion, or 73.62 per cent of the total.
By region, the company’s internal market generated $7,537 million, the out-of-town market generated $11,351 million, the intra-provincial and out-of-provincial revenues increased by 33.77 per cent, and 18.33 per cent respectively, with a double-drive increase in revenue, while the off-provincial market continued to have greater scope for improvement.
China’s white wine has entered the “American” era, and the value of the cultural-enhanced wine brand has increased.
Standards, safety, etc. in the white wine industry require more precise regulation, market demand is concentrated in the dominant production areas, headlines, and niches, and the industry is entering an era of development under the theme of “Americanism.” The culture of wine is so rich that it gives companies unique competitive advantages and brand values.
The project of the Apricot Village Song and Drama was launched to promote the declaration of the World Heritage List by the Old Wine Club, to promote the transformation of and innovation in the culture of wine and business culture, and to further enhance the brand value of ceremonial wine. The company’s high-end success was evident, the marketing market continued to expand, and the value of cultural brands increased effectively and with a good track record.
After more than 30 years of change and growth, the company has now grown into a China-China-China-China-China-Coopers Capital Holdings Ltd.