The company's review of the white wine and its growth in solid performance has allayed its worries, Liu Lei-Jen.
Incident: Preliminary accounting, total operating income is expected to be about RMB 19.11 billion in the first half of 2023, resulting in a net gain of RMB 1,956 million for the mother, +50.2 per cent of the year, resulting in a faster increase in the current year ' s O2 income than in the previous year, owing to the proactive q2 pressure to achieve a more balanced quarterly base.
Quarterly net interest rates reached about 30.9%, an all-time high of about 3.8 pcts above q1, and net profits performed better than expected. The announcement mentions a faster growth in medium- and high-end products such as the Q2 overall consumption environment, despite a slight weakening of the q1 overall consumption environment.
In comparison with growth targets of about 20% of the year-on-year income, the share of income in the first half of the year has reached 60%. Consumption is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year, and alcohol will be more comfortable to meet the year’s performance targets.
The company recently announced the departure of some executives, causing concern in the market. We believe that, as a state-owned enterprise in Shanxi province, corporate governance norms and organizational systems are sound and do not have to focus too much on the impact of changes in management positions. The strong performance growth of the first half of the year also illustrates the market situation.
More than personal influence. After a high rate of growth in previous years, the company has moved into a high-quality growth phase, where changes in people may help match management resources suitable for the current stage.
Investment recommendations: Strong performance growth in the first half of the year helped to dispel market concerns about personnel changes, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Li-Jen, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of experience in securities research in the food, beverages and other consumer goods industry, with a focus on drinking plates and some non-drinking labels.