Shanxi wine (60809.sh) Performance growth highlights brand power, cost reforms release performance elasticity, food drinks, white wine ii
At the income end, the second quarter showed a weak recovery in the industry, with companies relying on strong brand tension and a culture of Qing Qiang consumption to achieve inertia and high sales in traditional strong market reversities, such as north of the Yangtze River, and the expansion of the south of the Yangtze River.
On 20 June, the Division made price increases for the products under the flag (the Saffron 20 has not yet been formally implemented), or there is a partial 52-week maximum/minimum price pre-positioning.
Cost refinement reforms release profit elasticity, and rejuvenation branding continues to accelerate. The second quarter’s continued high profit growth, mainly due to: 1) similar to the first quarter, the company’s intensive channeling costs fine-tube control, reduced incremental costs, turned into vague returns, followed by annual returns, returns, etc.
2) A higher percentage of consumer tax bills and base effects during the same period of the previous year, due to the rhythm of production and sales; 3) Sunflower 30. Renaissance q2 has increased market culture and atmosphere, and q2 is expected to grow faster than q1. We believe that in 2023, the company will continue to intensify its recovery high-end Circulation, and that the recovery will be stronger in the future.
At the industry level, the market is either overpricing short-term data, or overpricing and cyclicalizing the issue over time.
According to our recovery cycle, we are now in the first phase of the expected improvement of our policy, based on “policy expectations for improvement, improved liquidity, improved fundamentals.” The company has started a new cycle of growth with Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh).
At the camp level, from 2017 to the present, the company’s market-based reform package has been internalized into brand power, with high-quality harvests in 2022, accelerated in 2023 and a strong consumption climate in Shanxi, Shandong, Henan, Nemon, Beijing, etc.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Three quarters of high performance, nationalization of Xinghua, dynamic branding, inertiaary growth trends of Xinghua 30 Regeneration under Xinhua 30, short-term industry demand Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Nationalization of the Xinghua series is continuously released, driven by the continuous release of the national transformation of the Xiaohua series
Volatility does not affect medium- and long-term growth hubs. Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) - Short-term performance is under pressure and positive for the future.
At the income end, the industry showed a weak recovery, with companies relying on strong brand tension and a culture of Qing Qiang consumption to raise prices for products under the flag in traditional forces, such as north of the Yangtze (Singhua 20 has not been formally implemented), or partial pre-positioning.
By sub-products, the 202302 Saffron series, the old white platinum series, is expected to contribute major performance gains, with revenue expected to increase by more than 30%, and the Bodium series to accommodate market demand at a moderate rate. Cost refinement reforms release profit elasticity, and rejuvenation branding continues to accelerate.
High and sustained growth, mainly due to: 1) similar to the one-quarter period, the company ' s intensive channel costs were finely controlled, reduced to vague returns, followed by annual returns, etc.; 2) the consumption tax rates were higher and had base effects during the same period of the previous year due to the pace of production and sales; 3) the sunflower 30. Renaissance q2 plus
Large markets are nurturing and creating a climate where recovery q2 is expected to grow faster than q1. We believe that in 2023, the company will continue to strengthen recovery high-end conglomerate development, and that the recovery version is expected to be facilitated by strong brands, with thousands of dollars in value, and that the company will continue to increase the growth of the green flower 30.
Since the country changed in 2017, corporate management stability, policy coherence and tactical enforcement have continued to improve, and the Division is expected to maintain its good business performance in the wake of a recovery in demand. According to the Xianhua 30, the recovery version, some of the rehabilitation campaign was hard to reach in the past year because of the impact of the epidemic.
We believe that Shanxi wine is the four most famous wines, that it has the genetics of wine, and that the 20-year-old salami consumer group provides a better basis for the 30-year-old rejuvenation.
At the industry level, markets overpricing on short-term data, or long-term, cyclical trends. According to our recovery cycle, it's basically based on “policy expectations for better, better liquidity, better fundamentals.”
At the company level, from 2017 to the present, the company's package of market-based reforms has been internalized into brand power, with a strong regional consumption climate, such as Shanxi, Shandong, Henan, Nemon, Beijing.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.