Shanxi Wine (60809) - Mid 2023 Shanxi Wine (60809) Mid 2023.
The total market value (million yuan): 1) the company insists on Qinghua, which accounts for over 45% of the income of the Qinghua 23h1.
The company's persistence in the long-term strategy of Qinghua and Quai has earned more than 45% of its product. 2) The 23h1 company has grown faster in its province than outside, and the core market south of the Yangtze has grown faster. 23h1, the company's province.
“Three main markets” in China, China, China, China, China, and South China, have increased their efforts to select, promote and support the south of the Yangtze River market, increase consumer interaction, increase end-coverage, and maintain faster growth in the core market south of the Yangtze. 3) Double-digit growth in corporate agency and electricity channel revenue has been achieved by 23h1, company agent/direct sales
At the end of 23h1, the number of dealers in the company was 37,75, an increase of 138 from the end of 22 years, and the number of controlled terminals nationwide was 1.2 million, an increase of about 80,000 from the end of 22 years.
Cost optimization leads to an increase in net interest rates (+2.76 pct), with a Māori sales rate of 76.30 per cent (+0.40 pct), with company net interest rate increases mainly benefiting from precision in spending and optimized in the period. 23h1, sales/management/R & D/financial fee fractions
Cost rates have been significantly optimized, mainly due to more accurate spending, of which 23h1 advertising and business publicity fees — 2.85 ptt. 23q2 for corporate sales/management/R & D/financial costs, respectively
The company is China’s first bottle of Qing Xianghua, with a growing series of Qinghuas, a breakthrough in brand heights, and a sustained out-of-town food safety risk, out-of-country expansion, and growth of the Qinghua series. The author has either a qualification in portfolio investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, and has worked diligently and independently and objectively in a professional manner.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.