Business strategy is flexible and high-quality growth can continue at the speed of the ring. Majorly, companies insist on branding, closing maintenance, continuing to refine the core market south of the Yangtze River, further optimizing the market structure, and faster growth of medium- and high-end products such as the Saffron series.
In the case of sub-products (1), the full series of saffrons is expected to grow by more than 35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, of which the highest/lowest (in yuan) per year: the highest 25 growth rate of saffron, the smooth growth of Panamanian and old-born products and a projected 20 per cent increase of bovine products.
In terms of the market sub-markets, in the first half of the year, the company was dynamically deployed in the provincial and extra-provincial markets in order to stabilize prices and the market value of the intra-provincial shares (billions):
The market is healthy and is expected to grow in the second half of the year. Revenues of $7,537 million are realized in 23h1, sales costs are lower than in the same year, and distributors are confident. The net interest rate for sales of 23h1 is 35.73 per cent, \triangleright
Same-0.6 pct, mainly influenced by product structural fluctuations, followed the pace of the Saffron Strategy and Control Poll in the second half of the year, and the Māori rate is expected to increase continuously; 2) the cost of sales is 8.99%, and the cost of sales is fragrance.
Prior-period repressive factors have been fully demonstrated, and competitive advantages have been maintained. The strong elasticity of the performance of the q2 at the end of the statement highlights the strength of the company, despite the volatility of the economic cycle and the changes in personnel, the central competitive edge of the wine has continued.
With a strong growth potential, the Qingixiang class is accelerating its expansion, while the town of the Apricot Village Liquor profession is shaping the concept of the production area, which is expected to take advantage of and return to the Qingixiang region; and 2) the Cinderella series, which is already strong in size and sustainable in high quality. There are now more than 10 billion of them, of which 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20,
The sales of Xinghua, which have reached 8 billion, have already gained a physical advantage at the lower end of the price. In the medium term, the trend of high-end white wine and rising consumption in the new cycle will probably continue, and the Xinghua demand ceiling will open. 3) From 2017, the Qinghai wine opened up the foundations of state enterprise reform, brand power, channel power, management systems, etc.
The market-based mechanism has been built up, internalized into a corporate culture, and there is a consensus among company personnel on the general platform for alcohol revival, 1455 targets, and marketing strategies. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment proposals: looking ahead, companies will revolve around “13348” in the second half of the year.
\triangleright Business thinking, business strategy flexible, product structure gradually evolving, and it is expected that the second half of the youth flower series, waist products, and off-the-road markets will be active to support high-quality corporate development.
The goal of nationalization of the high-end + channel is clear, and performance is more certain. Therefore, as product structures are upgraded, scale effects are highlighted, and management performance is optimized, profit increases are higher than income gains, net gains are reasonable grounds for the future. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.