Investment rating: buying (maintaining) in the first half of 2023, Shanxi wine is expected to generate a gross operating income of around $19.11 billion.
In the first half of the year, the company was under pressure from the industry to expand the consumption scene and to increase the consumption of young products such as 20 to achieve better performance.
The average growth rate of companies is expected to be higher than the average growth rate of companies, compared with the trend of 300 in depth; the figure of 30 is stable, while the overall growth in double digits is still around; and the whole of the country remains stable.
In terms of product structure, the Saffron series is expected to increase the ratio and optimize the company’s product system. The rise in the Māori ratio, on the other hand, is more effective than the cost of the investment, and the overall rate is expected to increase.
• A strong platform for the revival of alcohol, promoting the development of quality marketing systems, and a clear five-point focus on the year of the company, and a strong platform for the revival of alcohol.
At the management level, a smooth transition led by a sales company in the second quarter will help to stabilize sales.
The sales team’s determination and confidence in the booster channels is expected to focus the company’s efforts in the second half of the year on the completion of channels, product layout and digitization reforms, and continued optimization of the company’s high-quality development marketing system. The company’s objectives will be accelerated in the first half of the year, and market challenges will be more readily addressed in the second half of the year.
(1) Risks of macroeconomic uncertainty: (2) Nationalization, high-end process less than expected: (3) Saffron series growth less than expected.
I've been working in the Seaton International Securities and Pension Fund. I've been working in foreign securities dealers. I've been using white wine, and I've been using information on legal compliance to produce this report independently and objectively.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.