The Sini Sanctuary, the Sanctuary q2 is over-expected and continues.
q2 performance is over-expected, and the Saffron series continues to grow at a high rate. Business income in the first half of 2023 is expected to be based on the firm’s insistence on branding, close maintenance, continued refinement of the core market south of the Yangtze River, market a/total equity (billions):
The structure is further optimized, with higher-middle-end products, such as the Saffron series, growing faster. In particular, the full Saffron series is expected to grow by more than 35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with Panama, Panama, the Old Whites, and an increase in the market value of the share of circulationa (billions):
In the light of the moon, the bottom area is now bought. 1) The market's pessimistic expectations about the restructuring of the company's management and the internal sales department, and whether China will be reduced, have been fully responded to, and the outgoing should no longer influence the company's actual operations and share prices.
The Division completed the by-election of directors and the recruitment of the new general manager as soon as possible; (2) previous market concerns about whether the company ' s 20 per cent collection target for 2023 had been met and the company was operating normally, mainly in terms of its strategic flexibility, management, precision control, product combinations and regional structures, driving the growth of wine.
Batch price series, 30 push-and-distribution difficulties and stock situation: company price increases in June have been brought to the fore, revival and fragrance, the BP ratio has risen to around $790, the SG20 price ratio has risen to 350-360, and with consumption, the price ratio has risen to about $350-360.
Pre-oppressive factors have been fully demonstrated, and competitive advantages have continued. The strong elasticity of q2 performance at the end of the statement has highlighted the company’s strength, despite fluctuations in economic cycles and changes in personnel, which have led to a strong core competition for alcohol.
(i) In light of the development of the fragrance, the Qingixiang-head wine has exploded, the Qing-Fuixu wine has grown strongly, the Qing-Fuix is growing rapidly, and the cultivation of the town of the almond village wine is precisely the way to shape the concept of the production area, where the dragon-headings are expected to rise and the Qing-Fuixiang is strong; (ii) the line of the Qing-Fuixa has been extended.
With a body advantage and a high-end sustainability. There are now over 10 billion in the Saffron series, of which 20 or 25 sales out of 8 billion have already gained a physical advantage at the lower end of the price. In the medium term, the trend of high-end white wine and rising consumption is likely to continue during the new week, and the Saffron Series needs ceiling will be hit.
3) From the beginning of the reform of state enterprises in 2017, brand power, channel power, management systems, etc., have been built together, market-based mechanisms have been internalized into corporate culture, and there is a consensus among company personnel on the rejuvenation of wine, 1455 targets and marketing strategies.
Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment recommendations: Looking forward for 23 years, the company will be flexible in its business strategy around the “13348” \triangleright concept, with structural optimization expected to evolve over time to support high-quality corporate development.
In the medium-to-long term, the goal of high-end + nationalization of corporate products is clear, and performance is more certain. So, with product structure upgrading, scale effects highlighting, and management performance optimization, profits increase at a reasonable rate. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor would it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.