In the second quarter of the country, 2,515 million yuan was collected in the province.
+41.28% of the same year (+33.77% of the same year in the first half of the year); the extra-provincial income of 3,749 million yuan, the same base of the same road, taking advantage of the capital's resources and continuously raising the income ratio of Panama and Xinghua 25 per cent; and the ex-provincial contribution to the market of the south of the Yangtze by helping the distributor to ease the pressure and increase the number of candidates, winners and facilitators working in the south of the Yangtze.
By the end of the second quarter, the number of controlled terminals in the country stood at 1.2 million (an increase of 80,000 from the beginning of the year) and 3,775 dealers (an increase of 138 from the beginning of the year).
A slight increase in the share of green flowers and an overpriced growth against the cycle. 23q2, the company achieved $6,665 million in alcohol revenue, compared to +31.99 per cent, of which: 1 medium-priced $4,499 million in white wine, which represented a priced white-barrel phase, relieved the pressure on medium-priced white wine to keep prices steady and reflected the price of multipriced fabrics.
The company has a strategic freedom advantage. In the first half of the year, the income from high-priced white wine in the company as a whole rose by 1.38 pct compared to the level of the previous year, with a 45% or more of the revenue from the Qinghua Liquor series, an increase of more than 5 pct and a 40% increase in the first half of the year.
Changes in the structure of the product, 2-quarter Māori ratio of the company - 0.61 pct to 77.79 per cent (first half of the year compared to Shanxi wine (600809.sh): super-predicted growth, determined recovery strategy
The sales cost rate has shrunk considerably, and profit-side elasticity has been highlighted. 23q2, corporate taxes and surcharges are in line with Shanxi wine (60809.sh): High quality is closing, moving forward.
With the narrowness of the harvest, the second quarter net interest rate for corporate homecomings is between +3.67 pct and 30.78% (the same year in the first half of the year as +2.91 pct), and profit-side elasticity is prominent. Looking forward, the company sales team has stabilized in the second half of the year, and we expect that the market-cost investment for Mid-Autumn will increase and continue to push consumers to nurture and market.
Infrastructure, with a projected reduction in the narrowness of the sales cost rate throughout the year.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect each share of the company ' s share of the 2023-2025 share of the market to be less than expected in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, House 9, Building 1, Risk factors: business demand recovery is less than expected; industry competition is increasing; market openings are less than expected
Senior industrialists and top-level schools have been trained. Lou Qing Fong, Master of Finance, graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of experience in food and beverage research and two years of experience in bond research. Covers pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, up-to-date foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeast mothers, familiar with seafood, lasagna,
In-depth research covers recreational foods and chains (in-depth study of taste-free foods, perchance ducks, glory, concocted foods, salt-salt stores, kamazu foods, ginseng foods, etc.).
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation in Saputu, the big milk company, and two years of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University, two years in law, economics, and two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry, followed by first-line sales in the Qingzhou cellar, Dukang, and the Shedd liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high liquor companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at future market strategies based on available data and market moves.
Liquor, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer, water, and beverages. Full peace, Master of Management, United Kingdom Business School, overseas studies and work experience have gained a broad international perspective.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.