In the second quarter, the company achieved a gross operating income of $6.329 billion, equal to +31.8 per cent, a net profit of $1,956 million, a net profit of +50.2 per cent and a net profit of +50.2 per cent.
The marketing structure is stable and the foundations of the Bozo remain unchanged. We expect a further increase in demand in the provinces, Panama, a continuous upgrading of the product structure, a steady increase in the nationalization of Saffron 20, and an upscaling of the bottle, which is evident at the lower end and is still at high speed. Moreover, we expect a higher cost this year.
With the contraction, the south of the Yangtze market has shifted from a high-cost-driven to a deep consumer culture, resulting in a profit margin. The price increases are bold, and the sales are confident. In the first half of the year, a small number of people in the industry directly raise factory prices.
\triangleright Liquor Company, which, according to the wine industry, has been raising prices for bobbles and sunflowers to varying degrees since June 20, we believe that this has contributed positively to price stability, the return of the first half of the year, the third season.
It is expected that the price will increase further, or that the profit-end performance will be further catalyzed. The source feedback, from the point of view of the delivery, is that the marketing of the wine was prominent this year, in line with the channel's demand for fast turnover, and even though the stock has increased slightly, it is a low stock level in the industry, and the distributor is confident that it will follow the manufacturer actively.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Looking ahead for the second half of the year, we think that the 20% growth target set by the company \triangleright is not very difficult to complete (exceeded in the first half of the year) and that consumers have developed brand perceptions and have been solid in the past.
We're looking at the company's 2023- Risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; the nationalization of the situation; the Shanxi wine (60809.sh): the result is over-expected.
Shanxi wine (600809.sh): Quality collection Shanxi wine (600809.sh): Convergence Sindha Securities Co. Ltd.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Li Qingfeng, Master of Arts, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, two years of experience in bond research. Coverage of pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, multi-task cooks, high-end foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiar with seafood, milleniums, mackerel-fried foods, Qinghai International).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, followed by two years of study and operation at the breast-breeding giant Saputo, one year of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in-depth study of Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverage. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.