q2 performance exceeded expectations, business continued to improve - Shanxi Wine (600809.sh) incident evaluation report, 24 July 2023, first half of 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn has outperformed, and Qing Xiang Qiang is up. The company has been building brands since this year, holding on to terminal maintenance.
The central market south of the Yangtze River, where market structures are further optimized, and medium- and high-end products, such as the Saffron series, are growing faster.
On the product side, q2 q2 has been able to improve market order management and rational control over the delivery of goods.
The company, as a white gin dragon, has a brand that keeps online and improves product structure and access controls.
In the direction of accelerating the path of recovery, it will continue to rise, and Qing Liang will lead the way to recovery, with steady growth and high-quality development.
3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): Performance with macroeconomic downside risks, 20 less growth of sunflowers than expected, gifted production progress, continued ahead of expectations, Qing Lilong Head up
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
Shaw Yinnan: Master of Arts at Hunan University, graduate in finance, and joined Chinese securities research in June 2023, reflects my research. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.