Hale Jiist (600690) Household appliances digitally introduced improved cost rates and performed better than expected at the Southwest Securities Institute.
In the first quarter of the year, the q2 company achieved revenue of 77,380 million yuan, which is tax-bearing, with a proposed contribution of approximately 2.51 billion yuan, representing 20.8 per cent of the net profits from the semi-annual return to the mother.
Over 20 per cent, Leader brand revenue increased by more than 15 per cent; the company ' s share of ice-washing products continued to lead, with 46.4 per cent below the refrigerator line (up 2.3 pp over the same period) and 46.4 per cent below the washing machine line (up 11.7 per cent over the same period), with regional markets showing outstanding performance: 1) in the North American market, the company ' s high-end brand revenue was two times higher.
In the European market, income grew by 24.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis; 3) in the South Asian market, revenues rose steadily on a year-on-year basis, and digital reforms introduced improved cost rates. 26.9 per cent (+0.1 pp) of corporate ownership and 10.1 per cent (-0.1 pp) of sales costs, with domestic markets pushing for digital change.
Improved efficiency in marketing resource allocation, logistics distribution, and warehousing operations. Overseas markets promoted zero-end innovation, integration of global resources, and increased operational efficiency; management cost of 3.8 per cent (generally flat), the impact of R & D, and increased exchange earnings.
In the first half of 2025, in the face of increasing competition in the domestic market, companies took advantage of the full chain of R & D, manufacturing, distribution and services, focusing on the creation of value by users, and introduced a phenomenon-based trend in leading industries such as the Helmachian refrigerator, the Laader Laundry, etc.
Overseas market companies deepen and upgrade their high-end innovation model, with the State focusing on leading the market position for the business unit, accelerating the process of localization of lead products and the transformation of end retail models by deepening efficient synergies between industry and the market. Capacity-building and empowerment of marketing, logistics, services, digital platforms are promoted.
The company, as leader of the global electricity industry and leader of intelligent family solutions, is a global multi-brand, multi-product configuration that takes full advantage of high-end home power market opportunities and digs deep.
1. Hale Jiist (600690): High-end brands are growing rapidly, Hale Jiist (600690): Control fees have produced remarkable results, and Noor will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.