Heil Jijik (600690.sh) Home appliances and white appliances continue to grow better, with a steady increase in profitability. Company 2025h1 achieved $156.49 billion in revenues.
Intra-firm sales deepen digital change and overall effectiveness, external sales integrate global R & D and manufacturing platforms, enhance product power and operational efficiency, and generate good growth in domestic and foreign revenues and further increase profitability. Domestic q2 growth has increased slightly.
S0980523020001 Change projects such as digital inventory, digital marketing, corporate product turnover, user traffic contact and transformation, etc., increased by more than 20 per cent for H1 Kassati brand and 15 per cent for Leader brand.
The company is actively promoting the integration of ccr, kwikot operations, deepening global marketing, logistics, service, digital platform capacity-building, bringing together products from all regions of the globe, and accelerating the process of local product rotation.
/+12.8 per cent of this increase, over 10 per cent in domestic space and 15 per cent in overseas space; $42.85 billion in refrigerator revenue, $9.79 billion/+20.8 per cent; and the company ' s doubling of overseas thermal water revenue through collaborative outreach and product differentiation innovation, with North America/Australia/South-East Asia growing by over 40/50/80 per cent, respectively.
Consistently optimized costs and rates and steadily increased profitability. The company ' s ratio of h1 Māori was equal to +0.1 pt to 26.9%, q2 Māori to +0.1 ptt to 28.4%, and its supply chain precipitation was consistently demonstrated.
Hale Jiist (600,690.sh) - A steady improvement in profitability, with an old for new gains expected to show an increase in value-changing gains and investment returns on a year-on-year basis, with a parent net interest rate of +0.4 pct to 8.5%. Heir thinker (600,690.sh) - How to look at Heir thinker ' s global development space?
Hale Jiist (600690/sh) 2024 mid-point evaluation: enhanced quality of business, surplus investment proposal: maintenance of profit forecasting, maintenance of a “better than the big city” rating Hale Jiist (600690/sh) - proposed acquisition of a South African water heater operation in Ileks, and replacement.
Intra-company ice-sampling performance is robust, changes in the air-conditioning industry have led to incremental, digital and high-end improvements in profitability; Overseas is expected to benefit from interest-reduction-led growth in household electricity demand, and global synergies continue to emerge.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase, Figure 4: Single-season return net profit and rate of increase, Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the company
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for a single quarter of a company
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future