The three-quarterly review of 2025 reported: bright income growth, the same ring loss, a continuous improvement in the whole chain layout of the i industry over 56.16 per cent, a net return to the mother of $190 million, and a surplus of the same year and the same ring ratio.
The cost of managing R & D is relatively stable, and the sales cost ratio has increased by 2.6 pct, mainly because of the company’s increased market extension fees and charging fees. The company’s performance meets our expectations.
Over and above the guidelines, income and profits are growing faster. 225 q3opera achieves income of 151.9 million at 24%. 2) Shorter business is growing at a high rate, continuing the previous trend. According to Sensortower 10,000, downloads have increased significantly. During the reporting period, dramaawave has become a global cable channel.
The first explorer in a one-line short play platform to introduce comical content. 3) Investment operations contribute significant profit increases in 2025 q3 and corporate holdings of SM and Akichi in 2025 q3 are more prominent, contributing more to corporate returns on investment as a whole, with q3 net fair value change gains of $458 million
The main recent developments in the company’s business include: 1)q3 open source or the release of incentive models, multi-module reasoning models, self-regression multi-module uniform models, 3d world.
Quinlon Wanwi (300418): Mid 2025, modeling and publication of many papers; 2) i smart assistant with a significant rating of q3 user size: significant reduction in income growth, ai
With ring growth, the ai video platform skyreels is starting a new version of inside measurements, it is expected to be on line in early November, with multi-pound music models launched, and continued progress is being made in the continued optimization of product functions and industry-wide chain layouts bymureka and linky.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: looking at the company ' s forward profile in the ai area, short-term R & D and Camp Kullenwanwi (300,418): 2024 Annual Report and pre-distribution costs delay the operator ' s performance release and expect subsequent product renewal and revenue release;
Quarterly review 2025: the ieconomy continues, the iOprera continues to outperform, the product strength is validated, and it is expected to benefit from the i for the browser landing and the accelerated commercialization process.
It is expected that the commercialization of the company will accelerate and that the profitability potential will be realized gradually, and that the company “buy-in” of Dong Wu Securities GmbH has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it is not relevant.