On October 15, the company issued a 21-year three-quarter performance forecast, q1-q3 and the company expected to realize a net return profit.
Quality development implementation, combined with the acceleration of the process of overseas market expansion, has sustained rapid growth in q3 performance based on: 1) continuous upgrading of technological innovation capacity, enhanced quality awareness and improved internal management by companies; and 2) firm tightening of development opportunities to accelerate the global industrial landscape, with a marked acceleration of the process of overseas market expansion.
Globalization continues, with companies with strong branding influence \triangleright well-developed marketing networks with 20 spare parts centres and nearly 400 service outlets with 300 at the same time
For eight years, Xu Xu has been at the top of China’s engineering and machinery industry, according to his best-value branding list. With Xu’s limited draft, the company’s profitability is expected to increase.
\triangleright On 30 September, the company issued an announcement that it intended to distribute shares to Xu's limited shareholders to absorb Xu's merger, of which
Assets such as machinery, concrete machinery, tower cranes, etc. will be injected into the public sector as a whole. With Xu's limited excavation and tower crane operations ranked second in the country, the concrete machinery business is among the top three in the world, and the firm's position is expected to be consolidated with the transformation to the ground, and it is expected that the company's profitability and resilience to cyclical risks will be effectively enhanced.
The growth of overseas markets has been hampered by increased market competition and less than expected improvements.
Mid-year review: The net profit increases brightly, with a master's degree in statistics, in 2020, the Allies People's Bond, in 2020, and in 2020, the People's Bond.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.