Xu Engineering Co. (000425) reported a significant reduction in credit impairment and a significant improvement in the quality of its operations.
Three quarterly reports were issued by the company, resulting in an operating income of $16,562 million in the third quarter, i.e. + 2.12 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $806 million, i.e. +116.4 per cent in the same year; and revenue of $69,796 million in the previous three quarters, i.e., higher than expected growth in the performance of q3
Downstream real estate and infrastructure needs slowed down as a result of weak three-quarter macroeconomic margins, with market value in circulation (millions): 5913 crane sales by major domestic enterprises, 51 per cent lower than in the same year, and 13.6 per cent lower than in the same year.
However, corporate revenue in the third quarter grew by 2.12%, indicating a sudden increase in market competitiveness for corporate products. Downstream market demand remained strong throughout the previous three quarters, leading to significant growth in corporate sales revenues.
The net operating cash flow of $4,253 million, or +506.74 per cent, was higher this year, and the company actively adjusted its sales pattern and returned more.
Good, and the quality of the business has improved significantly.
On 19 April, the Board of Directors of the company considered the proposal to issue the cocoon rebirth through a limited number of shareholders of the controlling shareholder, Xu Xu Xu.
Xu's limited use of the merger bill, including shares, is currently undergoing a major asset restructuring process. Xu's limited flag includes excavators, towers, concrete machines, mine machines, four major engineering and mechanical assets, and absorbs the 2021 investment strategy of the Yuan Securities Industry - Mechanical Industry: Taking advantage of the wind.
According to Xu's limited public information, Xu's recovery of $23.1 billion in 2020, Xu's collection of $6.2 billion, Xu's collection of $6.1 billion, and Xu's collection of $2.8 billion.
The combined revenue amounted to $38.2 billion, of which the rate of Xu's excavator Maori was 31.5 per cent, well above the 17.1 per cent of listed companies, and it was expected that the injection of high-quality assets would significantly increase the volume of listed companies and increase their profit levels.
Increased competition in the market: less than expected: the price of raw materials continues to rise.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.