On October 30, the company released its 21-year quarterly report, and in the last three quarters, the company earned $69,796 million in operating income, which is an increase.
36.09 per cent long, resulting in a net return profit of $4.609 billion, an increase of 89.35 per cent over the same period.
During the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved an operating income of RMB 69,796 million, an increase of 36.09 per cent, and a net return to the mother of RMB 46,09 million, an increase of 89.35 per cent. Of this, in the third quarter, the company achieved an operating income of RMB 16,562 million, an increase of 2.12 per cent, a net return to the mother of RMB 806 million, an increase of 116,46 per cent.
New capabilities continue to grow, companies improve their quality awareness and internal management; and 2) companies pursue development opportunities, faster global industrial deployment, and the process of opening overseas markets is clearly accelerating. The Unit compares with the trend in depth of 300 per cent.
This year, corporate sales of Māori, which was 15.83 per cent, fell by 2.19 pct. However, the net interest rate on corporate sales did not rise, and the same rate did.
Long 1.90 pct, 6.67%. This is mainly due to effective control of the operating costs of the credit company. During the reporting period, the company’s sales cost ratio.
\triangleright On 30 September, the company issued an announcement that it intended to distribute shares to Xu's limited shareholders to absorb Xu's merger, of which
Assets such as machinery, concrete machinery, tower cranes, etc. will be injected into the public sector as a whole. With Xu's limited excavation and tower crane operations ranked second in the country, the concrete machinery business is among the top three in the world, and the firm's position is expected to be consolidated with the transformation to the ground, and it is expected that the company's profitability and resilience to cyclical risks will be effectively enhanced.
The growth of overseas markets has been hampered by increased market competition and less than expected improvements. Research assistant, Ouyang-yun, is expected to increase corporate profitability and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Quarterly performance forecast: blending into business dynamism, q3 performance maintaining rapid growth Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,