The gold-copper plate is working, the company q2 outperforms expectations, the purple gold mining (6,0189.sh) billion yuan, an increase of 30.64 per cent in the same year, and the returns of 0.095 dollars per share, an increase in the same year.
During the reporting period, the company ' s gold plate completed the takeover of the Vuritica gold mine in Colombia and was successfully brought into production, with an increase in Norton gold fields, Bountung and Guizhou purple gold, which enabled the public to take over the gold mine.
The Division overcomes the difficulties of blocking the continuation of the Bogra gold mine, which was 20.24 tons of mineral gold produced by the company in the first half of 2020, an increase of 5.93 per cent compared to the previous year. Added to the ease of global liquidity, the price of gold rose sharply, with the company selling minerals in 2020h1 rising by 27.53 per cent compared to the previous year.
To 350.63/g, and driven by a three-fold decline in the unit cost of mineral gold from 2.58 per cent to $170.64 per volume increase, higher sales prices and lower costs, the company ' s gold plate maintained a high growth trend in the company ' s copper block during the reporting period, with mineral copper production reaching 230.7 million.
Tons, an increase of 34.85 per cent over the same period, offset the 6.11 per cent decline in the company ' s mineral copper price in the first half of the year, bringing the company ' s copper block business to $3.661 billion in 2020h1, an increase of $758 million over the first half of 2019.
During the reporting period, the company was able to take over 50.1 per cent of the dragon copper industry, leaving more than 62 million tons of corporate copper resources in absolute leadership in the domestic copper industry.
The company’s priority projects were well under way, the mainland gold project was smoothed and tested, and the Guyana gold mining project was expected to be completed by the end of August. In addition, the company Colombia, Serbia, the purple copper industry, the timok copper gold mining project, and the Heilongjiang copper mountain
With the completion of priority projects, such as the Kakula copper mine and the Vu Ritika gold mine, corporate gold and copper production will increase significantly, laying a solid foundation for companies to continue to grow into global leaders in mining.
As the country’s non-ferrous mining giant, the company, through endogenous development and overseas M&As, is increasing its metal production capacity, increasing its reserves of high-quality resource assets, and increasing its own internal strength. As the company’s previously deployed offshore high-quality mining capacity begins to be released, the company’s gold and copper production will continue to grow significantly.
2) There has been a sharp drop in commodity prices; 3) mine projects have not advanced as expected; 4) overseas mines have been cut off due to external forces.