Purple mining (601899): gold and copper at full cost, with a constant shift in resource advantage to efficiency advantage
In 2019, in Forbes, the company ranked 10th in the world's non-ferrous metals industry and 1st in China's non-ferrous metals industry.
• The company has an absolute resource advantage: the company is ranked first in the global gold industry with the largest reserves of domestic gold and copper. The company is a group of Chinese mining companies and there is a significant increase in mineral resources. The company owns 2,130 tons of gold metal reserves (as compared with the previous year).
The most cost-effective industries control the storage and production of metal resources, with the highest +23 per cent accounting for 15.6 per cent of the national reserves, and the copper metal reserves, with 62.47 million tons (+26 per cent accounting for 54.5 per cent of the national reserves), are among the most competitive large mining companies.
Primary gold, copper, zinc, etc. Mining resources are surveyed and sold. Compared to 25.7, it is one of the best colored businesses in the industry.  Company 20h1 gold, copper production increases on a full-line basis.
The company publicly issued a share of convertable corporate bonds ($6 billion) (-15%). The loss of gold production from the closure of the Porgla gold mine was offset by the successful taking over of production from the Vuritica gold mine, which was increased by Zeravshan (+9%), Norton gold fields (+36%), and the production of the Porgla gold (+2%).
Loss (-32%); Kolwezi copper mine (+66%), rtbbor (+36%), Dobino copper mine (+59%)
▪ Gold and copper plates contribute to the company ' s main business and profits, and capital expenditure leads to an increase in leverage: public sector H1 gold and copper accounts for 79.2 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, of which gold accounts for the company ' s main income, total equity/currenta shares (millions)
61.3 per cent, copper 17,95 per cent; from a profit point of view, the gold and copper business accounted for 76 per cent of the group's total gross b/h share (in thousands), with gold accounting for 38.6 per cent and copper 37.4 per cent of the mineral sales and sales price.
Co-growth has led to a marked improvement in the company ' s mineral Māori (a combination of Māori in mining enterprises + 1.13 per cent) and, as a result, has been reduced by the credit rating of Moody, Fitch and Pull. Given the expected increase in cash flow from the effective release of company mining projects and the forthcoming release of $6 billion,
Debts (accepted by the CSRC on 28 July) are expected to be limited in corporate liquidity risk, with further optimization of the financial structure associated with the expansion of the size of the company’s revenue collection. The mineral resources priority strategy leads to cost competitiveness, with resource advantages gradually turning into efficiency advantages:
The company adheres to the priority strategy for mineral resources and has implemented a countercyclical M&A strategy starting in 2015 to purchase the Kamoa copper mine, rtbbor, timok copper mine, Vuritika gold mine, and this year ' s Great Dragon Copper industry and Guyana gold mine, with the company ' s low-cost mineral resources folding and effective project optimization making the company as a whole.
The competitiveness of production costs is highlighted (average cost per unit of sales of 13.6% for 2020h1, with reduced cost driven by a 20% increase in the Māori of the Kuensan product). In the future, as the Vuritika gold mine progresses and the technology changes are completed (6.26 tons of annual equity mineral gold), the Li Dam gold mine has been selected for 10,000 tons/day (annual contribution of mineral gold)
5.5 tons), 1.5 million tonnes/year transformation of the Paddington plant (mineral gold production 5.5 tons/year), completion of handover in Guyana (approximately 5 tons of annual mineral gold) and improvement in techniques such as mercury cave gold mining, with the company projected to produce 65 tons of mineral gold per year after 2023, an increase of 59 per cent over 2019; and taking into account the fact that
Yearly production (approximately 157,000 tons of mineral copper) and mining of timok (145,000 tons of copper), removal of dragon copper (expected contribution of mineral copper to 83,000 tons in 2022) and rtbbor 1480510120012
▪ The value of gold has shifted upwards and the price of copper has stabilized overall: within the year of the average price of basic gold in the country, the price of copper is still supplied by the mine, taking into account the continued premium on gold, liquidity premium and exchange rate premium, as well as the consistency and trend of central bank purchases and physical holdings.
The trend in the supply gap for copper should be magnified from long-term observations, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is expected to lead to a relatively stable operation of copper prices by 2023 (years of re-release of mining supplies).
Technology improvements are not as high as expected, exchange rate fluctuations and non-resistible risks in project countries.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Hodgins is engaged in research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Zhang Tian Feng Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom. Ten years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management.
Second-class prize for the joint study of the Chinese Institute for Futures, third-grade prize for the joint study of the Chinese Institute; a silver prize for the Chinese Institute for Futures and a multi-media copper prize; a third-grade prize for the soybean futures of the Dalian Commodity Exchange, with the Chinese Institute of Gold referring to the futures as the franchise of the market competition.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Purple mining (601899): Gold and copper are at a very high price and there is a constant shift in resource advantage to efficiency, and there is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.