Demand recovery-driven performance repair, overseas breakthroughs deepening growth dynamics Annual Report 2024 and Quarterly Performance Review 2025 Joint Film Medical Care (stock code: 688271)
Events: Companies published annual reports for 2024 and first quarter reports for 2025. Business harvests in 2024: domestic business phase pressure, and overseas expansion continued to make new breakthroughs. Companies sold medical video diagnostic equipment and radiotherapy equipment to generate revenue of $8.445 billion (14.93%), Māori rate
47.05% (+0.87 pct) of which ct/mr/mi/xr/rt products, respectively, achieve sales revenue Delayed recovery and equipment renewal policy business landing for some time. Nevertheless, the company ' s incremental share of domestic operations continued to increase (up by more than 3 percentage points with the same share added), with high-end equipment panels
Disaggregated markets with higher permeability thresholds (high end product matrix contribution of nearly 5 percentage points structural growth) 2) Overseas: income of 2,266 million yuan (+35.07 per cent) was achieved, representing 22 per cent of total revenue, benefiting from strategic results from corporate breakthroughs in high end markets and penetration in emerging regions: full line image equipment overlayed
Over 70% of U.S. state governments and high-end medical equipment have completed market penetration, digital Pete/ct and 1.5t MRI in more than half of the EU27 member states, leading the country’s new market share. 202501: profit levels are steadily repaired and demand recovery is driven by continuous improvement.
q1 revenues and profits have been positive for the same year, and it is expected that the demand for medical equipment upgrades will be released gradually, and domestic bidding for medical equipment will recover steadily. The company ' s Māori ratio of 2025q1 (Māori) is 49.94% (+0.37 pct, an increase of $12 million) has had a negative impact on the perceived profits.
We believe that companies’ business may be at a turning point, and that performance is expected to recover steadily and noticeably from the season to the season. High ups and ups, with high core barriers, and steady and stable global layouts.
1. [Galaxy’s Medicine] company review _ joint film medicine (688271): investment of 568 million yuan (22.92 per cent of revenue). Based on high levels of research and development investment, the company has been under a slight pressure from 24h1 to wait for demand to be released;
Major technological achievements are emerging and have reached global leadership in a number of areas. For example, mr: Super 2. [Galactic Medicines] Company Review _ Joint Film Medicals (688271) _ Annual Report 2023 and Quarterly Report 2024: High end product.
(b) mastering techniques such as tubes, high pressure generators, detectors, mi: etc.;
[Galactic Medicine] Company Review _ Joint Film Medicine (688271): Pressure generators, high-speed rotation hangars, image reconstruction algorithms, high-speed re-engineering platforms are fully self-researched; rt: growth from product lines is robust and global layout is fruitful;
4. [Galaxy’s Medicine] Company Review _ Joint Film Medical Care (688271): The core components of the treatment have been developed into a cross-cutting, autonomous solution. Companies have generated high growth in their mrxr products in the country and robust overseas operations;
The two-wheel-drive model of “high-end penetration + global penetration”, which continuously consolidates the full spectrum competitive advantage with a comprehensive product matrix, with a cumulative delivery of ct equipment exceeding 10,000 units, and a rapid start to growth with an inkling and rt physiotherapy equipment; in overseas markets, companies drive business by deepening localization and precision regional strategies
It is proposed that joint video medicine is the lead in the manufacture of home-grown medical imaging equipment, with a rich product line and advanced production.
I am committed to producing this report in an independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Men-hee, Master of Quantities in Finance at the National University of Singapore, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, mainly for research in the pharmaceutical industry. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.