The domestic market is on its way, and the overseas market is on its way.
• A return to domestic warming, promising rapid performance, a surge in overseas markets, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings, increased investment in R & D and business expansion. Given the downside of domestic equipment upgrading policies, courtyard heating, 2025q1 % of strong domestic market penetration, and a rapid rise in overseas market performance
The market share of high-end equipment grew by almost 5 percentage points over the same period. The market share of products continued to rise, core image equipment had a strong head position, and image products (without ultrasound and dsa) were ranked first in the combination of new markets. Overseas: overseas revenues of 2,220 billion yuan (yoy+33.81%) in 2024, or more.
The company’s full-line video equipment covers more than 70% of states in the United States, high-end equipment is in the top clinical and scientific institutions, and the European region has achieved a full-scale ice-break in English and German, with a cumulative coverage of over 50% of the countries.
Home; Asia-Pacific region, five years into the Indian market, has covered more than 70 per cent of India's territory, with new local markets taking possession of an all-industry chain-based home-grown ecology, building a resilient supply chain with strong risk resistance.
Nationally produced ecology, covering the raw material layer, the element layer to the core parts layer.
Continuous upgrades + fast-discharge-drive industries overseas, detectors, high-speed rotor racks, image reconstruction algorithms, high-speed reconstruction platforms, etc., of which 2-5mhu tubes, strong performance growth - company first-time coverage report
To achieve full autonomous R & D and volume production, a prototype of the 8mhu or more canal has been completed, pushing production to the ground. The whole chain of national production not only boosts product competitiveness, but also builds resilient supply chains that are resilient to risk, laying the foundation for the public sector to continue to break through high-end and emerging markets and increase domestic and foreign market ownership.