Joint Film Medical (688271.sh) Performance Out of the Quarterly Decline, Général Internationalization - 2024 and Quarterly 2025q1
Dollars (including taxes) and combined dividends of $66 million were found. 25q1, with $2.48 billion in revenues, net profit to the mother. Data on monthly bids for domestic medical equipment continued to improve, and net profit increases for 25q1, with a split of 5.4 per cent and 1.9 per cent, respectively, and we believe that corporate revenues have hit the bottom of the 24q3 quarter and are moving gradually.
• Sub-business lines & product lines: average prices of video products are generally stable, high Māori coverage services are upgraded Sub-business lines, in 2024, the company video manufacturing branch received $8.44 billion, a 14.9 per cent decline in the same year. Māori rates have remained largely stable at around 47.1 per cent, mainly due to the downward impact of the sale of video equipment, ct and
xr fell by 22.3% and 20.6%, respectively, and the sales of mr, mi and rt video equipment increased by one-digit, but the average sales price of each product was largely stable. Protection and technical services earned 1.36 billion yuan, an increase of 26.8% over the same period, while medical equipment giants received 30-40% of the total, and we believe that as the equipment is held up,
This will increase steadily the income and share of the company ' s maintenance and technical services. Software and other income will continue to increase the R & D and marketing inputs 2024-10-30, respectively.
• Galli internationalization, high-end breakthroughs and emerging regional penetration towards global markets.
The company’s products cover more than 14,800 medical and scientific institutions in more than 85 countries and regions, 49 of which are licensed through fda 510 (k) and 46 through c mdr/mdd certification, with distribution networks covering the world’s major developed markets and emerging markets.
The company’s full-line video equipment has covered more than 70% of the state governments in the United States, with more than 100 pet/ct aggregate installed machines. In the European market, joint video medicine has been completed in Britain, France, Germany, Italy, and the five major Western European economies, with commercialization: the Asia-Pacific region as the core growth engine of the joint film overseas market, and continues to unleash its potential.
With respect to security technology services, the global service network now covers more than 200 cities in more than 85 countries/areas, creating a global service network of “7 regional spare parts hubs + 32 national banks” and forming equipment sales and uniforms.
• A profit forecast and investment proposal of 52.0 times, with companies leading domestic video equipment, and a recovery in the pace of domestic medical equipment.
Offshore revenues are rising rapidly, and we maintain a “recommended” rating. Competition in the therapeutic video equipment industry exacerbates risks; system risks.