Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) $591 million (Yoy-35.09 per cent) minus net profit from non-return to the mother $546 million (Yoy)
• Domestic market performance is under pressure, overseas markets are actively expanding, and profitability is steadily increasing, influenced by the pace of domestic equipment upgrading policies, the size of the industry as a whole is on the same scale, and the rt line of business is growing in reverse.
Income from equipment sales was $3.048 billion (yoy-25.03 per cent), mr line equipment sales 16.31 per cent), xr line equipment sales $587 million (yoy-22.80 per cent), rt operations 31 December, companies in the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia and the United States.
Many countries and regions around the world, including New Zealand, South Africa, have established marketing networks, and corporate products have been successfully deployed in 85 countries and territories, including the United States, Japan, and South Korea. In 2024, the company was able to break down internal video technology, treat global innovation, and sustain the core drivers of autonomous innovation.
In 2024, the company invested 2,261 million yuan in R & D, with 21.95 per cent R & D, with more than 80 per cent patent applications for inventions, a cumulative patent authorization of more than 4,600 items, covering the entire technological chain of “nuclear core parts - whole systems - smart platforms” and now forming the “R & D - transformation - commercialization”
1. Co-opportunity of company evaluation: Industry and industry, corporate ownership of technology is emerging in various fields of business: mr, short-term pressure has been achieved to achieve excess performance, waiting for a recovery of 2024-11-1-1.
Aeromagnetic/glazer, radio frequency/spectrometer, radio frequency/glacial power amplifier, sequence/reconstruction/clinical response, full autonomous control of system integration, 100% autonomous development of all core components, whole 2. [Waan’an’s Medicines] Company Deep Shadow Medical Association:
International lead at the physical level; in the field of ct, full master of the tubes, high-pressure generators, detection of equipment for producing medical images, innovation of technology such as lead machines, high-speed rotor racks, image reconstruction algorithms, high-speed reconstruction platforms, etc.
The generator has achieved full autonomous development of low configurations from 42kw to 100kw high school; 2-5mhu tubes have achieved full autonomous development and volume production; 8mhu or more tubes have been completed and process improvement is continuously being optimized; mi area, pet detector, electronic control department
Global leadership, high-pressure generators, high-speed rotation machine racks, image reconstruction algorithms, high-speed re-engineering platforms fully self-researched and fully equipped with detector chips and pet-specific crystals; rt domain, from the release treatment core components (e.g. accelerator tubes, foliage rasters, full-state high-pressure modems, etc.) to
On-the-job software systems (tps radiotherapy program system, pws radiotherapy profiler system, ois radiotherapy information system, qa radiotherapy quality control system) have formed autonomous and controlled innovative solutions across the entire chain of "core components to soft and hard integration " ; in dxr, based on the company
Core components, such as high-voltage generators, developed autonomously throughout the chain, combined with industry-led image reconstruction algorithms, built up a fully autonomous Xr technology system of intellectual property rights; and in the area of crossr, built on nuclears, such as high-voltage generators, multi-liberator racks, high-precision complex machine control systems, etc., developed by the master.
Heart parts, deep-integrated image reconstruction algorithms, systems-based dsa solutions, and large-scale improvements in product competitiveness are accompanied by resilient supply chains with high risk resistance. Companies lead nationally produced medical video equipment, competitive products, high barriers to research and development, and dovetails.
Centralized procurement policy risks; business cooperation risks under the distribution model; internationalization and business expansion risks; trade frictions and geopolitical risks; field investment and secondary market research experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.