On the same day, the company released its report for the first quarter of 2025: operating income of 2,478 million yuan in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 5.42 per cent in the same year, and the bid was gradually warming; the net return to the mother was 370 million yuan.
In 2024, the company achieved revenue of $8,034 million, resulting in a gradual mismatch between market demand and the policy pace of upgrading the domestic medical equipment industry, resulting in the Chinese market.
The company’s share of the economy has increased further, with the share of the business as a whole growing by more than 3 percentage points over the same period, with high-end products contributing about 5 percentage points of structural growth. The core product line is the current gradient breakout – super-high-end ct (256 rows and above) across a 20% city divide.
3.0t, 5.0t magnetic resonance (MRI) maintains market advantage, increasing the market share of therapeutic equipment by almost 8 percentage points.
Foreign markets generated revenue of 2,266 million yuan, an increase of 35.07 per cent, an historic high of 22.00 per cent of total operating income, and a dual strategic outcome of high-end market breakthroughs and emerging regional penetration. With highly competitive technology and solutions, companies have branded influence and markets in overseas regions.
< < joint video medical point review report: strong overseas business performance, steady increase in the share of production line cities in the country > < top image (without ultrasound, dsa) city, combined with growth in equipment sales and services income generation
< < Joint video medical evaluation report: Continued high, both within and outside the country, with company video products (free of ultrasound and dsa) ranked first in 2024. (1) Ct city ranked first: 40 and below, 64-80 in number 1, 128-
256 rows II, 256 rows and above. (2) The city of mr has the second largest share: 1.5t and < < joint video medical point evaluation report: configuration card release > mr number I, 3.0tr, 3.0t and above mr. (3)mi has the highest rate.
First, Pete/ct is the number one in nine consecutive years. (4) Diagnosis xr products (including fixed dr, high-end breakthroughs in mobile power products, equity incentives to show companies dr, breast dr) are the highest in the city, with fixed dr first, breast dr and mobile drd.
Long-term development of confidence >--2023-08-22 II. (5) Intervention in xr products (including dsa and mobile c-arm) is the fourth largest, with dsa V, mobile c-arm IV. (6) Rt product markets are the third highest, with an increase of nearly 8 percentage points in the same year
Research assistant: Li Xiaowau Māori rate is stable, sales costs are affected by increased overseas market expansion spending, and sales costs are mainly due to higher overseas market expansion spending.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the combined Māori rate, the sales cost rate, the management cost rate, the risk of R&D fees being applied, and the risk of new products being developed at a slower pace than expected.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report