The business growth coincides with the cycle rise and the lithium salt tap continues to upgrade The lithium industry (002460) was rated at the end of the cycle, with a substantial increase in volume and a marked improvement in q4 performance. The main reason for this change in performance was holding.
The equity value of financial assets such as pilbara increased significantly q4 and, in terms of recurrent items, the company achieved non-return to the mother of €0.7.1.0/0.9.14 billion in each quarter of 2020, benefiting from an increase in sales of lithium salt products and a return in prices, with a marked increase in the q4 performance ring ratio.
• Resource, processing and lithium battery operations are at a new growth point. At the end of the resource end, the 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate-agen, the Tincauchari-olaroz Salt Lake project is affected by the epidemic, and the date of commissioning is expected to be delayed from 21 years to 21 shares with a relative depth of 300 indicators.
At the end of the year, Mexico completed the certification of the lithium clay process and technology and is actively promoting the design of production lines; lithium salt processing, with the extension of 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in the 3rd phase of the Mahun expansion project, has been in operation since 21 years; Lithium battery plate, which was introduced into the employee holding scheme, reduced to 54.62 per cent of the share ratio and enhanced stand-alone distribution.
• Lithium salt processing advantages are consolidated, and competitiveness rises to the top of the world. The company’s investment in lithium salt costs are 150 million yuan.
Strong, counter-cyclical expansion, the main rival Yapo is subject to uncertain project prospects, and the lithium industry is constrained by financial constraints to sustain existing production. Growth in corporate business is accompanied by capacity enhancement and capacity enhancement, which in turn guarantees sustainable business development.
The current price of lithium carbonate rose from $40,000 to $71,000 at the bottom, continuously validating our judgement on the recovery of the lithium cycle. The outlook is not clear, and we believe that the short-term price of lithium carbonate is showing a much faster rate than that of the iron lithium penetration and the second half of 2020.
Since then, there has been a return to concentration on the sale of new energy vehicles, considering the release of production capacity in mines (in fact, a new starting point for growth, consolidation of advantages, bottom of the lithium cycle, upwards of the lithium industry)
In the four-quarter sales of orocobre, pilbara, galaxy and meeralresources, the overall demand for lithium will be higher than for low- and medium-cost projects by 2022.
• Risk factors: project delivery, product certification and marketing are not as fast as expected, and new energy vehicles are not permeable, given that since 2023, the supply-demand relationship in the industry has reversed, lithium prices have been long, capacity has increased, industry cycles have been up, and the “buy-in” rating has been maintained.
The recovery of the lithium cycle is not as fast as expected.