Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) Net return profit in 2024 increased at a high rate compared to the year 2024, with a higher end ratio of 0led products.
The domestic demand for lcdtv products, driven by old policy swaps and overseas promotional provisions, has been better, tv panel prices have stopped falling back and the volume of outgoing goods has increased by the same ring ratio; and 2) 4q24 companies have produced more than 40 million flexible amoleds, with significant growth in the ring and continued improvement in the product structure.
The price of the lcdtv panel, driven by the old policy change, stopped falling back and made a profit for the company. The price of the lcdtv panel began to decline in July 2024, the price of the demand side was driven by the old policy change in October, and the price of the icdtv panel of various sizes began to rise in January 2025.
In the second half of 2024, under the country’s subsidy policy, television applications increased significantly, and the domestic market grew in the second half of the year. Companies are now operating on smart phones, tablets, laptops, desktop monitors, television, etc.
Mainstream applications remain the world’s number one. Companies focus on super-size products (85 inches and 52 weeks’ maximum/minimum prices), and the volume is the world’s highest.
In 2025, the global average size of the lcdtv panel will grow by 0.62 to 52.14 inches on a year-on-year basis. The company's high-end ratio of the corporate panel will be raised, with active layout applications in size. The company's flexible aoled panel delivered about 140 million pieces in 2024, optimized product structure, and significantly increased the share of high-end products in 2024.
The company delivers its first three-fold global product, with a 40-per-cent increase in the overall volume of folding products; the two-storey combined smartphone terminal programme is dedicated to multi-brand flagships and delivers its output. At the same time, the Department is active in flexible amoled, medium-size applications, etc.., and the Omdia project is expected to be in 2025.
For the first time, the small and medium-sized und panels will reach 1 billion, with a wide range of downstream applications covering games, ar/vr/mr head displays, near-eyes, vehicle displays, smartphones, etc. Investment proposals: In the second half of 2024, the demand for an icdtv panel increased, driven by old and new policy changes in the country.
“Kyoto”a (000725.sz) - 3-quarter ring growth, Māori ratio is double the Kyotoa (000725.sz) - 2-quarter Māori ratio improvement”, and we see the lcd industry as producing on demand, making steady profits on a continuous basis, and corporate layout as much as possible.
Kyoto Orientala (000725.sz) - Quarterly improvements in profitability, opening of the lcd industry Medium-sized application, raising the high-end ratio of the oled to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Quindonga (000725.sz)-lcdtv prices continue to rise, with the second quarter closing.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same quarter, Figure 2: Corporate operating income and rate of increase in the same quarter, Figure 6: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates in the same quarter
Figure 5: Corporate single-quarter combined Māori rates, parent rate net interest rates, period cost rates Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future