Event: October 30, 2025, Quarter 2025, last three quarters, Quantico 601699.sh.
The Division achieved business income of $21,099 million, a decrease of 20.82 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1,554 million, a current coal production of 4,245 million tons and a commercial coal sales of 3,758 million tons, which was almost the same as the previous year. The combined sale price of coal was $519.76 per ton, compared to approximately $660 per ton in the same period last year.
The ring ratio has declined significantly, mainly due to cost increases. The company’s three-quarter sales of coal have decreased by about 1 million tons compared to the second quarter, and the cost of selling coal in three-quarters has risen significantly to 359 ton/ton, compared to 298 ton/ton in the second quarter.
Companies continue to expand their resources strategically to supplement existing mines with a short-lived number of years. The company is continuing to develop its programmes to speed up resource expansion, project construction, technological adaptation, merger and purchase restructuring, industrial extension, product upgrading, promoting the growth of coal-fired industry, upgrading industry quality, optimizing product structure, and improving overall production structure.
In accordance with the principle of "circumstance, take and take" , the market competition for scavenging resources, such as those of the Mount, the West Camp and the Fiveyang and the Fortress Zones, has been highlighted, and a timely opportunity has been chosen to boost the coal assets of the controlling shareholders. The company has acquired the right to prospecting in the Upper Horse Blocks in 2024.
An increase in coal resources of over 800 million tons, added to their own reserves, provides strong support for future development. The company now has 18 production wells with an advanced capacity of 49.7 million tonnes/year, an average of 3 million tonnes/year for single wells, and a leading industry of intensive production levels, with significant scale effects.
In addition, in recent days, the company announced that the Ida coal industry was planning to purchase 200,000 tons of energy per year for the high river, and that the purchase of the temple coal industry would be indicative of its capacity.
The target of 200,000 tonnes/year, the target of 200,000 tonnes/year for the purchase of five springs of mineral energy, and a total of 600,000 tonnes/year for the replacement of productive capacity for nuclear production. Future construction, ongoing production of proposed mines, and the development of new sources of finance will help to upgrade the company’s core service function and its core competitiveness.
The company will develop steadily and sustainably in the future.
The company shares are still at a high level, and the cash flow advantage highlights the asset advantage.
In the month, companies were selected for the China Association of Listed Companies' cash score list to fulfil their pay-back commitments in real action, highlighting the value of long-term investments. The company stated that it would continue to focus on “high-yielding returns,” combining the quality of development with the dynamic balance of shareholder returns, and steadily moving forward on a new path of high-quality development.
Billions of dollars, interest-bearing debt cash coverage of 290 per cent, reflecting the quality of assets and firm profit forecasts and investment ratings of companies: we believe that the Cun can be used as a leader in the domestic blow-up industry, coal \triangleright
High cash coverage of carbon assets, interest-bearing debt, combined with growth in output and growth in output and a high proportion of cash, has a high growth potential while businesses are operating robustly. We expect companies to have 2025-\triangleright.
He was a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Council, a member of the China Price Association's Select Committee on Coal Prices and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (maintaining a job), and for over 10 years he was a research consultant in coal and energy-related fields and he was a member of the China Geology and Mineral Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Council, and a member of the China Price Association's Executive Committee.
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is currently in charge of the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, and Master of Financial Sciences, Nanjing University.
He has worked for many years in coal mining, technology management, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert, assistant to the Director of China's Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption. The editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060: completion of the study on “Cultural carbon peaks in petrochemical industries and implementation pathways” and participated in the planning of the oil and gas industry in China's ministries and the construction of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy research and research in the petrochemical sector. Kwok Shei, Beijing University Environmental Engineering/National University of Singapore Chemical Double Master of Science, Beijing Master of Environmental Engineering, five years in environmental engineering.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, and Bachelor of Arts, University of Tianjin, in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sunda Securities Study in June 2022.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public environmental studies Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Master of Accounting, Lee Wei, cpa, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal.
Li Dong, Master of Arts in Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry, Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
In July 2023, Liu Po, a major management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors without, without, and without, any direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.