Thirty-sixty (601360): The King of Cyber Security, the Swords, the Thirty-six-O Policies Security Operations, the company's deep-deep network security for many years, accumulated deep technological, product and data advantages.
Founded in 2005, the Deep Farming Industry has accumulated over the years a core of artificial intelligence, big data, object networking, network, 3600 security technology, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as " defense " ) core Internet technology, as well as security of material networking, big data security, cloud computing security, etc.
"Corporate" or "360" are the largest Internet and mobile safety products and service providers in China. The company is mainly full of technology and has built safety guards, smart hardware, hunting platforms, etc. covering network and physical levels,
Information security products at the consumer and enterprise levels, and companies have become China's largest Internet and mobile safety products, depending on the volume of Internet products.
In addition, for many years, companies have been engaged in Internet advertising and services, Internet value-added services, smart hardware, etc., in the extensive user base of information security products at the pc end and on the mobile end.
The penetration rate and the number of active monthly users remain industry leaders, accumulate a wealth of data resources and industry experience, and apply the core security capabilities accumulated by these operations.
In the areas of corporate security, urban safety, and through cloud-ordered data on assault, approximately 28 billion full sample banks have been collected with the leading threat intelligence, reading, security services and operating models to achieve safe operations.
Attack the sample knowledge base. Deep technology, products and data advantages built firm competition for companies, deep political and urban security, and bg client advantage highlighted. In 2019, 3600 announced the launch of a government safety 3.0 strategy, based on years of deep-cultivation network safety track.
Technology and experience accumulated, relying on the “360 safe brain” for business and urban safety operations. In the area of political security, companies build cybersecurity operators based on the “360 safe brain” to cut through priority cities, priority industries and key infrastructure industries throughout the country and deepen the company-tob system: cities.
With regard to city safety, the company relies on case experience and response capacity in the area of cybersecurity to deal with security threats in the physical space of the city in order to improve its ability to manage the city in a digital setting. The company is now working with 78% of the ministries, 80% of the companies, 82% of the large banks, and millions of small and medium-sized banks.
In 2019 alone, 360 political and corporate security groups worked together to build and operate safe infrastructure in cities such as Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Shanghai, Chengzhou, Pearl and crane walls, setting up a landmark national security service model. Of these, the winning figure was $118.6 million.
The Tianjin emergency project was approved on 1 December 2020, and the national emergency safety brain pole was launched. The project is the first informatization project in a national emergency area where 360 cities’ safe brain is located. bg End-of-end client outreach is expected to become the company’s next performance driver.
With the growing digitalization leading to the escalation of information threats and security requirements, the company is expected to demonstrate a leading advantage, with the deepening digitalization of the economy, the emergence of new technologies such as 5g, object networking, big data, etc.
New threats in the area of information security have also escalated, with higher demands for information security being placed on the market and at the national policy level. Industry is expected to open up the development space. According to the Chinese CyberSafety Association, the domestic network security market reached 52.3 billion yuan in 2019, and will break through 100 billion yuan by the end of 2023.
The new generation of “1+1+n+x” network security capabilities, with a safe brain at its core, has achieved five landing sites programmes, eight subversive innovations and nine barriers that can effectively help government clients to build up security defence systems at different levels of the network and physical space, and the information security industry opens up space for development.
Companies are expected to take advantage of development opportunities and to demonstrate a pioneering advantage. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: a trend is expected to be followed by government and business, given the years of company accumulation of data in the area of cybersecurity and the company’s failure to stabilize its commercialization of the Internet.
The Division’s strategy is not moving as fast as expected. Three-sixty (601360.sh): the king of cybersecurity is stunned, and the 36-0 government has a strong vision of security operations.
1.3660 - The leading Internet and security service provider in the country, 1.1 Deep-farming Internet and security services, for many years, builds a comprehensive defence system for the Great Security Age, and 360 is China's leading Internet and security service provider.
The era of “greater security” has accelerated with the deepening of social and industry digitalization, 360 security guards, 360 mobile security browsers, etc. 360, with the mission of “making the world a safer and better place,” are committed to the vision of “the constant creation of black technology as a full-fledged guardian.”
Upon returning to a share market in 2018, 360 companies, while ensuring the orderly operation of their original Internet security services and major operations, continued to build an integrated defence strategy system for the Greater Security Age through technological innovation, the introduction of a distributed smart security system, the “360 Safe Brain.” In the future, 360 companies will promote knowledge-sharing and coordination within industry through the sharing of resources and the exchange of standards as digital security operators.
Together with defense, by forming a national safety brain to build a large safety ecology against new threats to the Internet, the founder of 1.2 has deep industry experience, creating new patterns of Internet and network security, and Tianjin Ki-shin became the first major shareholder and Zhou Hung-hoon became the real controller. Tianjin Ki-hoon holds 48.74% of the company’s shares.
The stockholders, Tianjin Chi Xin Xin Xin, were created by 360 to achieve the privatization of the defunct market. Zhou is directly holding 12.14% of the shares, and indirectly holding shares in the company through Tian Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin (with 17.38% of the shares) and Tianjin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin (99.10% of the shares), together holding about 23.4% of the shares is the actual control of the company.
During the course of the year, Zhou has created 360 companies, launched a creative “free security” strategy, subverted the traditional Internet security industry model, raised the overall level of Internet security in China, and created a new set of Internet services in China.
2.1 The digital economy is facing new challenges, with China entering the digital age with a 36-0 cast security pillar. Since 2016, China’s digital economy has accounted for more than 30% of gdp, reaching 36.2% in 2019. The digital economy has become the leading driving force behind China’s global digital economy.
Digitalization is a strategic opportunity for countries to take advantage of a new technological revolution and win future competition, while the digitalization process faces a growing threat of cyberwarfare, which has become the greatest security threat in the digital age.
Industrial production, energy, transport, medical care, finance, as well as urban and social governance, jeopardize all aspects of the overall security of the country.
Big opponent, big challenge, big hand.
The East’s financial and intellectual sources of 3600 (601360.sh): The King of Cyber Security is a powerful player, and the 3600 government’s Security Business Map is a powerful force that has built Internet security as the basis for digital construction, building a system of security capabilities covering technology, products, operations, capabilities and services.
60% shift security from the stacking of traditional products and services to the systematic upgrading of security capabilities, addressing not only specific security issues, but also systemic issues of service empowerment in security capabilities, using services as a means of providing a full range of capabilities with the goal of capacity-building, Figure 5:360
2.2 The market for security services is vast, and the concentration of security markets is expected to increase, and the country’s network information security industry is growing faster, driven by the policy of cybersecurity and emerging technologies. The domestic network security market is 52.3 billion yuan, and will break through hundreds of billions by the end of 2023.
China’s network security market is dominated by hardware and software, which, according to the AIDS consultant, is 86.2% of the market, while the market share for security services is only 13.8%, while the market share for security services in the global market is 64.4%.
The country’s share of the security services market has considerable scope for growth, and security services operations are expected to grow rapidly, significantly faster than the overall Internet information security market. In recent years, with the penetration of China’s security markets, saas and cloud services, active defence, etc., the net information security profit model has begun to grow from a soft year, and China’s share in the security services market is expected to rise from 11.1% in 2016 to 19.8%.
Because of the diversity and complexity of security needs, the diversity of Internet-based information security products, the degree of market segmentation, the variety of sub-markets, the variety of leading firms, the overall lack of a real leader in information security products and the relatively low concentration of markets,
The market share of the top five producers is less than 30% and competition is intense. As competition in the market increases further and the security situation changes further, it is expected that security services, which will occupy a larger share of the market in the future, will require more comprehensive integrated service capabilities and complete and reliable safety solutions, and industry barriers to competition will increase.
Through technological innovation and product-based research and development, expanding product lines, upgrading the service capabilities of overall solutions, and increasing market competition. Manufacturers with technological, branding, talent, and financial advantages will become potential industrial aggregates that will grow themselves through large mergers and acquisitions, eliminating backward firms, and increasing industrial concentration.
2.3 In keeping with the trend of accelerating the deployment of government and urban safety, it has been decided to increase and accelerate the expansion of operations. In a year and a half, business orders for government and urban safety have been placed in cooperation with nine major cities, totalling more than $1.3 billion. At the political and security level, the company has been awarded US$ 239.5 million and US$ 239.5 million, respectively, for the Cyber Security Industry Base project in Chongqing and Tianjin.
The successful award of $118.6 million to the Group's subsidiary, Beijing Chihu Technologies Ltd., which has now been fully accepted, also means that an emergency management information system with a 360-city, safe brain has been successfully deployed in Tianjin to serve as a beacon for the national emergency safety brain, which is important for the modernization of our emergency management system and capacity.
The Tianjin emergency project is the first information project in the area of emergency response in which the safety brain of 360 cities is located throughout the country. The project builds a central hub for the three lines of protection for disaster prevention, mitigation, and relief, through a top-level design focused on high standards, high positioning. The project also focuses on the three dimensions of “sense”, “know,” “line” and the construction of a global perception network, the opening of data barriers, the mapping of global resource data, and the creation of an “emergency highway” for the Tianjin City Emergency Management Authority.
The project will also be based on a combination of knowledge and multi-source isomer data integration technology to maximize early warning for emergency monitoring in Tianjin City, and to enhance ancillary command decision-making capacity to fully support the institution-building of emergency management in Tianjin City's “Unity Command, Standing and Co-operation, Responsive, Up-to-Down Networking, Alliance for Peace”.
Eastern source of financial and intellectual prosperity 3600 (601360.sh): Internet security kings have a sharp edge and 3600 companies have a strong picture of security operations. Table 1: Cooperation in large security operations
In 2019, the company launched a political security strategy, with breakthroughs in related operations. Security operations generated $473.2 million, an increase of 75.15 per cent over the same period, and commercialization of security operations has been gradually proven. In the area of political and business security, the company further refined its urban nodes, products and services, providing innovative services, including security infrastructure construction, terminal security, content subscription services, expert services, and continues to do so throughout the country.
In addition to promoting safety services and operating models at the municipal level in priority cities, companies continue to target key industries and critical infrastructure units, working with 360 cloud-end safety capabilities to address industry safety issues. In the area of urban safety, companies use mature and high-data and cloud capabilities to help local governments address problems and challenges in urban information and digital management.
In August 2019, the company set up a 360-city safety group for modern urban governance, security, and emergency management, which was the first brand to create future urban safety services. 360 city safety groups inherited a 360-specific safety gene and were committed to bringing technology and products to the service of urban safety. In August 2019, the urban safety group was launched to provide security for the transformation of the urban digital economy.
3. Deep-farm network safety lanes, successful expansion of government and urban safety operations, and commercialization of the Internet based on cybersecurity technologies and user bases.
Building on the technology and experience accumulated over the years in deep-farming network safety lanes, companies are now mainly engaged in four major business lines: Internet commercialization, intellectual life, political entrepreneurship, and urban safety. Companies rely on the broad user base accumulated by Internet products for Internet commercialization and smart life operations at the end of c. They apply the core security capabilities accumulated by these operations to areas such as political security, urban safety, etc.
Figure 8:360: The Internet Business Framework The Safe Brain Support Company is operating from cyberspace to physical space security. Three-six-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred-hundred teams of experts in large-scale safety data and top-level security.
The team and its core security capabilities, such as the porous resources, threat intelligence, and the knowledge base for offensive warfare, have built on this foundation the largest distributed intelligent security system in the world, the “360 secure brain.” After years of deep cultivation and accumulation in the area of cybersecurity, company users have gradually expanded from the sphere of personal and family life to that of party military companies, cities, and society, and from that of cyberspace to that of physical space.
The company has developed a series of 360 safety guards, 360 mobile security guards, and so on. Based on safe products, the company has expanded its access to information products, including 360 navigations, 360 searches, and content products, represented by stream products.
Commercial products and service systems, such as Internet advertising and services, Internet value-added services, which are primarily game-based, are efficiently connected to commercial customers and users, and facilitate the commercialization of the value of flows.
East Hing Securities Depth Report 3600 (601360.sh): Cybersecurity kings have a sharp edge, 3600 companies have a strong view of security operations, and have begun to build lot product lines, building on years of accumulation of security technology, extending the concept of online security to subline smart hardware.
In the case of car connections, companies publish multi-car logs and child seating, and in association with a number of higher education institutions, automobiles and spare parts companies have set up 360 car-networking centres and 360 car-nets.
The operating platform is also now operational, enabling the export of safety threat information to the auto industry and the cyber-security industry. For intelligent households, the company has launched a number of explosive products, such as sweep robots, smart cameras, secure routers, smart door locks, smart doorbells, etc. 3.2 User base build data advantages and industry users expand better.
Fifteen years of a secure market for deep-farming networks, which provides a broad user base. Companies use a free-of-charge strategy for the main safety products of individual users at the end of c, and capture large-scale users. According to Irey, by the end of 2019, the market penetration rate for company pc safety products was 97.84 per cent, the average number of active users remained above 500 million per month, and the safety market continued to rank first: the market penetration rate for pc browsers was 86.13 per cent and the average monthly penetration rate was 86.13 per cent.
The number of users jumped to 440 million: the average number of active users per month of mobile safety products reached 490 million. With a large user base, new products introduced by companies, sources of Eastern financial intelligence, and new businesses can be rapidly expanded, expanding and reducing the time and cost of extension. In addition, large user sizes have created strong competition for companies.
The broad user base provides 3600 with continuous network security sample data and cyberbehaviour data, helping companies to build full network safety data. Security big data is the basis for the discovery of cyberattacks, and is the cornerstone of a proactive defense system.
The company now owns the country's leading inventory + real-time Internet-wide database, including a sample database of programme documents and a survival site database, as well as a logbook of programme behaviour and a global domain name database, which can be used for intelligence analysis and traceability, providing a data base for security analysts to deepen their analysis of threat intelligence, and protecting the network security of corporate clients and individual users.
Figure 11: 360 security big data platform advantage. 360 secure big data platform has many important achievements in network security, using the user base and platform data advantage. 360 secure big data platform has succeeded in discovering hundreds of black producers and carousel virus authors, protecting the network security of both political and individual users.
Experts have been successful in discovering and tracering the sum of up to 40 foreign apt tissues across China, such as lotus, mothgrass, mermaids, vines, blue mushrooms, etc.
East Hing Securities Insight Report 3600 (601360.sh): The King of Cyber Security has a sharp edge, and the 3600 government has a strong agenda for security, won the 6th World Internet Congress Award for “World Internet Lead Technology”
Fit2019 Internet Security Innovation Congress was awarded the “National Power 2018” award; opswat gold medal; South Weekend International Security Ratifier