National gold foliage urities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
Thirty-six (601360.sh) plus (first rating) Internet security masters show up, and three-six-hundred-hundred building blocks.
The current business strategy has been upgraded to enhance blood-producing capacity: the three main companies currently operate Internet advertising and services, games and iot smart hardware. 1) Internet advertising and service operations, affected by the gradual disappearance of the Internet dividend, increased competition in the industry and a 30 per cent decline in earnings in the first half of the year; 2) the game industry
In the first six months, income grew by 46%. We believe that with the window created by the epidemic, income grew significantly, thanks to the continued power of the idiosyncratic hardware business in smart households, smart wears and safe travel of the three product lines.
During this period, active restructuring, upgrading of business strategies, and strengthening of blood-building capabilities will provide the firm with billions of dollars to grow, mainly for safe R & D and infrastructure, commercial products, and service-type projects. The cybersecurity industry continues to grow in size, with opportunities for leading firms with new security concepts.
The integrated development of technology has accelerated the spread of cybersecurity products and services from traditional domains to such applications as cloud, big data, physical networking, and industrial control. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the country’s cybersecurity industry has continued to grow at a high rate, and is expected to reach 17.2 billion yuan by 2020, with policy additions and industry demand increasing.
In terms of market patterns, the country’s net security sector market is currently fragmented, with less than 40% of the city of Cr8 and more opportunities for new entrants. Building a “360” safety brain, with political and business security under constant attack: meeting challenges, and new ones.
By creating a “360-safe brain” that is backed by cloud infrastructure, and by expert teams to secure the core architecture of political and economic security, the company launched a strategy for political and business security in 2019.
Products, "New Capital + Trust" – in both directions. With core skill levels, expert levels, brand competition, the city has been attacked continuously at the b- and g-ends, winning cyber-safety brain bases in cities like Tianjin, Qingdao and Chongqing, with orders over $1.5 billion in the last three quarters.
zhaiwei@gjzq.com.cn
1.1 Based on core security capabilities. Construction of a third-stage rocket operating system for the Internet business model 3600 is mainly involved in the development of Internet security technologies and in the design, development and transport of network security products.
The core Internet model of 3600 is a three-stage rocket from the bottom up. From the core technology to the use of household products to the evolution of the commercial layer.
The first level, core technology, is the foundation of the 3600 operational system. These include core Internet technology, represented by cyber-fighting technology, big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence, and core security technology, represented by qvm, network security, gap research and sandbox technology.
The second tier, which is based on core technology, is a system of user products and services. It is divided into core safe products and information content products, core safe products that share traffic to information content products, user and brand values, and information content products that enhance user stickyness for core safe products.
The third level is the introduction of commercial products and services based on user products and services.
1.2 Actively responding to the challenge, three major business strategies were upgraded – the three core business lines of the current company are Internet advertising and services, Internet value-added services and iot smart hardware.
Internet advertising and services, using the typical "free plus advertising and services" model. By providing high-quality and free security services, a huge pool of flow resources is being brought together to attract a variety of commercial users to integrate one-stop marketing in the 360 product matrix, which brings a large amount of advertising and clothing.
In 2020, as products, business upgrades and service audiences continued to grow, corporate commercial brands were upgraded from a marketing promotion platform to a full-scale smart business service platform, “360 Smart Business”. Currently, 360 smart business full-scale products are configured across platforms,
In March 2020, 360 Wirtschaftsprüfer Network (e.360.cn) was upgraded to online pc, app, wap.
The future companies will rely on Internet products that cover the full spectrum of users, provide a life-cycle service to companies, meet multidimensional growth needs, and build a symbiotic and win-win business ecology.
Internet value-added business, mainly Internet games. The company takes on the role of a network game platform in the Internet game industry chain, creating a mobile game distribution platform with 360 mobile end platforms, such as mobile assistants and 360 game halls, with wan.360.cn,
At the same time, as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, the demand for online entertainment has been scaled up, the number of users has continued to grow, companies have been actively adjusting their business strategies, moving forward with the integrated "joint transport plus distribution" transformation, and actively expanding leisure games and overseas markets.
Corporate value-added Internet services generated $551 million, an increase of 14.23 per cent over the same period. iot smart hardware business, growing in maturity, has achieved full multi-area coverage. As of the first half of 2020, corporate smart hardware products included car safety, firewall routers, children ' s products, etc.
A number of more sophisticated types of smart hardware, such as family security, smart life. During the sale of self-research and life year '618', car recorders, visual bells were given full-source sales and sales.
At present, with the advent of the 5g era, the Internet-related industries are becoming more hot than ever, and the consumer-class smart hardware market, represented by smart households, has entered a fast-growing phase. In the first half of 2020, the public-sector smart hardware business generated revenues of 903 million yuan, an increase of 46.20 per cent.
1.3 An increase of $9.5 billion is proposed for the construction and commercialization of a secure data centre for products and services  2020 target increase: in May 2018 360 published a non-public share plan, which states that the company intends to release no more than 1,353 million shares in public and raise stocks through non-public distribution
The total amount of funds does not exceed $10,793 million and is used for the construction of nine projects in the areas of safe research and development and infrastructure, commercial products, and services. Of this, 360 smartiot is an iterative upgrade of the company’s existing smart hardware equipment; and the new smart city project is based on big data, artificial intelligence and security.
A new model of technology, such as analysis, has been expanded. And the 360-generation new generation of centres for artificial intelligence innovation research and development projects, which do not duplicate other projects, meet the common needs of the "big security plus content" strategy by developing video brain and big data cloud brain.
As a result of a new regulation issued by the SEC on 24 February, 360 additional copies were revised twice and approved by the SEC in April. In June 2020, 360 investments were made in the capital city of Tianjin, in accordance with the provisions of the China Certification Commission ' s " Answers to some questions about refinancing operations " .
The amount of $1.28 billion is deducted from the total amount of funds raised in this fund-raising exercise and is being revised simultaneously and the third revised version is published.
(ii) China's cybersecurity industry is over $170 billion, new security concepts lead the way to opportunities, 2.1 network security coverage continues to expand, industry growth continues to be high Information technology (IT) developments promote the expansion of cybersecurity industry coverage.
With integrated development, existing cybersecurity products and services have expanded from traditional domains to different applications such as clouds, big data, networks, and industrial controls. For the first time, the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology in its White Paper on the Cybersecurity Industry (2020) included new secure technology products such as block chain applications, code products and equipment.
The network security industry also includes services such as cloud services, telecommunications operators, car-connected businesses, etc. Cyber-security products and services already cover a number of dimensions: basic security, basic technology, security systems, security services, etc.
The country’s network safety chain has been gradually improved, with companies providing products and services up and down. However, the country’s technological base is weak in terms of upstream chips, operating systems, databases, intermediates, etc.
Partly and in the middle of the country's technological capacity is better. Because information security inputs do not produce direct economic benefits for companies and are largely defensive, they are mainly in the lower industrial chain, and in the higher-intelligence and information-sensitive sectors of government and telecommunications, finance, energy, etc.
Figure 5: Cybersecurity Industrial Chains Global Cyber Security Industry Affected by the Epidemic is slowing down, and China’s market continues to grow at a high rate. China’s ICAC data show that the global Cybersecurity Industry reached $12,401 billion in 2019.
This is an increase of 9.11% over the same period. The impact of the epidemic ... is projected to be $12,78.27 billion per year in 2020, but it continues to grow at a high rate, with China ' s cybersecurity industry projected to be 17.2 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 8.85% over the same period.
Since 2020, the Government has been issuing policy guidelines in the area of informationization, such as the data security law of the People’s Republic of China. In the various areas of cybersecurity, the Government has also introduced policy guidelines.
We believe that, as the epidemic is contained, the economy recovers, threats from domestic and foreign networks are on the rise, cyber confrontations are on the rise and policy ends are on the rise, the future scale of the cybersecurity industry is expected to increase by 2.2 competitive patterns: the concentration of the industry is small, and new security concepts lead to greater opportunities.
Market concentration is low, newcomers are more likely. The cities of the country's cyber-security industries, cr4 and cr8, are still generally low, although they rose somewhat in 2019 compared to 2018. At the same time, leading firms have low market rates, and new information such as Chianshin and An-heung.
But in 2019, Chianshin quickly compared with traditional web-based producers, such as Xingxing Stars, convinced of clothing, and so on. We therefore believe that the country’s cybersecurity industry is still in the making and the long term, and that, despite the accumulated advantages of traditional manufacturers, the industry is growing rapidly and market concentration is low.
Three hundred and sixty, as leaders of influence, have great potential for development. Thirty-six, at the top of the Toc end, accumulated a wealth of technology and a pool of users. After breaking up with Chian-shin, three hundred and sixty built on their own technology.
The advantages of horizontal, expert, brand competitiveness and so forth are quickly captured at the b and g ends. Overall, while starting late at the Tob end, the integration of resources into a safe brain is expected to lead to a later rise in the political and business security business, based on stronger technological advantages and brand influence.
Safety bulls drew a strategic matrix of 100-strong Chinese cyber security companies, and 3600 cyber security operations, although small in size and influential, are among the influential leaders. 2.3 “New Capital” + “Investment” offers new opportunities for the development of the cybersecurity industry.
In recent years, the Party Central and the State Council have attached great importance to the construction of new types of infrastructure, constantly accelerating and improving the layout of the 5g infrastructure, super-high pressure, inter-city high-speed railways and urban orbital traffic, new-energy car chargers, large numbers of data centres, artificial intelligence, and industrial Internet.
New infrastructure offers new requirements and new opportunities for cybersecurity.
To accelerate the development of new infrastructure such as the 5g network, data centres, and the industrial Internet. The new infrastructure is showing strong momentum for national economic development strategies, focusing on the transformation of new and old energy, and helping the safety industry move to new heights, as well as creating new requirements for cybersecurity.
Key areas can be divided into three main areas, including information infrastructure development, integration infrastructure, and innovation infrastructure development. In terms of new infrastructure, 5g networks, physical networking, industrial Internet, satellite Internet as an infrastructure for communication networks, provide other infrastructure.
As a foundation for new infrastructure, only the security of the network can be made more efficient and secure for the development of new infrastructure at other levels, and cybersecurity is an essential prerequisite for the development of new infrastructure.
▪ The network structure under the new capital wind is more complex, the border is more blurred, the traditional and new forms of cybersecurity are more and more dangerous, and the cybersecurity industry needs to consider the establishment of a new cybersecurity framework to meet the digitalization of the “new infrastructure” and the information security of the age of intelligence
The new-generation safety capability framework of 360, which combines and connects a number of cities, industries, groups, and the brain with cloud and big data technologies, builds a distributed country-level safe brain, develops a coordinated, deep defense, and provides a core security support for the new infrastructure.
The National Information Development Strategy outlines a fundamental change in the human condition of core key technologies by 2025, creating a secure and manageable information technology.
Industrial systems: According to the 13th Five-Year National Informatization Plan, by 2020, the “digital China” construction had achieved significant results, with a significant leap in the level of information development and an information-generation capability among the leading international players, and an internationally competitive, safe and controlled information industry ecological system.
In 2020, a large number of innovative industrial bases were built; in areas such as party politics and the military, a number of key State-owned enterprises were nurtured: state-owned procurement was more popular with domestic manufacturers. The credit-for-business sector was the basis for data security, network security, and new development opportunities for the safe industry.
Thirty-six are major players in IT security. The area of IT security is divided into border security and terminal security, thirty-six are major end security producers, and 360 end security protection systems (info) have been introduced.
Chian-shin and others. The other three-hundred-hundred letters are in the original part of this report. Three, the technology is strong, the security concept is innovative, and the security brain is opening a new chapter in politics. 3.1 The scientific team is strong: the East’s strongest White Hat Corps.
▪ Fourteen security research teams under the umbrella of 360 security innovation centres, known as the “Fightest White Hat Corps in the Eastern Hemisphere”, support the entire 360 group of technical moats. 360 security innovation centres are based on 360 elite security talent, based on 360 high-level security technologies, with 14 security research teams under their command.
The orientation covers all technical directions, from pc to mobility, from enterprise to individual, from systems to applications.360 Safe products and security services cover all three areas of national cybersecurity, enterprise cybersecurity and individual cybersecurity.
Figure 15: 360 Research Teams — In 2015, 360 security teams, including Vulcanteam, submitted hundreds of bug reports and received public acknowledgements to the world ' s giants of Google, Microsoft, Apple and Adobe.
The number of holes is ranked second in the world after GoogleProjectzero, and is known as the "The East's Most Powerful White Hat Corps." In the international game, pwn2own22015 hackers, one strike broke the ie browser, ending the rule of the Euro-Americans on the project.
The 2015 (Taiwan) Security Conference, the Poc2015 (Seoul) Security Conference published the results of research in the relevant areas. Three members of 360vulcanteam, Yukichen, lilong and Haolinan, were selected for Microsoft msrc Global Top 100 contribution.
In 2016, in the Global Hacking World Cup pwn2own 2016 competition, 360 teams used a combination of four oday holes to break the chrome security myth in 11 seconds. Meanwhile, 360vulcan teams broke Microsoft's latest launcher, adobeflashplayer, and also got the same.
In 2017, the 360th security team was ranked first in 63 of the world’s pwn2own2017, winning China’s first hacker championship. In 2018, Microsoft released 2018mscrtop 100 hackers.
Human honour is on the top of the list, with 7 members of the 360vulcan team, 2 members of the 360 ice-edged laboratory, 360 high-level threats against 4 people, 12 of whom are top 50 on the list, top in number and top in overall ranking, and the 360vulcan team, Yukichen, ranked third in the world for two years in a row.
In 2019, two of the most valuable security elites in the world in msrc, 360vulcanteam members, seven of whom were in the top 50, were ranked first in the world, regardless of the number of candidates and their overall ranking.
In 2019, 360 vulcanteam won the highest prize of $38.25 million, and the second-degree winner of the Cup of Heaven, the heavy weight of the 2019 award of the Cup of Best Valued Products.
▪ From 2019 to the present, 360 companies have been thanking the world for 247 leaks, breaking the three-digit security company, submitting more than a few times the sum of the total number of other security manufacturers, and winning the Microsoft Best Guardian User Award.
Figure 16: List of msrctop 75s 2017-2019, 32 services to 500 million end-c users, sedimentation of a powerful safety core technology, 36 billion sample data, 22 trillion security logs, 8 billion malignant data, etc.
Intra-domain name information, security big data above 2eb, which is the first in-country amount of data; over a million cpus can be called immediately to calculate, detect and connect multidimensional data sufficient to analyse, dig and quickly discover high-level threats in complex data.
Figure 17: Thirty-six large security data capabilities — multiple types of intelligence integration for advanced threat intelligence.
Index, and a full-scale stereoretroactivity of security attacks by synthesizing samples from visualization models. Apt panoramic radar.
More than 40 foreign apt organizations, with the ability to “see” cyberattacks, threats, secure the country's first cyber-security line and fully secure cyberspace.
Figure 19: Panorama radar 36-06, which integrates global access to the latest global information through a third-party open source platform, through intelligence exchange and intelligence procurement.
The multi-manufacturer ' s ioc, which is valued through platform operations, compares, analyses, links, aggregates intelligence and receives higher-value intelligence information.
• Advanced intelligence can be produced through the security activities of more than 360 core teams, and through the security activities of more than 360 internal teams
Operation, integrating mobile end, object network end, web end, high-value different intelligence, involving a variety of security logs such as advanced threat events, server end, pc end, etc.
Global cyberattacks, domestic black ash production, high-quality ioc intelligence.
With regard to detection and research, to date, 360 security teams have accumulated more than 2,000 holes in the mainstream factory cves, the "Tead Clouds" gap has won the highest prize of Google history $201,337 and the "Travel escape" series the highest prize of Apple history $200,000, and the "Virtual flight" gap.
The hole was awarded the highest award ever, $200,000, and it became a world-class and a world-class leader.
360 safety brain discovers and helps Google repair the "Deep Cloud Arrow" "Virtual Flight" gap, which is officially acknowledged by Microsoft!
360 safe brain two degrees, with a ladder cloud hole, 360 safe brain discovers and helps the apple repair far away, gets the highest prize in Google history and receives official thanks!
360 Safe Brains found and helped repair apples 360 Safe Brains found and helped fix the safety of the eos
"Bluewave" leak, apple thanks!
The safety brain is a distributed smart security system under 360 ms. The safety data is continuously collected through hundreds of millions of sensors, using new technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, iot intelligence perception, block chains, etc.
Integrating a number of cloud-based safety capabilities to respond to and manage cyberthreats on a scale, intelligence, and systematised basis. With a secure brain at its core, the network security infrastructure is built with top-level security teams, advanced operational warfare laws and safety standards, moving from one war to another, raising the overall response.
The security capability for high-level threat attacks will be achieved by helping the state, government, and business to build a new generation of security capabilities.360 The unique security capability that has been created over the past 15 years to serve society, service enterprises and service nations will be achieved through the development of a new security capability.
It includes cloud safety brain, cloud infrastructure, and cloud-side public services. It is transformed into a safety capability system for cities, industries, and businesses, with a safe brain at its core.
A platform that connects safety devices, brings together safety data and smart computing analysis, connects to a variety of traditional safety products and components, achieves big data intelligence analysis, and thus has a full-sighted analytical capability that is not available in traditional safety products, and sees high-level threats and can be significant.
To upgrade the capacity for day-to-day safe operation management, which is equivalent to an early warning machine and command centre in cyberspace, with a secure brain at its core, with 10 major safety operating platforms and capability carriers, creating a secure infrastructure. Security infrastructure is different from traditional debris-based security equipment, but is in the process of creating a safe environment.
Operational management platforms on a variety of protection, detection, response equipment can be built for clients to cover security development, network map mapping, leak management, intelligence early warning, safe operation, emergency response, business recovery, operational exercises, people
It is in order to develop a fully functional security capability platform that meets the multi-proximate protection needs for complex security threats in a digital environment in the future, which can provide constant security, combat high-level threat management, peace-building and client development over the long term.
In addition to a safe brain and a safe infrastructure, the new generation of safety capability systems includes a package of transport methods, a team of safety specialists, a set of field attack drills, a set of safety cross-references, and a set of cloud-side safety public services, with a whole brain at its core.
In terms of self-defense capability, 360 is the country’s lead in coordinated attack research, which is a leak into the darpacgc population.
The only Chinese team in the hole-divideing competition: In 19 years and up to the present, 360 detections of 60 cves identified gaps in the depth learning framework and sensors of the Tesla autopilot system; and in industrial Internet security technology, the launch of the national headlines in February 2017.
An industrial Internet security situational awareness system; in the area of vehicle network security technology, leading the network security work of the national smart car platform, with more than 70 per cent of domestic automobile manufacturers using 360 safety techniques and services and over 300,000 vehicles connected to 360 car safety brain; mobile communications and networking
At the technical level, for nearly two years, 60 cve-recognized deep learning framework gaps were detected, including the high-risk gap in the Enchilpool chip, the first 4g high-risk gap in the world, and were integrated into the gsma safe house; at the same time, 360 established the country's first block chain security situational awareness system to achieve digital currency.
Monitoring and warning of multiple attacks and detection of a $10 billion gap in the eos (block chain platform) has affected the development of new infrastructure areas, working together with strategic partners. In the area of political and business security, there is strategic collaboration with different partners: in the area of cybersecurity, there is a depth of 3600 with China.
In the area of car safety, 3600 are not only working with Chinese companies like one steam, Mercedes, but also with the Purple Group, Nanjing University of Technology and others to explore innovatively the safety brain of cars, safety of car connections, etc.
In the field of smart industry, 360 worked with the Hale Group to use industrial Internet safety products and services in the modern Heir plant. In the area of electricity, it provided safety services such as Chinese inspection, Chinese electricity construction, and the development of custom-made products in the southern grid. In the area of smart cities, it flew with science and technology.
In the area of smart urban systems, urban brains, urban applications in industrial networking, information security, etc., in cooperation with the multi-city people’s government, and in cooperation with China’s Information and Communications Institute, China’s China Centralization, etc., we are studying ways to innovate in information and communication technologies. In the area of finance, the gold city bank has been acquired as the first shareholder, together with confidence-building finance.
Together with many public security agencies to fight fraud and to prevent fraud in telecommunications networks, 3600 have been working with Northeast University, the crane wall mechanics, etc.
There is an urgent need to develop a training base for skills in short supply, and to improve the web-based talent development system. 3.4 Political and business security configurations: with a secure brain at the core of the support structure, a number of government and corporate orders are concentrated in developing business safety based on the "360 secure brain" and improving urban nodes, products and services.
In 2019, the company launched a political and business security strategy covering, inter alia, urban safety, technical services, hosting services, cloud/crowd services.
Launching of safety applications in the surrounding areas and promotion of a network safety service and operating model at the urban level in the landing areas; provision of innovative products and services for clients, including security infrastructure construction, terminal security, content subscription services, specialist services, based on a new concept of unity of perception and corporate defence, will amount to 3600
In addition, the company's security capabilities are commercialized. In addition, at the b- and g-ends, it penetrates deep into local governments, large enterprises, priority areas and emerging industries, and continues to be located in the industry's safety brain, working with 360 cloud safety capabilities to address industry safety issues. In 2019, the government-related revenues were $473 million.
Chart 24:360 safe brain provides a core support structure for b-, g-, g-, orbital transport industry safety solutions for the orbital transport industry.
The new security concept has been endorsed by b- and g-end clients, and the government has won a great deal of success.
The 360 Safe Brain Marker project has been successfully launched in cities such as Chongqing, Tianjin, Qingdao, Shanghai, Chung, Pearl, crane walls, Su, serving urban safety infrastructure, building and operating, and setting up a landmark national safety service model. At the same time, companies are safe.
On 1 December 2020, the Tianjin City Emergency Management Agency officially approved (phase I) the first informationization project in the first emergency area of the country ' s 3600 sites, mainly related to physical space safety in cities, including disaster prevention and reduction in urban buildings.
Innovative awards for government informatization programs. Credential technology, product matrix, and corporate security. 360 is the focus of the network security component.
360 Security Browser v10 (Inventory Browser) meets the needs of the IT Platform Browser. 360 Security Browser v10 mounted the kernel version of chromium78, fully supporting the mainstream cpu,
Operating systems, streammark office plugins, 1080 p and 4k high-resolution video streaming, both-way communication encryption, video card hardware acceleration (amd series), user privacy data protection, etc., are highly effective in meeting the office needs of the IT platform and in building the platform web application of a unified support platform.
To create a web-based system of eco-standards based on browsers. The security brain, supported by new technologies such as big data, cloud computing, and artificial intelligence, has been introduced to government, military, military, industrial, etc., with security at its core.
Specialized national production host protection products, with a focus on security strategy control and supported by automated transport management, can effectively contain the transmission and spread of internal and external threats and secure internal network terminals for national production operating systems such as viral machat killings, terminal controls, security audits, etc.
The safety of the aircraft enhances the security of core operations and resources in all its aspects. It is compatible with the mainstream national production operating system and involves different functions for different national production operating systems.
Chart 28: 360 terminal compatible home-grown chips 360 security guard linux national production special edition perfects the active defense. The product brings together the regular antivirus engines, 360 cloud engines, qvmi inspiration engines, system repair engines, etc.
Since 2012, 360 security guards have had the first share of the domestic pc market, with third-party data from Ere showing a market penetration rate of 82%.
▪ 360 Compression (ILM) is a specialized compression software that serves the national production of Linux operating systems. It is fast, multi-formatable and easy to use.
uos operating systems support national cpus like dragon cores, magnified cores, thugs, fly-tengs, etc.. Support multiple decoding, multiform audio, and use enhanced image engines.
For example, 360 provides security for the national production operating system uos, with deep participation in the construction and maintenance of the uos eco-safety system from the dimensions of system loopholes, system building, application security, and basic application development.
Chart 29: 360 Intelligent Eco-partners (in no order of rank), in sum, we believe that corporate entry security is based mainly on the following factors: 1) macro-national factors: the complex international situation, China ' s growing exposure to Western countries such as the United States.
The greater the pressure, the increased need for cybersecurity, autonomous security, and even the possibility of future cyberwarfare, has risen to a consensus at the national security level. China urgently needs to upgrade its traditional cybersecurity concept and framework in order to address the complex and complex risks to cybersecurity from outside.
2) Mid-Industrial factors: With the start of the 14th Five-Year Plan, new technologies such as 5g, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, object networking, block chains, industrial control, etc. will be rapidly developing, and new technologies will become more common in new infrastructure areas such as b end, g end, etc.
The whole question will come to light. Traditional cybersecurity techniques and capabilities will be difficult to meet the requirements of new technology security, and new security concepts such as 3600 will be urgently needed to guide entry. 3) Microbusiness factors: Internet dividends will disappear and packages will be folded as end-of-c flows peak.
The impact of short video giants, including by-line beats, fast-hands, although the company upgrades its marketing model by creating “360 smart businesses.” But it can be expected that short-term growth in traditional Internet advertising will be insufficient.
▪ We believe that, with a deep body of cybersecurity technology, strong brand competitiveness, and a team of highly qualified cyber-security experts in the field of political and business security, the 30-60 strong, with a secure brain at its core, with 10 major safety operating platforms and capability vehicles, will bring together the various regulatory sectors, cities, industries, businesses and businesses.
The entire brain is connected. The search and exchange of data, intelligence, to achieve deep cross-regional connectivity, defense and coordinated defense, thus creating a new top-down security concept and framework, is expected to destabilize traditional areas of cybersecurity, such as the bg end.
(d) Internet advertising and services: Internet advertising is the company's traditional business and contributes its main income today.
The annual impact of the epidemic has led to a decline in Internet advertising revenues, which is expected to resume gradually in 21 and 22 years as the epidemic slows down and the economic situation improves. The business is expected to receive a similar acceleration in 20-22 years.
Internet value-added business: In response to the decline in play business, this year the company actively adjusted its business strategy and continued to move into the integrated transformation of the game business “joint transport + distribution”, actively expanding leisure games and overseas markets, seeking to refine content and operation and to improve resource utilization. The business is expected to be collected from 20 to 22 years.
Other security operations: Other security operations are mainly in the area of political security, which, with the acceleration of credit creation, the growth of demand for political security, the launch of the company ' s political security strategy and the active deployment of security at the end of b and g. In the area of Internet advertising and services, it is expected that 20-22 years, with the peak of Internet traffic in recent years, the Internet will become more competitive.
The price of advertising is on the rise, and the Māori rate of corporate Internet advertising is on the decline. Smart hardware business needs to increase, and market competition is on the rise, and the Māori rate is expected to remain stable. Internet value-added services, which are high Māori business, are expected to keep the Māori rate on the rise.
Māori is stable in the case of corporate security. Other business of the company is not the main business, Māori is expected to be more mature, smart hardware, Internet value-added business, etc., but the cost is expected to be more or less stable, considering that the company will introduce a number of new products that will require sustained staff input.
We use the MPR method to value 360: we expect a net profit of about 3.212 billion yuan in 2002, taking into account the risk of competition in the market with the same type of listing. We believe that companies face two kinds of competition risks: 1) Internet dividends gradually.
Disappeared, end-c entered the stock competition phase, with the impact of short video giants like bytes, fast-hands, and companies were hit with traditional Internet advertising, games, etc.: smart hardware business, with the acceleration of 5g and the rapid growth of the physical networking industry, with milly, beautiful, Chinese and other manufacturers not in the field of smart hardware.
This has accelerated, and markets have become more competitive; (2) companies have entered politics and have faced competition from traditional network-wide producers, as well as from industries as national cybersecurity strategies have been established and demand for government security has increased.
The strategy is not as advanced as expected. Companies start at the end, with strategic layouts at the end of b and g, facing new household demand and market competition patterns, with risks of less strategic progress than expected. Stock release risks.
Four shareholders, such as the company, Zhou Hongjing, Tianjin Public Trusted Investment Partnership (USP) and the Golden Brick Road (Silvan) Equity Investment Partnership (Silver Partnership), will welcome the release of stocks, totalling 43.7 million shares. A large-scale lifting could have an impact on the company’s share price.
6.1 Free software, technology high-tech achievement, technology security champions 3600, Ki-ho-ho, 360 was created in 2005 as a pioneer of free Internet security, China.
In 2006, the first-in-a-kind 360 security guards were launched, and in 2007 they became the largest user security software in the country. In 2008, 360 completed the shift from products to security platforms, while 360 poisons and 360 safety browsers were launched.
In 2009, 360 mobile security guards were introduced, marking companies moving into the area of mobile security. In 2010, 360 drug-killing, 360 mobile security guards and Shinale had a market share of more than half of all users.
In January 2012, the 360 safe deposit box software was merged with the leading game media portal business longlines to create an open platform for games; in April, strategic collaboration was reached with the US-American City of Online Businesses to build a national top professional electricity retail network; and in August 2012, the company was able to create a new market for electronics.
In 2014, $400 million was invested in a joint venture with the cool band to enter the smartphone field. In 2015, the Internet smart router market was launched and 360 enterprise security groups were established.
In 2019, 22.59% of Chiam Xin was transferred for $3.7 billion, and the Msrc security elite was cited. In August 2020, the 360 Enterprise Security Group was officially upgraded to the 360 Political and Enterprise Security Group, in the area of military and business.
Figure 33: Thirty-six-zero development journeys: Equity concentration, and Founder Zhou Hung-hoon is the first shareholder in the stock. Tianjin Chi Shinzheng Tsi Ltd. holds 48.74% of the 360 shares. The company was established for 360 privatization. The main shareholders include Cho.
The group ' s founders, Hung Xiao, Tianjin ' s new equity investment partnership (limited partnership), the Beijing Redwood Far Equity Investment Centre (limited partnership) and others, together held 23.41 per cent of the shares.
6.2 Income fell due to the shock of the epidemic and cost control stabilized
The impact is due to the increasing competition for pc-end advertising and the restructuring of the company’s business strategy. In the first three quarters of 2020, the international economic situation was critical, and SMEs were hit, leading to a sharp drop in income from online advertising and services, which resulted in a total corporate revenue of $7,974 million.
A 16.26 per cent decline ▪ reasonable and sustained high R & D investment controls. 360 sales, R & D, and financial costs remain relatively stable, with a marked increase in R & D rates during 2018 - 2020q3.
In 2017, according to the company ' s announcement of 360 Technology Limited, operating cash flows, although declining, were still more abundant. In 2018, net operating cash flows were 3,748 million yuan, a decrease of 9.53 per cent from the previous year, and in 2019, net operating cash flows were 2,760 million yuan.
This was a 26.36 per cent decrease in the same year, mainly due to the increase in cash payments to employees and in taxes and charges; the net operating cash flow of companies in the first three quarters of 2020 was $1,116 million, or 39.84 per cent lower than in the previous quarter.
Advertisement and business collections continued to increase, rising to 81.23 per cent in 2018, and increased competition in 2019 due to the focus of Internet advertising on mobile ends.pc end advertising markets. This business accounted for 75.78 per cent, a decline. Second, Internet value-added services, followed by page markets in recent years.
The overall decline in the field and the relative weakness of the company's hand-held competitiveness has led to a decline in business income. Smart hard business starts late, complex growth rates are high, companies start to deploy their smart hardware business at full capacity in 2015, based on 360 technological, user and brand advantages, with 1,676 million in 2019.
A composite growth rate of 65.20 per cent. Figure 40: Changes in income per business — Internet advertising and services (billions) — Smart hardware (billions)
▪ Internet advertising and services share (%)  smart hardware share (%)  Internet value-added services (billions)  other major businesses (billions)
▪ Internet value-added services as a percentage (%) of other major businesses (%) Internet advertising and services as a proportion of Internet advertising and services, three hundred and sixty Internet advertising and services, using the typical “free plus advertising and services” model.
Providing high-quality, free security services, pooling huge amounts of flow resources and attracting a variety of businesses
The former “Internet services” operations were split into “Internet advertising and services” and “Internet value-added services” and involved adjustments to the corresponding operators to have an impact on the pace of performance. In 2017, companies effectively integrated their operations by continuously optimizing their business structures.
and assets, and the development of Internet-based advertising, along with the enhancement of the use of the ai technology and the adjustment of pricing and resource strategies, which led to a significant increase in revenue collection and Maori; and the flat growth of the domestic advertising market overall in 2018 and a slowdown in corporate Internet advertising and service activity, roughly equal to the increase.
In 2019, the Internet advertising market’s budget investment became more cautious and concentrated on head platforms, with a breakdown of information flows, videos, electricity commercials, etc. Market advantages expanded, and Internet advertising focused on moving ends, which affected companies.
The pc-end advertising market, which has a significant advantage, is increasingly competitive, with business earnings falling by 8.76 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with negative growth for the first time. In the first half of 2020, the epidemic affected Internet advertising and services revenues of $3.299 billion, a decline of 29.76 per cent.
The platform's transformation has been upgraded to “360 Smart Business.” In 2020, as products, business upgrading and service audience expansion continued, corporate commercial brands have been upgraded from marketing promotion platforms to a full-scale smart business service platform, “360 Smart Business”.
In March 2020, 360 Smart Business Officer Network (e.360.cn) was upgraded to online pc, app,
Wap is a three-end business service, with three full business sections. In the future, the company will rely on the Internet to cover the full-scale use of the home, provide a life-cycle service to the enterprise, meet the multi-dimensional growth needs, and create a symbiotic and win-win business ecology.
6.4 Internet value-added operations: declining revenues, expanding the overseas game market, and a recovery in Internet value-added business revenues, as can be seen: annual declines in Internet value-added businesses since 2015 and stable Māori rates, Internet value-added operations as at 31 December 2019
The revenue was $958 million, a decline of 18.68 per cent over the same period. This is due to the fact that in recent years there has been a sharp slowdown in the growth rate of the industry as a whole, which is influenced by the macro-level situation in the industry, a decrease in the stock and on-line volume of the public sector ' s play products, the number of active users and the value of the arpu.
In the course of the year, the company actively adapted its business strategy to continue the integrated transformation of the game “joint transport + distribution” by actively expanding its leisure games and overseas markets in an effort to refine and fine-tune its content and improve its resource utilization. In 2019, Internet value-added operations declined and the Maori rate recovered.
In the first half of 2020, with the transformation and restructuring of the company, the epidemic added value to the game industry by three hundred and sixty Internet services, mainly Internet games. The company took on the role of a network game platform in the Internet game industry chain, creating 360 mobile phone assistants, 360 games halls, etc.
Mobile-end platform as a core mobile game distribution operating platform with wan.360.cn, chart 45:360 part of the game
In the area of hand-to-hand, it is important to incubate high-quality, monogenerational products that will be stored and distributed in the second half of the year 2020; and, in line with the strategy of fine-tuning operations, to increase the investment and dissemination of resources for external, high-quality channels and new media outlets.
With joint distribution models, 360 continues to be a leader in the domestic market, focusing on the pc cloud game and multi-end projects, and continues to produce new pc-page products. With regard to innovation, the Department has strengthened its capacity-building in research and development, expanding in multiple directions and integrating multiple ends in areas such as h5, leisure games, etc.
At the end of the day, the company and its strategic partner Wargaming, the world's top military wing, The Tank World, The Warship World, are fully engaged in synchronizing the content of the global game, joining the national network, and have now officially launched a global public survey.
6.5 Smart Hardware: Multidisciplinary Product Matrix, with the highest rate of city ownership, Income from Security Hardware Business has recovered at a rate of recovery, declining over the last two years. In 2017, the Māori rate was 1,099 million, an increase of 36.67 per cent, and Māori rate of 20.74 per cent. In 2018, with a large number of Internet companies and transmissions.
The influx of hardware-oriented firms, the intense competition in the market and the high homogenization of products; the firm ' s smart hard-loading security attributes, the longer innovation and self-research cycles, and the introduction of a single product category compared to other public divisions in the industry, resulted in an intelligent hardware business of $1.015 billion, a 7.66 per cent decline from the same period.
In 2019, after four years of exploration and accumulation, after benefiting from the landing applications of emerging technologies such as 5g and ai, the heat of the industry associated with the networking of goods, the organization of operations has matured, product groups have grown in size, marketing capacity has expanded, value-added services have continued to deepen, and market ownership has remained at the forefront of the industry.
Corporate smart hardware generated revenues of $1,676 million, an increase of 65.20 per cent and Māori 14.98 per cent. In the first half of 2020, the module generated revenues of $903 million, an increase of 46.20 per cent.
Figure 47: Maori and Maori rates in smart hardware business are seven years old, and smart hardware business is maturing. On October 29, 2013, the first item was released to wear the equipment “360 Child Guards” smart bracelets.
As of 2018, the number of online sales of star products, such as car recorders, smart safety routers, and visual bells, was among the highest in the same category.
▪ 360 smart hardware covers a wide range of areas. Building on the advantages of artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, 360 full-scale hardware is used to use its core and powerful security technologies in areas such as “imabcde” as a security focus for a wide range of smart products.
. The company continues to operate on the three main product lines of smart furniture, smart wear, and safe travel, with intelligent safety routers, smart cameras, car recorders, floor sweep robots, smart children's watches, smart door locks, visual bells, and so on.
▪ Sales channels are expanding and users are operating more and more. In marketing channels, in 2020, companies are exploring new marketing methods such as live broadcasts, short videos, and products reach Tokyo live top3 during the extension period; at the same time, companies are actively deployed abroad, and major products are produced for overseas markets.
In the second half of the year, security products will enter the overseas market. On the user side, the company practices the business model of "lot hardware plus value-added services" through 360 Xin Xinjiangs.
(a) Connect the company ' s full-line smart hardware products to enhance user experience.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment