The drive to growth slowed down performance, structural adjustment plus the downfall of the channel and the length of the way to boost the press, and the news was reported in the media in the first half of 2019.
\triangleright macroeconomic downside, weak demand in China's advertising market, a fall in the overall advertising master's budget, and a fall in online branding.
After a counter-exploitation period in 2018, corporate expansion slowed significantly in 2019, and low-value media resources in some of the central cities stopped being invested. Overall, elevator television media are running 785,000 self-equipped and elevator posters are running 1.95 million self-employed, a slight increase compared to late 2018.
Client structure continues to adapt, business services are growing rapidly, consumer goods are becoming dominant, companies are gradually reducing their dependence on new \triangleright economic enterprises, and two-thirds lines of downside and small and medium-sized customer development are one of the opportunities for future development.
The client structure continues to evolve, with consumer goods becoming dominant daily, and business services, recreation and other categories becoming the main growth points, which, in the context of macroeconomic downturns and weak demand in advertising markets, test the ability of the client groups to dig and maintain. 2019h1 from consumer consumer consumers collects 1.75 billion yuan, or 31 per cent of the total.
Youy+3 per cent; Internet-based customers, 22 per cent, or 57 per cent; and business service-based stability, with a downward trend in disruptions, and the ability of client structural transformation plus sink to reverse this dilemma, the company ' s core competencies in business management are being tested and it seems that the dilemma will continue, waiting for the turning point to come.
\triangleright New surge in strategic investment in the capital, continuing pressure on the cost side of the company and downward trend in overall profit margins in the escalator industry
The new wave of defensive financing will increase competition in the escalator industry and may continue to loot the core of the market.
Short-term performance during the down-cycle period, long-term, is still good at scalding the resource scale effect and the macroeconomic recovery belt.
We believe that, against a background of sub-macro warming of the emerging economy, the performance of the mass media continues to be under pressure, and that the rising costs of new competition + expansion continue to put pressure on the cost side. Given the spread of the protected river, the downside risks of macroeconomic decline, the benefits of expansion fall short of expectations, competition increases risks, and rental costs increase risks.
Government subsidies and tax breaks risk; advertising industry policy risk; and cash flow risk deterioration. In addition to covering more than 300 cities in the country, the company ' s life-cycle media network covers nearly 20 major cities in Korea, Singapore and Nessia, India (17 at the end of 2018).
1) Elevator television media: about 785,000 self-employed devices (including some 33,000 media equipment for overseas affiliates) covering more than 160 cities in the country and nearly 20 major cities in Korea and Indonesia, bringing together some 22,000 elevator television media, covering 52 cities and areas in the country;
2) Elevator poster media: about 1.954,000 self-employed media covering more than 230 cities in the country, and about 58,000 outlets for the external purchase of cooperative elevators, covering about 135 cities in the country; 3) 37 cooperative cinema lines for corporate cinema media, with approximately 1,870 cinemas contracted and over 12,500 screens contracted,
From 2019 to the present, China’s advertising market has been subject to weak macroeconomic demand, compounding the restructuring of the company’s own customers, putting pressure on the company’s operating income: at the same time, in order to achieve its medium- and long-term strategic objectives, the company has been large since the second quarter of 2018.
The expansion of elevator-type media resources has led to a similar increase in the rental of media resources, depreciation of equipment, labour costs and operating maintenance costs for companies, resulting in a decline in the company ' s business performance in January-September 2019, as described above.
The client structure continues to evolve, with consumer goods becoming the dominant source of growth, business services, recreation and other types of growth, and, against a background of macroeconomic downturns and weak demand in advertising markets, the ability of the client divisions to dig and maintain their clients is being more tested, with the downswing of channels and small and medium-sized customer development becoming one of the major opportunities for future development.
According to data from our grass-roots research on the first line of cities, the number of frontline writing buildings currently stands at approximately 35-40%, which is about 35-40%.
While there are still Internet companies such as Skycats, Mamanets, 58 cosmopolitans, and Ting Ding, among others, whose daily consumer products are dominated by water, wonderful bluedos, ocean river shares, and Qing Bing Bing Bing Bing, the rate of postings in residential areas remains less optimistic, with some 9-12 items in a package cycle, as explained in the sector structure of the revenue sector: due to the continued development and ecological improvement of the Internet, the Internet has become a more sophisticated tool for food production.
A lot of advertisers in the traditional sector are deeply integrated with the Internet. Given the apparent differences between these advertisers and those in other traditional industries in terms of profit patterns and distribution channels, and in order to be more objective in the current economic structure and reflect the industry nature of the company’s clients, the company has now adjusted the industry classification of operating income and passed on the others.
Comparative figures for the same period of the previous year have been adjusted for high Internet-dependent corporate customers in the industry and for the new industry classification.
201.9 billion yuan in operating costs, an increase of 53 per cent over the same period; 3,311.5 million yuan in operating costs, an increase of 65.43 per cent over the same period; 2,637 million yuan in operating costs for building media, an increase of 93.6 per cent; 640 million dollars in operating costs for cinema media; and a significant expansion of elevator-type media resources by companies since the second quarter of 2018, resulting in the rental of media resources in the first half of 2019.
In the first half of 2019, the cost of operating media increased by 93.62 per cent as compared to the same period last year. Of this, the cost of leasing media increased by 101.5 per cent, the cost of manpower increased by 75.5 per cent, and the cost of depreciating media increased by 252.5 per cent, other operating maintenance costs increased by 30.7 per cent.
Cost of sales: the increase to 18.5 per cent is mainly due to a decline in operating income; Management costs: the company has significantly expanded its elevator-type media resources since the second quarter of 2018, resulting in a significant increase in back-office management costs; Financial costs: 1) Interest expenditure increased by $8.029 million over the same period in 2018, mainly due to the United States dollar-plus on loans from outside the company
Interest interest on interest increased by approximately $4.561 million, while discounting notes and short-term bank borrowing by Korean subsidiaries also had an impact on interest expenditure. 2) Interest income decreased by $43.081 million over the same period in 2018. Interest income is mainly due to interest on bank deposits, which the company used for higher purchase earnings owing to the expiration of part of the large term deposits in the second half of last year
(b) Income tax costs: 1) Pre-tax profits are higher than in 2018 due to a decline in operating income and an increase in operating costs and costs
20.5% in six months. Mainly because of the exemption from corporate income tax for 2017-2018, in accordance with the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State Tax Administration on the Policy on the Income Tax of Enterprises to Further Encourage the Software Industry and the Integrated Circuit Industry (Fiscal No. 27 of 2012);
Figure 12: Cost and rate of increase of the public media, Figure 15: Changes in the cost of the public media
Change in the age of depreciation of fixed assets: The company voted in communications 2019.8.20 to consider and adopt the Company ' s Bill on Changes in Accounting Estimates for the Depreciation of Part of the Fixed Assets.
Figure 16: Depreciation rule for media assets, rule 2, description of the period of depreciation of fixed assets before and after the change
Based on the requirements of the Enterprise Accounting Standards, after a review and evaluation of the actual condition of fixed assets and the duration of depreciation by the relevant sector of the company, it was decided to adjust the depreciation years of some fixed assets, as follows:
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.