Middle 2019: Short-term performance during the next cycle is under pressure, and in the long term it still looks at the diversification of resources, the scale effect and the growth of the macroeconomic recovery.
30 July 2019 Decline risk; expansion benefits below expected risk; increased risk of competition, and risk of significant increase in media rental costs; wind of disruption of government subsidies and tax incentives
In mid-2019, the mass media reported a fast-track assessment of their performance: short-term performance during the down-cycle period, long-term appreciation of the effects of the diversification of resources and the loss of the heat of the emerging Internet economy as a result of the macroeconomic downturn and the macroeconomic recovery, both of which are more difficult to overcome in the short term, and demand for investment in the advertising industry.
Key data: company operating revenues of $5,717 million fell by 19.59% in the first half of 2019; operating profits of $976 million, a fall in fees, were transformed into fast-disrupting structural opportunities. According to our grass-roots research in first-line cities, the number of front-line writing houses currently stands at approximately 35-40%, with consumer goods dominated by extended salt soda, wonderful blues, ocean river shares, and thongs, followed by cats, mother networks, 58 collides, and ding-tao.
Internet companies, such as buying vegetables, are still less optimistic, with around 9-12 brands in a package cycle. Overall, the key to the increase in the number of registered Maoris is an increase in the number of registered voters (36.5% for 2019q1), the current paradox is that the steady characterization of the consistently high number of registered entries is being disrupted, there is a downward trend in client structure transformation and reversal of the dilemma caused by reduced advertising budgets for Internet companies, and companies are operating in management.
Core capacity is being tested, and the dilemma is still going to continue, waiting for the turning point. In the context of the cold and winter of the economy, pressure on front-line brand advertisers has increased, resulting in continued pressure on companies to pay back, a significant increase in receivables and an increase in the risk of bad debts. In the first half of 2019, the general slowdown in client repayments has led to a deterioration in the ageing structure and increased risk.
Investment Recommendations: We believe that the short-term performance of the public media is still under pressure against the background of the sub-macro-cumulation of the Internet economy, with expected performance at the bottom in late 2019, but the bottom of the valuation may arrive ahead of schedule. Given that the protected rivers of the public are still in place, the pressure is now greater than that of the economic downturn, with a Master of Science in January 2019 joining the civil securities.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, it seeks to be objective and objective.