Distributive media (002027), second-quarter harvests, accelerated decline, net profit rates are still low.
The company's main business has been transformed into a media advertising business, and the growth of corporate revenue has accelerated in the second quarter of the world.
In the second quarter of 2019, the company achieved a revenue of $3.1006 billion, a 25 per cent decrease in comparison with the previous quarter, with the heart scene, the elevator being the city's infrastructure, the elevator being the one with a 12 per cent drop in the growth rate, and the company's second quarter with an accelerated decline.
The day-to-day life scene represents four words: mainstream population, two impacts: first, macroeconomic influences lead to weak demand in the domestic advertising market; and second, companies have to go through, HF, low interference, which is today.
The company is known as "Small Customer Restructuring, where advertisers shift from the Internet industry to traditional non-Internet customers, the country's most brand-activated media platform."
In the second quarter of 2019, the company achieved a net return profit of 436 million yuan, corresponding to a net profit rate of 14 per cent, an increase of about 1 percentage point over the first quarter, and a decrease of 38.5 percentage points over the second quarter of last year. In our view, the sharp decline in the net profit rate of the company was mainly due to two factors: first, the company was well-placed last year.
The expansion has led to a significant increase in media resource rent, equipment depreciation, labour costs and operating maintenance costs this year; and, secondly, a lack of visible progress in post-extension optimization and low spot utilization, driven by competition in the industry.
The source of financial growth in the East, the media (002027): the growth rate of the second quarter has accelerated and the net profit rate has remained low.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Distinguished Media (002027): In the second quarter, the growth rate has accelerated and the net profit rate has remained low.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.