The industry has grown dramatically, the performance has increased positively, and the future is marked by the mid-to-end boom, the mid-to-to-end research brief (300308).
JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG JUNG: 1. Data centre rapidly expanded, light industry surged, 100g light module s14805120012
Demand will double. Changes in the demand structure of 2,100g products highlight the technological thresholds and cost-effective advantages of companies. 3, 5g networking will further break the demand ceiling. Moreover, we believe that companies will be able to integrate in the future in terms of silicon light technology layouts and industrial chains downstream.
With the rapid development of digital and cloud operations, the data centre as an infrastructure is entering a period of gold development. According to our intensive research, since 2017, large data centres have been built, both at home and abroad, and are expected to be in 2018.
We expect 100-g light modules for cloud producers to double or even double their demand in 2018. With the changing demand structure, the company’s product advantage is significant. In 100g products, cwdm4 uses waves.
Re-use devices have increased fibre optic recovery rates, and value for money has been highlighted. Currently, Amazon, Google, Facebook have become the main force demandr of cwdm4, other cloud producers such as Microsoft will follow, and we expect that demand for cwdm4 products will increase dramatically in the future.
We believe that because cwdm4 has a higher capacity for sealing and a higher technology threshold, companies can ensure cost and advantage over the next two years at least.
In the light module application of the 5g device, the company actively and cooperatively explores technology options with China and China, and the company's technological accumulation and price advantage will be fully available for the 5g.
Mid-Small (300308); industry surges, high performance increases are determined, future layouts are ready. 1. Data centre booms, industry surges, 100-g light module demand doubles as digital and data flow surges, and cloud operations rapidly develop to serve as an infrastructure data centre.
Since 2017, large data centres have been under fire, both within and outside the country, and based on our recent intensive research, the overseas IT enterprise, represented by Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, ibm, and the domestic Internet company, represented by Ali, Tseng, 100%, we have judged that the development of data centres has gained momentum.
According to our incomplete statistics, in 2017 there will be more than 10 million data centre servers for North American top 4 cloud producers (Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc.) and 5 million data centre servers for domestic bats and three major operators, and we expect to continue to grow at a high rate in 2018.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms Middle Xuantium (300308): industry has increased dramatically, performance is high, future layout is ready, data centre construction and upgrades are hot, hardware will drive servers, storage, switchboards, routers, fire protection.
The demand for products such as walls has increased. As a light module for PV conversion, it has been widely equipped with the hardware equipment described above, while the light module 10g/40g has been upgraded to 100g as an important link.
The volume of light modules is expected to reach 3 million. We expect 100g light modules for cloud manufacturers to double or more than double in 2018. Figure 3: Top4 company light module requirements
In the 100g product solution, there are different transmission distances applicable to 500 m to 80 km, mainly those corresponding to psm4, clr4, cwdm4, lr4, er4, and prices increase with the distance of transmission.
Psm4 is for short-range transmission, er4 is for long-range transmission, and the source of the financial and intellectual growth of the East is the increase in fibre optic recovery due to the use of cwdm4 with wave-recording devices.
In addition, cwdm4 transport distance can be increased to 10 km, which can replace a portion of the 10km product lr4 at a relatively low cost. Currently Amazon, Google, Facebook is becoming the cwdm4 major demandr, Microsoft and other cloud producers will follow up. We anticipate that future cwdm4 products will be available.
Of the main producers of 100-g products, finisar, aoi, etc., the advantage of the cwdm4 product is significant, and the market is expected to account for over 40%. We expect that the 100-g product will continue to grow as compared to Amazon, Google, Facebook, etc., and are expected to break through markets such as Microsoft in the future.
The source of financial growth in the East, the Mid-Surgeon (300308); the industry has increased dramatically, performance is high, and future layouts are likely to be ready, and we believe that the cost of high-speed and long-range technology has been reduced as a result of cwdm4's higher containment requirements.
Low and smaller sizes, high technology thresholds, and strong core strengths of companies to ensure at least the next two years, figure 5: IMPV 100g light module products *100gqsfp28aoc
100gqsfp28to4xsfp28aoc 100gqsfp28lr4(ethernet) 100gqsfp28er4lite
100gcfp4lr4ethernet/out 100gqsfp28psm4pigtail 100gcfp4lite
We do not believe that the impact of silicon light technology on the light module industry, which is a widespread concern in the market, will have a substantial impact, first of all, on applications requiring low transmission rates and distance, although at lower cost.
We believe that the impact of silicon light technology will have on the 400g module market and will not have a substantial impact on the 100g module market. The company is also actively following the silicon light technology research layout to lay the groundwork for the future silicon technology market layout.
By 2020, the construction of the 5g network will further drive the demand for the light module, which we expect to be transmitted back on 5g wireless, and the market size of the Internet light module will be more than $50 billion, with an outbreak of growth starting in 2020.
The company began the development of the 3g light module at its inception in 2008 and launched the 6gtsfp+ product in 2010 for large-scale mobile 3g network construction in China, where 6g/10g is expected to produce more than 20 million goods in the country's wireless market. The company has strong technology and market accumulation in the telecommunications network market, with equipment for the next 5g.
We believe that the 25g/50g/100g light module of the future 5g wireless network will be used on a large scale and that the dividends of demand growth will be fully realized by the technological build-up and price advantage of companies.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation Increased competition in the light module market.
Midlife Cream (300308): The industry has increased dramatically, performance is high, future profile is high, Table 1: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance and Stimulus
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Cheng Yug Liang Awards. The top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry of the 2012 China Securities Industry Awards were presented by Yang Yang.
China Telecom and China's mobile network planning, flow management, product managers, market operations and strategic planning for six years.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Midlife Cream (300308): The industry has grown dramatically, performance has increased in certainty, future layouts are ready, and my company has no assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and proposals contained. We have tried to report on the objectiveness and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.