Top Group: The Tier 0.5 cooperation model continues to move forward, with events: the company issued a 2022 performance report, and the company achieved a revenue of $15.99 billion in 2022, together with Kamin Lu.
Lightly quantified chassis and electronics were released, and 22q4 performance increased. The company achieved $4.89 billion in 22q4, i.e. +34.3 per cent in the same year and 13.4 per cent in the same quarter, with 22q1-490 million and 85.9 per cent in the same quarter.
On the evening of December 12th, a plan was issued to raise funds through a non-public release, not exceeding 4 billion yuan yuan, and to issue shares not exceeding the total equity of the company prior to the issuance.
30 per cent (i.e. up to $330 million) of the funds raised were mainly for light-quantified chassis, interior functionality and the signing of the strategic cooperation framework with U. U., which continued to be advanced by tier 0.5. On 16 March 2023, the Department of Public Affairs issued an announcement to sign the strategic cooperation framework with U. U. U. S.A. in support of the near-localization of the supply chain.
Carbonization, digital transparency and globalization work together in depth to achieve supply support in the immediate vicinity of the fertilizing plant. At this stage, multi-dimensional coverage of products such as the collaborative chassis system, light weight quantification, the thermal management system, the interior and interior accessories system and the Nvh shock mitigation system is being developed.
Through the signing of this agreement, companies establish strategic partnerships with their clients, adopting an innovative supply chain cooperation model of t0.5.
Profit forecasts: The company binds Tesla to fast growth and is expected to continue through the pole effect \triangleright with new energy brands, ideals, questions, etc., and multi-business development, coupled with rapid growth and growth in the future
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. (cindasecuritiesco., ltd times, 25 times and 18 times.
The risk factors are: the risk of a shortage of chips; the risk of an increase in the price of raw materials; the risk of a recurring epidemic; the underproduction of new clients; and the process of the platforming strategy.
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the automobile industry, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, and autonomous branding.
Experience. The main areas covered are whole cars, Tesla industrial chains, electrical intelligence, etc. Cao Zing, Assistant Researcher in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering intelligent cars, car networking, new power in car construction, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.