Tupou Group (601689.sh) Production volumes drive steady growth in harvests, Māori rates increased by the same ring ratio in the first quarter of 2023 19% in the first quarter of 2023, and net return returns increased by 17% in the first quarter of 2023.
4.23 million vehicles, 36 per cent of the same year; 229,000 vehicles, + 26 per cent of the same year, in Tesla, China; Quily s098051908002 service rate increases, mainly due to a decrease in exchange rate gains + the impact of the recognition of interest charges; Tupou net interest rate of 2301
Capacity remains solid and stable; the net cash flow generated by the operations of the 2301 company is $679 million, and the advantages of the platformed supply system are becoming more evident, with the Tier 0.5 model helping to expand the client base. The Topper Group is strategically positioned as a flat company, and its products continue to expand: the current value of the eight major product bicycles is $30,000.
By the end of the year, ibs, eps, airborne, thermal management, smart cabins had a single gas, Gilly, Hua, Kim Conk, Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Concord, and the robotic implementer (the sample has been approved by the client); clients have deepened their cooperation: the tier 0.5 level cooperation model has continued to move forward.
Domestic markets have been working very rapidly with China, Biade, Gillie, Ideal, Baer, Peng, etc., with a constantly rising number of bicycles, and international markets have been working fully with the rivian, lucid, Ford, etc., in the long term, with the continued expansion (price) of corporate products and deeper cooperation (volume) with customers, leading to a sustained upturn in performance.
Overseas and domestic production capacity continues to advance, with a forward-looking approach to building intelligent production lines to protect production delivery. The Tupou Group (601689.sh) increased its net profit by 67% over the same period in 2022, with platforming outside: one plant in Poland and 220 acres in Mexico (lightly quantified chassis + heat management +)
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Business Retrieval and Outlook of Platform Automobile Parts + Robot Executioner) is expected to start installation by the end of 23 and will plan future Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Client Volume Added Product Line Progress, 2022 net, based on order requirements
Construction of 1,000 acres of smart manufacturing estates in accordance with the model of the former Bay New Zone; domestic: Hangzhou Bay IV, V, VI, VII. Top Group (601689.sh) - release of a non-public release plan, with accelerated construction of some 1,400 acres of factories during the consolidation period and Chongqing plant; and accelerated planning for the installation of the county base in Anhui.
Tupou promoted the construction of digital plants, implemented a mes management system, achieved quality control + product traceability + precision. Tupou Group (601689.sh) - increased profitability, effective management of net profit-for-profit production + equipment management in three quarters alone.
Investment proposals: “buy-in” rating maintained at the core of Tesla's industrial chain Keeps a positive view of the growth in performance resulting from the Tuppet Group's product expansion, client breakthroughs and expansion of production capacity, amounting to 4.23 million vehicles, corresponding to 36 per cent; Tesla's wholesale sales of 229,000 vehicles, corresponding to 26 per cent; Gilley's vehicle sales
The impact: Tuphu net interest rate of 10.07 per cent. The same ring ratio - 0.23 pct/+0.02 pct. The profitability of companies remains stable under the effect of export tariff contributions; net cash flows as of the date of operation of 2301 companies are 679 million yuan, compared to 75.47 per cent and company pers 0.41 yuan, compared to 17.14 per cent.
In 2022, the TAP operation received $3.87 billion, or +16 per cent, and the main battalion accounted for 25.2 per cent, the same ratio-5 pct, 24.1 per cent, the same ratio +0.25 pct; the interior jewellery business received $5.46 billion, or +53 per cent, the main battalion 35.6 per cent, the main battalion 29.0 per cent, the same ratio + 5 pc, the gross domestic product rate 21.2 per cent, and the same ratio + 3.55 pct; and the motor electronics battalion collected the motor vehicle business.
One hundred and ninety million dollars, or +5%, are basically equal, with a Māori rate of 25.2%, and a Māori ratio of -1.1 ptt; the Heat Management Operations Camp builds nine major systems around the chassis system and continues to advance the platform strategy. The company constructs a car nvh shock system, interior and interior adornment systems, light weights, smart cabin components, heat management systems, chassis systems, air hangers.
In total, smart driving systems have nine major business plates that can provide customers with one-stop, system-level, modular products and services, with a single-car package of about $30,000, and a product structure that gradually achieves full coverage of the bottom plate and associated key parts. In addition, companies actively configure the robotics industry.
About 3.45 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 dollars for human robots, if 11.6% of the workers are replaced by robots, the global market for human robots can reach 100 trillion degrees. Sport executors are one of the core components of robots, and human robots need more sports executors to do this.
The equipment consists of components such as electric machines, electrical control and speed-reducing institutions, and the sample is approved by the client. Clients open up: the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model, leading to new changes in the division of labour in the industry, domestic collaboration with companies such as Biadi, Gilly, Cyrus, Ulai, Peng, Ideas, and international markets with rivian, lucid, technology companies.
The company has built manufacturing bases in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, etc. to better serve its international customers, with companies operating in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, etc.
Factories or storage centres, overseas: Polish stage 1 is in production, Mexico phase 220 acres (lightly quantified chassis + heat management + interior appliance + robotic executor) is expected to start installing equipment by the end of 23 years, and in the future a 1,000 acre smart manufacturing estate will be planned according to the requirements of the order, in accordance with the model of the former Bay New Zone; the country: Hangzhou Bay 4, 5 and 5
Phases VI, VII and Chongqing accelerated the construction of about 1,400 acres of factories; and the installation of the county base in Anhuisu accelerated the planning and implementation of the build-up of long-term competitiveness, with a gradual increase in input output, which is expected to continue to optimize the company's operating conditions.
Half a million units, according to hand orders, are no longer capable of meeting demand; Tupou launched a non-public fund-raising scheme in December 22, with a total amount of not more than $4 billion to be approved, with a total investment of $7.8 billion for light-weight projects such as chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving.
Financing increases to demonstrate Tupou ' s relatively strong capital strength (US$ 3.3 billion up to 2203 in hand currency). We believe that the financing ' s overall efficiency gains will be increased by 1) filling the capacity gap and increasing the capacity for billing; 2) optimizing the capital structure, reducing financial costs and risks, and enhancing the sustainability of operations; and 3) enhancing profitability (fundamental investment on the current wheel).
The company ' s ibs project, the ps project, the air hangar project, the heat management project, the smart cabin project received a single gas, Gilly, Wah, Kinkang, Ideas, Biadi, Mi, Together, and High Combination clients, respectively, for the long term.
In the domestic market, the company’s collaboration with new energy companies, such as Hua, Kinkang, Biadei, Gilly New Energy, Ideas, Baer, and Peng, has progressed rapidly, increasing the amount of the bicycle support. In the international market, companies and the United States’ innovative car companies, rivian, lucid, technology firms, and Ford,
Traditional car companies such as gm, fca all cooperate fully in the area of new energy vehicles. As product-plating strategies move forward, and new marketing models become more market-acceptance, companies continue to grow rapidly this year, providing security for their future high-speed sustainable development.
Investment recommendations: The core target of Tesla's chain of industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Company performance elasticity from steady high-quality client release and new product continuity, sustained appreciation of the performance growth of the Tuppet Group product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity, and maintenance of profit projections, projected at 23/24/25.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject