One major two-wing take-off, integrating the opportunities, signed by Lee Shao Ming, the urban formation of cities with Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai at their core, and the cities of the surrounding cities in partnership.
\diamond. By the end of 2016, the company had 361 projects under construction, with an area of 63.44 million square metres to be developed, with a rich and high quality reserve and a solid foundation for the company ' s continued development.
The company will scale up its two-wing business development to build a development model of 2 (business, housing)+4 (schools, hospitals, industry, government) \diamond billion, with a net profit of 400 million), bail capital, pension funds and running side by side towards the end of 2020.
It is managed on a scale of 100 billion; it develops micro-credit (493 million yuan at the end of 16 years); it invests in industry (involving strategic investments such as drop-and-drop, high-speed accumulation, and port securities).
By the end of 16 years, more than 100 million people were in the management sector; the old-age industry, which was carried on by peace fairs, healthy living halls, old-age fairs, etc., was locked up in Chengdu, Guangzhou, 15 pilot old-age institutions to foster the older ecclesiasticals.
\diamond will benefit 78 non-property owners by consolidating and withdrawing, gaining greater access to resources, and extending opportunities for mergers and acquisitions.
At the end of the 13th century, sales amounted to more than 500 million dry dollars. The company’s central Gulf city has a reserve of 16 million squares of land, the Bay Area’s second circle of 5.8 million earth reserves, and the deep layout of the Guangdong province’s line cities will continue to benefit from a well-established orbital transport network, which corresponds to 17 years of pe11, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
\diamond Property - Cash Backsales has increased significantly, sales have been made
Basics 2016-08-29. Poly Estates - Second Phase of equity options adopted, Sustained Growth without Concerns 2016-08-14
The company has largely developed a “one-key two-wing” business layout based on real estate finance and community consumption, which will gradually build a diversified pattern of profit growth. Real estate development will remain the company's leading business.
The 16-year real estate account for 95 per cent of total operating income, a decline of 1 percentage point from the same year, but it remains the focus of operations, with the firm ' s deep-deep South China sector generating 55,650 million yuan, or 40.7 per cent, far ahead of other regions, and the main sector in which the company contributes its revenue.
Figure 1 Changes in business income by business, figure 2 Changes in business operating costs, figure 3 Changes in business share by business
In depth, the cities of Guangzhou will be able to add value to the wealth of land reserves in the Grand Bay region. Real estate development has now developed a multi-purpose product structure covering residential, writing buildings, star hotels, shopping malls, trade fairs, etc., building a series of products of comfort, good living, living in exile and respect for four major brands and combining them with owners.
In terms of the regional layout, the company insists on central cities, deepening the strategic layout of urban clusters and urban circles, and now covers 68 cities in the country's bead triangles, long triangles, ring sea, central and south-west major economic circles. At the same time, the company is active in overseas markets, already in Australia, the United States, Australia, and the United States.
By the end of 16 years, the company had covered 68 cities across the country, forming a nuclear network of Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai, and Shanghai.
Caution, the pattern of urban clusters developed in synergy with surrounding cities, as of the end of 2016, the company had 361 ongoing and proposed projects with an area of 63.44 million square metres to be developed to meet the company ' s development needs over the next 2-3 years, with approximately 68 per cent of the area to be developed in the first and second-line cities and a rich and highly qualitative project reserve, laying the groundwork for the company ' s continued development
In addition, the company has been following the strategy of expanding two-line cities and expanding the size of the two-line cities throughout the year.
Over 16 million, or 70% of the total expansion. For many years, the Bay of Australasia delta benefited from the appreciation of its assets.
With 16 million land reserves, and 5.8 million land reserves in the second circle of the Bay Area, the Bay Area will seize the historic opportunity for development in the Australasia Bay region of Hong Kong.
In the context of residential development, business, exhibition, old age, industry, thematic parks, etc., have been fostered, a business model of real estate + services has been developed, community consumer services and real estate finance have been developed, and the industrial chain has been extended, with a target of more than $500 billion in sales at the end of the 13th and 5th century.
2. The financial community will be full of two wings and the financial community will be able to increase its efforts to build 2 (commercial, residential)+4 (schools, hospitals, industry, government)
The consumer services sector focuses on property services, healthy old-age and community business, fully taps owner resources, actively matches consumer demand, diversifys companies in community consumer services through market-based, capitalized approaches, and develops community-based integrated service providers.
The strategy for the development of old-age estate development, old-age services, marketing of old-age goods, and training in nursing care have evolved into a business-profit model. During the 13th century, the share of companies in the old-age market has stabilized in the first three years, becoming a leader in the old-age industry, promoting specialization, market-based development, building core competitiveness, innovative business mechanisms and incentives.
The company has completed the restructuring of the stock system, launched a new three-board listing process, and completed 17 years of market-based outreach of 15 million, exceeding 100 million by the end of 16 years in the real estate sector; and the old-age industry, which is carried on by the Constituency Club, the Healthy Life House, the Old-Age Fair, etc., has locked up 15 pilot institutions for the elderly in Chengdu, Guangzhou, to foster the older ecosphere.
The company’s real estate financial operations are centred on development-type funds, forming a credit guarantee fund (a cumulative management of up to $100 billion at the end of 16 years). The company will improve the financial layout of the company’s real estate, enhance the capacity of professional foundations to raise foreign capital, combine the development of property and the way the fund invests, and achieve leverage on more external resources, and help the company’s owners.
Expansion of the size of the industry and growth in performance: integration of good quality corporate asset utilization, including abs, reits, funds, etc., where permitted by industry regulatory policies, to achieve self-owned property financing functions; continued expansion of the Fund through a multi-platform development model Management, active exploration and development of micro-credit (493 million yuan in late 16 years), investment in industry (participation)
On May 23, 16, the company’s wholly-owned company, the Poly Property Industry, and the Guangdong renminbi/stocks, jointly sponsored the establishment of the Hong Kong Port securities, with a proposed contribution of 350 million yuan.
Shares are set up in accordance with the company’s “one-man-two-wing” development strategy; and it is in the interest of the company to build up and deepen financial cooperation between the two countries on the basis of the Guangdong trade zone, with a long-term shareholding in the port’s securities to generate investment earnings and capital value added.
Figure 6 Establishment of the equity structure of the securities firm 3. Integration for new opportunities
Integration operations with the real estate operations of the China-China Industrial Group, with eight real estate project companies and one construction project under China-China completed at the end of 16 years, with an additional 1.4 million parties to be developed; three projects to be acquired in Tianjin, Chuhai and Sanya, with an additional 1.5 million square metres to be developed, taking advantage of China-China resources
Two platforms, the Production and Medium-Travel Mile, will directly access nearly 5 million land resources. Follow-up will continue to work actively on the integration of other property sections under the umbrella of the China-China Air Industry Group.
The National Investment Commission has identified 78 non-real estate owners as withdrawing from the real estate sector, and with the speed of the country’s transformation, the non-real estate owners will accelerate their integration and will be able to integrate only 16 real estate-based companies. As owners, the companies will integrate and withdraw 78 non-real estate owners, and will benefit only from the Paulie Group.
Real estate consolidation platform, resource acquisition capacity, and opportunities for extended mergers and acquisitions.II. Sustained business improvements, and continued optimization of debt indicators, resulting in a decline in the Māori rate due to differences in the structure of the settlement project, resulted in a non-net profit of $12.26 billion (+0.2 per cent) from the parent deduction.
The net debt ratio fell by 30 to 55% from the same year, reaching its lowest level since 2010. The sales return bond debt index continues to be optimized. The company, as the leader of the interstate real estate industry, has an outstanding advantage in terms of the size and interest rate of bank loans, with an average financing cost of about 4.6% of the new bank loans over 16 years, and is actively pursuing medium-term instruments, companies, etc.
Long-term, low-cost sources of financing, such as bonds. Sixteen years of successful corporate bonds of $10 billion and $3 billion in medium-term instruments, of which 3+2 annual interest rates on corporate bonds are 2.95%, creating a new low in home company bonds financing during the same period.
Building on the existing secondary governance structure, the three-tier management model of the “headquarters-region-platform” has been created, strengthening the relevance and timeliness of management and further enhancing regulatory capacity and development efficiency. At the same time, the corporate travel culture has been integrated with the current business management, creating a distinctive corporate culture, with strong cohesion and efficient enforcement.
In 2017, the company was to find a gold dividend of $3.15 per 10 shares, with a dividends rate of 3.3%. The company focused on shareholder returns, with a cumulative red score in the top two of the industry, the red scale and the red scale.
The company has increased its efforts to develop its two-wing business, building up 2 (commercial, residential)+4 (schools, hospitals, industry, government) development, with a target of more than 500 billion dollars in sales in the end of the 1353th century. The company’s central Gulf City has a reserve of 16 million squares of land, the Bay Area’s 2nd Circle of 5.8 million earth reserves, and the deep layout of the Guangdong provinces.
Figure 12eps and roe. Combined Māori rates and net interest rates, figure 14