Alfa, a great asset, is now on track to recover.
A wide distribution of securities (000776), in-depth report by Wang Xing Dynasty's chief analytical assistant to non-bank finance.
Market-based mechanisms are flexible, management teams are stable, and fresh blood is replenished. The company has no controlling shareholders, and the real controller, is the only non-State voucher dealer in the head. For 22 years, Gilling and Liaoning have been issuing securities (000776).
The three companies in Cheng Dae and Nakayama have always remained among the top three shareholders of the company, with a stable equity structure, balanced and well-balanced governance structures that give the company ' s management full freedom of decision-making, guarantee firm incentives and constraints, maintain long-term market-based operating mechanisms, and sustain healthy development.
The new management team that was promoted internally in July was young and highly professional, and it was important for companies to grow in the future.
Focusing. Corporate equity access funds, equity outreach funds, size and performance industries are leading. At the same time, companies and equity participation public fund-raising are linked to business, growing together and growing with the rapid growth of management rules, and the combined profit contribution of the Open Fund and the Fédération Fund is 8.75 per cent from 2015.
In the top 10 industries, after the new regulations, the company ' s active management capacity continued to rise, with 3q21 being more than 90% of the total, followed only by China ' s second largest industry, with revenues rising with active capacity. In wealth management, 67% of the company ' s operations are concentrated in economically developed areas.
There's a strong leverage for public fund-raising, a top five in the industry, a strong leverage for asset-fixing, a firm's focus on product research, a rigorous selection process, a rich product system, a client's good experience and a professional ability to earn investor trust, which is well reflected in the product.
Investments have branded advantages and performance elasticity. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have been growing over the years with widely issued securities, and SMEs have been recognized for their financial services, and the SME market has been on the move since 2010.
In July 2020, the company was suspended from holding shares for six months, debt for one year, investment performance fell, companies responded positively, and management was adjusted.
In July of this year, the company resumed all of its qualifications, the insurance policy came back, the profits forecast and investment rating: we used the Sotp valuation method to value the company, fees and fees.
The value of the company ' s target for 2022 is $21,6741 million, as of disturbance and shock, based on the results of the Sotp valuation; the pace of progress in the review of the Science and Enterprise Register is lower than expected, leading to the investment + investment.
Unexpected performance in capital operations; less than expected progress in corporate market-based reforms; transformation of wealth management
Building No. 1 of the House of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, recommended logic: Wide issuing securities is the only non-State voucher dealer in the head. Uncontrolled shareholders and owners, secure stock structure, good governance structure, full freedom of decision-making by the company's management, ensuring firm incentives and constraints.
The new management team, promoted internally in July 2021, is young and highly professional, and will be an important engine for the company’s future growth. The company’s great wealth management business is highly superior, and the investment is renewable.
Business linkages, co-development and co-development have benefited in recent years from the entry of the wealth of the population into the market, the expansion of the Open Fund and the Fédération Fund, which have grown rapidly and contributed nearly 20 per cent of the total profit; the active management capacity of bond managers, which is more than 90 per cent of the total, and the steady recovery of revenues after the new regulations; and the advantages of corporate wealth management operations at the end of channels and asset ends, with public fund protection
With a large number of industries ahead and promising to continue to raise their market share, wealth management will gradually achieve its performance. The company has a branding advantage, and in 2014 it hit the industry first with the strategic advantage of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and has maintained its top 10 levels for most years. After the risk event, the company has actively adjusted its organizational structure, with the return of business qualifications and the return of the replacement team and the performance of the campaign.
A flexible market-based mechanism, a dynamic performance growth drive by the new management, 1.1 an unmanageable control mechanism, and a stable equity structure
In 1999, under the regulatory requirements of the silver franchise industry, the company was delinked from the Open Bank, and in 2001 the company changed into a joint stock system and changed its name to the Open Securities Company. In 2010, the company repurchased the Yanby Road Construction Company Ltd., with its shell on the market. In 2011 and 2012, the capital stock was increased by means of a non-public distribution and capital stock transfer.
Listed on the market as the third “a+h” marketer in China.