In mid-2024, the forecast for tank + export continued upwards. 28.43 million wholesale sales were achieved, with the same ring ratio of 4.9 per cent/+3.3 per cent, of which the tank brand was the best, q2 was the best, with the same ring ratio of 66.9 per cent and the same ring ratio of 95.9 per cent/+35.9 per cent.
23.5% with the same ring ratio +12.1/+5.6 pct; overall sales of the rest of the brands, except for tank brands, have declined by the same amount. Internal and external sales dimensions, q2 export sales, 108,000, +14.2/+4.6 pct with the same ring ratio; exports and tank sales have continued to optimize the structure of the company ' s products, which is driven by a higher share of sales.
The size of the whole batch remains the same as the ring, and the performance is strong. The priority vehicle size, tank size, multi-car size are doing better, the tanks are selling over 35,000 units per quarter from 24q2, the Hoverh 6 units per quarter from q2, and the product structure is leading to a rapid increase in average prices.
In the first half of 2024, companies collectively sold 559,669 new vehicles, an increase of 7.79 per cent over the previous year. Of these, 132,374 new energy vehicles were sold, an increase of 41.99 per cent over the previous year; and 64.28 per cent over the same year.
“The Great Wall Cars (601633): In June, tanks continued to rise to the full city rate and the positive cycle of the company’s ability to produce blood, and continued to optimize the product structure.
In the meantime, smartness and globalization are important future developments for companies: companies continue to increase their investment in research and development and introduce a new generation of intellectuals.
Coffeepilotultra, smart space system coffeeos3.
The same increase, the accelerated distribution of globalization, has made a full outlet, full-power, full-grade, full-blown layout. Companies continue to take a lead in the segmenting of markets, locking in smart new energy tracks, and reinforcing cross-country market advantages.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: considering that corporate tank brands and overseas export operations continue upwards, 24h1 net return profits keep growing at a high rate, insisting on product structure rather than single sales/markets
With the upgrading to development goals and the continued strong competitiveness of future products, both within and outside the country, we have raised the three major financial forecasts for the Great Wall ' s automobile, and Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.