Great Wall Car (601633) Expeditions, Speeding Up Overseas Events: Recently, Wall Cars released a performance forecast for the first half of 2024: first half of the year of the company
Overseas sales are the highest in history, with hard cross-country and pickup sales being the first. Corporate cars in the first half of the year accumulated 559,669 vehicles, representing an increase of 7.79 per cent in the same year, of which 123,237 were sold in new energy vehicles, an increase of 41.99 per cent in the same year; and 201,500 in overseas markets, an increase in the same year.
Keeping its market leadership in hardland cross-country, off-country new energy sources and pickups, overseas sales companies implement international market strategies, boost sales growth, and build new factories. Companies implement overseas market diversification strategies, and the Wall has more than 1,000 vehicles overseas.
Big dogs, tanks like 300 and 500 are sold hot in regional markets in Latin America, ASEAN, North Africa, the Middle East, and Australia and New Zealand. In Brazil, the new Hafer energy vehicle was ranked first in stock/flow (billion shares) in June.
First, the commissioning of Brazilian factories is important to address Brazil ' s need for increased tariffs on the import of new energy vehicles and to meet the total market value/flow (billion yuan) of local demand.
In the field of intellectuals, there is a continuous effort to build a strategy for integration of hardware and software. In the field of intelligence, there is a continuous effort to upgrade technology by building an integrated strategy for integrated ecosystems and hardware and software.
It's the leading technology in the intergenerational smart space system. The new-generation driving system, Coffeepilotultra, launched by the Great Wall, has the ability to achieve a full-scale noa (navigation aid driving) without the need for a high-level map, and has completed a practical test of a full-scale phase 1-4 autopilot in Chongqing.
A number of scenes, including complex urban roads, have been adopted, and investment proposals: the Great Wall adheres to long-termism, creates an extraordinary product experience, enables overseas sales to take place at the Pacific Academy.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007,57165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.