Quantified product prices, high-end + export lead company growth — semi-annual performance rating in 2024 The Great Wall Car (stock code: 601633.sh)
Incident: The company published its semi-annual report in 2024, which generated $91,429 million in operating income in the first half of the year.
Roughly over $10,000, the q2 quarter Māori rate was nearly eight years high: 2024 h1, high-end company brand tanks sold 11.6 million vehicles, representing +9.50 pct to 20.73 per cent of total company sales and 20.15 million exports, representing +12.14 pct to 36.00 per cent of total sales, with an average price and profitability.
The growth in the share of high-end brand and export-type sales has led to a rise in the company's single car prices and net profits, with the first six months of Qin JiQin's ability to achieve a 20.53 per cent Māori sales rate in the company's automobile business in the first half of the year, +4.30 pt, ring ratio
Driven by a significant increase in the Māori rate, the net profit from the non-mortality of the company ' s car deductions in the first half of the year amounted to $10.1 million (balance of other business gains and losses, such as false spare parts), compared to +599.55 per cent and the ring ratio +75.90 per cent. q2 seasons, with excellent cost-control capabilities, management rates dropped significantly: 2024h1, company R&D costs
Good control of the use rate has led to a marked decline in the management cost rate. Continue to push overseas market layout and fast-track the domestic product matrix: since August, companies have continued to deepen product layout in offshore and offshore markets, with 300 tanks listed in overseas markets in Malaysia; and the gwm region.
The brand launch will be held in Montevideo, the capital of Uruguay; Hafh 6, O'Hare, the Brazilian authority, and the Car Assessment Media, the Quaatrodas, will be awarded three first prizes, and overseas brands will continue to increase their reach and influence, and the company is now abroad.
The market covers more than 170 countries and territories, with more than 1,300 overseas outlets, supporting companies to increase their overseas sales; on the domestic market, companies continue to complete the product matrix and enhance the competitiveness of multi-brand markets. On 21 August, the Blue Mountain driving edition was officially marketed at a price of $29,98-32.68 million, with the first cooffee mounted.
Pilotultra, built-in-to-endsee integration big model, integrated links to sense decision-making, capable of achieving a full-scale noa function that is not dependent on high-precision maps, with a significant increase in intelligence capacity; on August 25, a new generation of Haffah9 opened a pre-sale price of $20.59-259.9 million to lead Huff.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.