The tank + the overseas increase, the single-car net gain incident: the company issued its 2024-month report, which generated $91,429 million in operating income in the first half of the year, a significant increase in profitability and a $10,000 increase in the single-car net profit.
One-car revenue of $160.8 million and a one-car net gain of $12.8 million, mainly due to a high increase in exports and tanks, and a decrease in R & D rates, with sales/management/R & D/fiscal rates increasing by tanks, respectively, and higher overseas sales at an all-time high.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) +44.89 per cent
The first sales, the first pick-up. Companies can focus on localization, localization, branding, cross-cultural and supply-chain security, promoting the development, production, supply, distribution, and globalization of the sea, creating a product matrix of the full range of products, the full power, and the full range of products. Companies implement diversification in overseas markets.
The strategy is that the Great Wall has more than 1,300 overseas outlets, has three full-car production bases in South-East Asia, Eurasia, Central and South America, and has also established kd and tank 500 models in various locations in regions such as Latin America, ASEAN, North Africa, the Middle East and Australia and New Zealand through cooperation, acquisition and so on.
In Brazil, Hafer's new energy car was ranked first in sales in June, and the introduction of Brazilian factories was important in addressing Brazil's increased tariffs on the import of new energy vehicles and local demand. The smart new energy track was locked in, and software and hardware integration strategies were built.
In terms of intelligence, building on the full-scale capacity of the forest ecology and hardware and software, the new generation of the five-good smart space system, coffeeos3, and the new-generation smartie system, coffeepilotultra, have been introduced to create an integrated strategy for building an integrated ecosystem and hardware and software.
And for the first time, a full-scale noa (navigation-assisted driving) test was conducted on the Blue Mountain driving page, which successfully tested the full-scale phase 1-4 autopilot in Chongqing, and successfully passed multiple scenes, including complex urban roads.
Investment proposal: The Wall adheres to long-termism, creates an extraordinary product experience, enables high-level overseas sales to take place at the Pacific Academy.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.