In September, the company’s kd factory in Indonesia became operational, and the company started operating in September.
The company is accelerating the import of overseas market products, and as the distribution network continues to improve and local market ownership increases, we believe that the company’s overseas sales will continue to grow faster.
In the second half of the year, the company will open its city, Noa, which will be open by the end of the year; in addition, in June, the company launched a new generation of smart cabin systems and signed a development cooperation agreement with China.
We expect the company to speed up production in the ASEAN region: the company's production is accelerating in the ASEAN region. According to company sources, on September 24, the company was successfully operational at the Kd factory in Indonesia, with the first local assembly model.
In addition, in September, the company signed a memorandum of cooperation with the Song An Group of Viet Nam to co-operate in the assembly plant, which is expected to be operational in 2025; in January this year, the company signed the first co-operation project in the ASEAN region with the Malaysian company, pmb, which is expected to be operational this year.
The models are Hafh 6hev and Hafjolioonhev. Working with local distributors to achieve localized production will enable companies to take advantage of partner resources, move closer to the market, accelerate the construction of product distribution channels, and increase the company’s influence on the ground.
The company now has a full-scale car factory in the ASEAN region (Thailand) and a kd factory (India, Malaysia, Viet Nam). Institutional investors in the ASEAN region have been active in introducing policies to support new energy vehicles as a proportion of the share in circulationa
Local manufacturing and consumption, and companies in the future, are expected to continue to increase their investment in ASEAN. The company’s overseas sales grew significantly in August, and the subsidy of the New Deal is expected to boost corporate overall sales: 94,000 vehicles sold in August, yoy-17.2%, owing to the impact of promotional activities during the same period last year.
The company’s export sales in August were the first to break 40,000, yoy + 31.6%, the most important point of growth. The destination for the split exports was the company’s sale of 22,000 cars in Russia in August, and yoy + 66.2%, or 55% of exports; in addition, the company’s exports in Australia and Australia in August.
South Africa and Chile sold 3,489 vehicles, 2,056 vehicles and 1,899 vehicles, respectively, representing an increase of 21.2 per cent, 13.1 per cent and 10.3 per cent, respectively, between January and August, when companies sold 7,45,000 vehicles and yoy+0.4 per cent of the vehicles, including exports, where a new end-of-life subsidy policy was issued centrally in August, raising the subsidy rate to a maximum of $20,000 (old).
The policy amounts to a maximum of $10,000: in September, several local governments introduced an old subsidy policy in exchange for new subsidies. With the stimulus of the policy, we expect the company’s subsequent sales to pick up.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.