Tank brands and overseas operations are strong and dynamically intelligent for the future.
• High-end branded tanks and offshore operations perform well, driving company performance growth. Company q2 sells 284,000 new vehicles, down slightly from the same year, largely affected by a drop in sales like Hover, but ring growth of 3.3% is driven by significant growth in tank and overseas sales.
67,000 vehicles with the same ring ratio of +96.0/35.9 per cent, 23.5 per cent, the same ring ratio of +12.1 pct/5.7 pct, promoting sales of new energy vehicles as +3.9 pct/4.3 pct to 25.7 per cent; (2) 109,000 vehicles sold overseas with the same ring ratio of +51.1 per cent/17.2 per cent, 38.2 per cent, and the same ring ratio of +14.2 pct/4.5 pct.
With its strong product power in hard-core cross-country markets, the cards are very limited by the end-of-the-day price drops, adding to the country’s apparent profitability in overseas industries, and contributing to a significant increase in corporate q2 performance compared to the ring.
The company continues to drive the intelligent transformation, in which the smart driver, Wei Lanshan, who is carrying the city of Noa, challenges the hard-to-do smart-drive test in Chongqing, with an overall excellent performance. On the side of the smart cabin, the company's coffeeos 3-class system reaches the industry leadership level of Dragon 8295, while at the same time with China.
In Beijing, where the heavy-pound car is on display, it's new, and it's working with hicar to explore more possibilities for intelligent travel. At the same time, the company insists on ecologicalizing, high-engineing user experience - company updates.
Tens of thousands of Brazilian factories are expected to come into production in the course of the year, and the continued use of overseas operations provides a solid foundation for the growth of corporate profitability: the Resonance of High-end New Energy and Outward Operations, and the New Car. In addition, it is expected that the company’s 800 models, such as tanks, will be published on a continuous basis to further expand the company’s growth space.
The new energy vehicle and export business resonance, o3-public