A breakthrough in wealth management, good quality of assets: March 10th, Peace Bank issued the 2021 annual report with $16,383 million in revenue, \triangleright
The rate of increase in revenue has recovered from the bottom and profits have remained high. The 21-year rate of increase in revenue has been 21 q3 ring relative to +1.2 pct, \triangleright, which has benefited from a better credit delivery of 21 q4 and a steady increase in net interest income; net fees and revenues have increased rapidly.
There has been a significant increase in the provision for safe banking, and a slight improvement in 2021. The expansion in size and the provision of anti-breeding profits have been a major factor in maintaining a high level of net profit for mothers. The wealth management strategy has worked well.
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright good credit with cards for the credit represented, rising in proportion to interest-bearing assets; benefiting from wealth management wars
We're looking forward to 2022, and we believe that the net difference benefits from the optimal structure of the assets, the debt, and is expected to continue the positive trend. The negative rate continues to decline, and the provision goes up.
\triangleright is a new low, where the delay rate is affected by changes in the recognized criteria, but reflects a “one-time” feature. The provision coverage is significantly increased, leaving room for reorganization for profit release.
“Home-related” concerns can be less. Previously, under the logic of real estate, valuations were suppressed. This time, complete disclosure of property risk exposures. Risks are more manageable from the point of view of volume, poor rates and multiple policies.
\triangleright, previously influenced by the logic of the property, the valuation was significantly suppressed and the complete disclosure of the property exposure was expected to reduce the city dollar by 0.8 times 22 years pb on 10 March 2022, maintaining the “recommended” rating.
One battalion experienced a bottom-up recovery, with higher profits sustained.
There has been some stability; the rate of increase in net fees has fallen significantly behind in 21q3, with a slight increase in overall revenue growth, and, in terms of net profit contribution factors, expansion in size and the provision of counter-bullying profits have been the main factors in sustaining higher profits, while the drag effect of narrow net interest differentials has been reduced.
The wealth management strategy, which has worked well for five years, is still dynamic. In 2021, the Bank of Peace retailed aum by 21.3% on a year-on-year basis, with private sector aum growing by 24.6% on a year-on-year basis.
In 2021, the size of the uninsured banks grew by 34.5% over the same period, a significant increase of 24.7 ptt over 20 years.
The dynamic of growth unleashed by the rapid transformation (the same size of netized products as +80.9%) and the positive growth of alternative distribution channels have also been effective in driving the growth of scale. We believe that the continued dynamism of the wealth management business of the Sino-Safe Bank has led to a sharp increase in revenue, on the one hand, and the growth in income in the public sector, on the other hand, on the other.
Annual wealth management fee revenue grew by 18.6% over the year, leading by 7.1 pct; on the other hand, scale effects are also expected to lead to objective low-cost debt deposition, with long-term effects on the support of net interest differentials.
A leading asset expansion of 3.8 pct, with an average increase of 18.8 per cent per day in current deposits, leading by 8.5 pct, 8 pct, respectively, with an increase in liabilities and deposits, which we believe to benefit, or to some extent, from the development of wealth management operations. Loans are the main driving force behind credit growth. By the end of the year, the ratio of loans to interest-bearing assets was as high as at the end of the 21st year.
The net increase in total interest-bearing assets was 39.5 per cent, with 75.9 per cent in the second half of the year, and credit card operations were particularly active. The net increase in individual loans was 45 per cent in the second half of the year, exceeding mortgage loans. This was in line with 21-year-old Peace Bank's deep-deep and new layout of the core bus host community, as well as continuity.
We believe that, with the epidemic’s normalization, residents’ mobility, consumption, and demand are expected to improve continuously, with secure bank credit card operations or keeping the landscape alive, leading to a steady increase in lending. The year’s safe bank net-rate spread ratio of 1 bp to 2.74%, with the narrow trend largely halted, with the cost of indebtedness from year to year.
For 22 years, we are looking forward to a steady middle-end of the net balance: 1) the end of the liability, the deep push of the Great Wealth Management Strategy, which is expected to continue to drive rapid growth in personal demand deposits and cost-effective liabilities; 2) the end of the asset pool.
The group is well-resourced, credit is growing at a faster rate than assets, and the credit is expanding at a higher rate than the asset returns. 4 negative rates are falling, provisions are going up, bad baggage is being laid off, asset quality is being tightened further.
Between 3bp and 1.02%, the lowest level since 2015. There are signs of an increase in the overdue rate and its share in the negative.
8bp below the same year, reflecting certainty in the quality of assets. Provision coverage was significantly increased by 87 percentage points, leaving sufficient space for profit release.
283.4 per cent of the assets are significantly more secure and more space is set aside for anti-breathing profits.5 “Home-related” concerns can be reduced, after having been influenced by the logic of real estate, the value of which was more depressed, and the integrity of the property risk exposure at this time.
By the end of the 21st year, the balance of the bank's loans to public premises stood at $28,892 million, representing a decrease of 0.8 pct, or 6.2%, compared to the previous year, which was significantly lower than the rate of credit delivery and asset expansion, and since the second half of the 21st year, there had been an increase in the volume of public loans.
In terms of bad rates, poor lending to public property at the end of the 21st year was 0.22%, roughly the same as in 20 years, slightly higher than leasing business services and below the full-to-public loan deficit of 0.49 percentage points.
In addition, since the beginning of the year, property credit policies have been introduced from the central to the local level, and we believe that there is a positive effect on real estate credit, with risk relief. The risk relief will also be passed on to the optimal quality of the bank’s assets.
Fears about the quality of housing-related assets can be reduced. The recovery rate has recovered, and profits have remained high; the wealth management strategy continues to advance, and the dual contribution to the median and net income differentials has continued to emerge; and the adverse and continuing downs have resulted in a significant increase in the coverage of the provision, leaving sufficient reserves for profit release.
Space; formerly subject to the logic of real estate, valuations have been severely suppressed, and the complete disclosure of the property exposure is expected to reduce the macroeconomic situation: economic growth is subject to a certain downward pressure due to the external environment and domestic demand. Credit risk breaks out: real enterprises, including housing companies, are affected by multiple effects and defaults.
The report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for the content and perspectives of the report. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.