On 9 March, the Bank of Peace published its 2021 annual report. The company made a full transition to retail banking since 2016.
Roe was 10.85%, an increase of 1.27 percentage points in the same year. The assessment is as follows:
Net profits are increased at a higher rate, driven by size, interest, and provision. In 2021, the year-on-year income increased by 10.3 per cent; Large personal customer base, strong brand influence, broad net profit increased by 25.6 per cent compared to the year-on-year profit contribution split: at the end of the income, net interest earned at a volume increase
Distribution networks and well-developed systems of integrated financial products, which contribute to the overall retail transformation, the creation of leading intelligent retail banks, which benefit from the rapid growth of wealth management fees and the growth of bond investment returns and fair value returns.
At the end of the line, the cost-earner is 28.3%, down 0.81 pct from the same year, and the quality of the operation is improving. In a context of poor clean-up and adequate provision, the 2021 provision is milder (credit impairment loss is increasing on a year-on-year basis).
4.8%). Overall, growth in size, non-interest income, and the provision for positive contributions to profits have been significant, with asset end-of-end rates of return falling down, with small net interest differentials. In 2021, the safe bank net difference was 2.79%, a decline of 9bp compared to the same year, but the absolute difference remains high in the same industry.
On the one hand, industry-wide lending pricing, guided by the policy orientation of the genuine economy, continues to flow b/h (in thousands) in favour of a high-quality low-risk group, with a corresponding decline in pricing.
In the context of the downward trend in loan prices, PEAN has taken the initiative to adjust the asset liability structure in order to ease the pressure on interest differentials. At the end of the year: increased lending, retail lending (year-end loans increased by 2.12 pct to 62.8% compared to the end of the year)
In the previous year, the rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets was increased by 2.53 pct to 64%. As a result, the rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets was lower than the rate of return on the loan.
This represents an increase of 22.7 per cent and an increase of 39.2 per cent in the average daily balance of business deposits, an increase of 4 pct over the same period. In 2021, the asset quality improved and the provision was adequate. In late 2021, the balance of SALB non-performing loans was $31.28 billion, down 115 million from the end of the previous year, and the rate of non-performing loans was 10.2 per cent, down 16 bp, down from the end of the previous year.
Among them, the poor rate of 0.22% for public real estate and the manageable quality of assets. The criteria for determining the maturity of prior loans and categories of concern have been adjusted to remove the effects, under the same calibre, the overdue rate, tianxy@dxzq.net.cn
The group has a strong financial advantage. 1) The client side: the group customer migration continues to advance ... contributing to the company's high-quality customer resources. 2) The science and technology side: the group values science and technology and continues to increase its investment to enable the effective transformation of its retail banking strategy through the sharing of the group's scientific and technological resources. 3) The product side: the group's financial integration.
It's an advantage to provide one-stop financial products and services to clients, and through integrated operations and cross-marketing. Retailing is a new phase, with the private sector growing rapidly.
A strategic shift in sales operations, supported by group resources and supported by science and technology finance, led to a significant retail transition. In 2021, Safe Banks upgraded retail transformation, proposing a new “Five Ones” model that integrates retail financial services such as banking, i banks, remote banks, offline banks, open banks, etc., and strengthens technology.
Retail customers aum at the end of the year reached 3.18 trillion, an increase of 21.3 per cent over the previous year, and private banking grew rapidly, with private customers aum increasing 24.6 per cent more than at the end of the previous year, leading to faster growth in the middle harvest, which helped to optimize the structure of deposits and boost the effectiveness of the company ' s operations.
In the past few years, the Bank of Peace has taken the initiative to exit the excess-capacity industry, high-risk assets, stock-related assets have been largely cleared, and the quality of public assets has been optimized. At the same time, it has been strictly controlled to increase, select industries, customers, products, and focus on light assets, light capital.
This business is very good for public business. As 3+2+1 continues to advance on public strategy, corporate strategic outreach works well, smooth asset quality is accompanied by good growth in business demand deposits and a reduction in the cost of indebtedness.
Investment recommendations: We believe that the Bank of Peace, “Retail wealth + excellence in public works + asset quality”, is expected to jointly drive the increase in profitability. 1) The growth logic of retail strategy advancement remains unchanged.
Access to space is still large, and private and wealth management operations are expected to maintain a high growth rate. Retail base groups are better off after adjusting their risk preferences, and line profitability is further enhanced.) Under sophisticated corporate strategies, asset quality is expected to be smooth and thus less profitable. 3) Asset quality is expected to become less profitable.
Figure 3: Peace Bank 2020, 2021 split, East financial and intellectual sources, East financial and intellectual sources.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Peacebank (000001): Keeping the performance steady and improving the quality of assets
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.