Kyoto Easta (000725) Electronics received R & D subsidies to boost corporate performance
Events: The company recently issued a public announcement that the company's controlled subsidiary, the Eastern Light and Power Technology Department, in Tokyo, received 180 million yuan in subsidies for R & D costs from the Electronic Information Industry Development Agency of the Metropolitan Highlands.
Government subsidies, directly recognized as current revenues in the same month, are expected to yield revenues of $180 million in 2018. The Department has been granted debt forgiveness of $6.3 billion in 2018 and R & D subsidies of $180 million.
The lcd terminal price is steadily stabilizing, the company is enjoying a 8.5-generation quantitative dividend and a 10.5-generation bonus. The quarter is a long one from the traditional low season of liquid crystal panel demand in March, which is subject to sports events such as the summer World Cup, and the lcd terminal price will be gradually warming, with a pre-low post-higher trend for 18 years and now downstream.
In addition, the company combing 10.5 generation lines will be much more efficient at cutting around than friendly firms, with an absolute advantage in cost structure, and will accelerate the company’s ratio of delivery of super-sized and ultra-high-resolution liquid crystal panels.
• The trend towards substitution of national production is clear, and the firm’s flexible amoled has taken the lead in measuring the pre-existing advantage. The industry chain study shows that the company’s b7-line success rate is going well, production capacity is climbing up, and progress is on track. The company’s capacity and equipment in the field of the oled is clear, flexible processes are in place, and production is flexible.
Amoled matches the high-end positioning of cellular manufacturers on the oled screens, with a clear ahead-of-the-board advantage in technology, agglomerations, innovation transformations, and a smooth layout of company network operations. Around "Open two ends, core screens, billions of dollars, over a five-year period, will expand the market to more than 100 networked areas, providing at least 6 billion links.
Three-year doubling of the growth trend and increasing the ratio of soft and hard integration to service camps, from 2016 Kyoto Easta (000725); performance forecast meets expectations, Kyoto Orientala (000725); and
Accomplishments, creating a new 8k era (2018-01-10) Kyoto Easta (000725): a modern industrial microcosm of the rise of big countries (2017-11-28)
Kyodonga (000725). No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for the reason that the new leader of the Internet era has not been, nor will it be, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.