A major investment in information technology technology hardware and equipment, leading to semiconductors showing the long road: a recent announcement from Tokyo East that the company was planning to invest $96.5 billion in three major projects, including:
The tft-lcd project and the $4.023 billion Suzhou Industrial Park project. Wuhan 10.5 generation line construction expands the company moat river. Wuhan 10.5 generation line, with investment of $46 billion, design capacity of 120 k/month, with a target of over 65 inches of television panel products.
It is expected that when the Wuhan 10.5 line is put in place, it will generate an additional annual income of about $20 billion, while the company’s production capacity on the liquid crystal panel will also open up the gap with the lgd and secure its global lcd panel.
Actively boosts the capacity of flexible amoleds to take over the new generation of panel markets. Soft amoled has the advantages of spontaneous light, wide-sightedness, rapid response time, lightness, and thinning. We believe that companies continue to grow on soft amoled.
Total equity/flow (million shares) layout, which can further weaken the impact of Samsung on flexible amoled production and prices and accelerate the pace of total market value/flow (millions)
Sexual amoled penetration on smartphones. Moreover, increased self-productivity helps companies to actively capture flexible market shares in the future at the highest/minimum level of 12 months.
In recent years, firms have shown high growth rates in their business-to-business operations, combined with the company’s layout in the new application terminal market, and the demand for future production capacity is high. The Suzhou Industrial Park project has improved, upgraded, and expanded the capacity of the company to perform its full-time functions.
The manufacture of production lines enhances the efficiency and productive capacity of firms, thereby increasing the combined competitiveness of their semiconductors to show products.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.