Kyodonga (000725) 100 billion project investment aid, oled is second-largest in the world, lcd is number one in the world.
South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: The company recently issued three project announcements totalling $96,523 million, respectively: $46 billion in investment in the production line of the Wuhan High Generation (10.5) for the membrane transistor LCD (tft-lcd)
• An investment of 46.5 billion yuan in the construction of the 6th-generation mooled (soft) production line in Chongqing;
The line of production project is the second highest global subgeneration of lcd after the company combing 10.5 generation line, with a design capacity of 120,000 units per month, with a major product of 65 inches and 75 inches of 4k/8k, 60hz/120hz television panel products. As 55 inches become the normal size of the LCD market, big screens and higher resolution requirements will
The company’s 10.5 generation line, at 65 inches, is much more efficient in cutting than a friendly firm, with an absolute advantage in cost structure. The company’s Fertilizer 10.5 generation line will be produced and gradually contribute to performance this year, and the build-up of the Wuhan 10.5 generation line will accelerate.
The company's super-sized and super-high-resolution liquid crystal panel ratio. The company's flexible aoled was the first to measure the pre-existing advantage. The company invested a total of 46.5 billion yuan in the 6th generation amoled (soft) production line project at Chongqing.
The chain studies show that the company’s b7-line success rate and capacity are progressing well, as expected. The company has a clear edge in production and equipment in the field of oled, and flexible processes are in place, in line with the high-end determinations of the terminal manufacturer for the oled screen.
The startup of the new production line in Chongqing will further assist the company's core client resources, pre-position competition, investment in the Kyoto East (Sushu) Industrial Park project, and the layout of the property network business. The company's smart suit project, with a total investment of $4,023 million, will be used mainly for the local smart manufacturing platform high-tech companies.
Relocation, upgrading, upgradation, extension and integration of surrounding industries, with project products covering various dimensions and applications of photovoltaic display end products, consistent with market trends such as LCD television, LCD displays, commercial displays, and ar/vr.
Seng-hoa (000725): R & D grant, plus 3. Kyodong (000725): piloting of a career manager.
Accomplishments, creating a new 8k era (2018-01-10) Kyoto Easta (000725): a modern industrial microcosm of the rise of big countries (2017-11-28)
6. Kyodong (000725). No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for the reasons of the new leader of the Internet age, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.Sixan Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.