Kyoto Easta (000725) e-performance forecast meets expectations, turning point to light and continuing Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2017, which is expected to be attributed to the shareholders of a listed company in 2017, as a result of the company ' s continued efforts to enhance its efficiency over the reporting period, to increase the speed of import and export of high-value-added products, combined with the fact that the 2017 semiconductor showed a better industry and a stable overall level of profitability.
• In 2018, to meet the demand year of lcd, the company was able to enjoy 8.5-generation quantitative dividends and 10.5-generation high-subgeneration dividends. In 2018, the company ' s elasticity of operations came mainly from the increased profits and depreciation of the 8.5-generation line in Fuqing, Fu Qing, Fu Qing, plus a 10.5-generation yield for the company ' s combing line in 2018, which will accelerate the push
The ihs estimate an increase of about 7 per cent at the end of the area of lcd in 2018, a quarter of which is a traditionally light season for liquid crystal panels, and the start of the World Cup and other sporting events in March, which will gradually warm up and accelerate the process of large-scale conversion of liquid crystal panels.
Industrial chain research shows that the company’s b7-line success rate is progressing well, and production capacity is up and up. Companies have a clear edge in production and equipment in the area of oled, and flexible processes are in place, making production flexible.
Amoled matches the high-end positioning of cellular manufacturers for the oled screens, with a clear ahead-of-the-board technological advantage, matching the expectations of large domestic clients to large international customers.
One hundred million yuan will expand the market in more than 100 networked areas over five years, provide at least 6 billion combinations with a three-year doubling growth trend, and expand the ratio of soft and hard integration to service camps, starting from 2016 in Kyoto Easta (000725).
Point, deepening incentives innovation (2018-01-15) Advantages, creating a new 8k era (2018-01-10)
Kyodonga (000725). No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.