The company's operating income in 2023 was $506 million (Yoy).
The market is in a period of adjustment, leading to a reduction in procurement volume and a partial decline in key clients in the traditional areas of dominance - 11.03 pct), and the decline in the Māori rate is mainly due to a decrease in the sale of information-based chip, which results in an increase in the fixed cost share of a single product, and the expansion of market share, which results in price pressure on a portion of the product.
The s09805221001 industrial control chip earns 162 million yuan (Yoy-41.21%), or 32.0%, and the Māori rate is 67.49% (Yoy, a leading national processor company, where core cpu performance is approaching market mainstream).
In 2008, it was a processor and disarmament programme provider primarily involved in the development, sale and servicing of processors and packages. The main product consisted of core 1, core 2, core 3, etc., of which the core desktop processor 3a5,000 and the server processor 3c5,000 were already located in higher water levels in the country.
Some of the desktop terminals, workstations, servers, etc., have been phased in with the core core core of the cpupu chip. A self-direction system has been introduced to master the core technology of the cpuip nuclear design.
The integrated dragon architecture, which is independent of the Wintel and aa systems, has developed two basic versions of the operating system, "Longnix" for desktop and service applications and "Longos" for terminal and control applications. The company insists on autonomous development of core ips, mastering core technology for processor and related ip nuclear designs.
On November 28, 2023, the company released a new generation of generic processors, 3a6,000 pounds of hard cores, etc.
The processor uses an autonomous command system, the loongarch, which is the first product of the fourth generation microstructure of the core, with an overall performance comparable to that of the Intel's 10th Generation Cool Wise Four nuclear processor, which was listed in 2020.
Stakeholder concentration risk; IPR dispute risk; macro-environment risk; market competition risk; bad debt risk; stock price fall risk; R & D input-related risk; government subsidy change risk.
The company was established in 2008 as a processor and solution provider primarily involved in the development, sale and servicing of processors and packages.
cpu command systems, processor ip nuclear, operating systems, and other core computer technologies, creating a self-opening, soft and hard ecological and information industry system. Since the start of market-based operations in 2010, companies have gone through three rounds of e-government, the second round of which has reached hundreds of thousands of volumes per year; and 3) the period 2020-2022.
The company’s main products are processors and packages of chips and basic hardware solutions.
32-bit low-power processor cores, application scenes for embedded specialized applications such as joint terminals, instrumentation 2) Dragon core 2 series for low-power generic processors, designed using single chip soc, usually integrated into 1-4-64-digit low-power processor cores, application scenes for industrial control and terminals such as network equipment, industry
3) The Dragonheart 3 series is a high-performance generic processor, usually integrated into 4 or more high-performance processors Nuclears, used in conjunction with bridges, and applied to information-based areas such as desktops and servers; in addition, the company is based on an open core ecological system, in conjunction with cardboards, steroids and basic software, application solutions.
Program developers establish close partnerships to provide downstream enterprises with development panels and hardware and software modules based on core processors, as well as sound technical support and services. The industry is located in the middle of the integrated circuit industry chain.
The support link, which is designed in the middle for manufacturing, and downstream for application. In the middle, it involves manufacturing, which is divided into an integrated circuit design, an integrated circuit manufacturing and a single major part of the encapsulation test. The company is part of the integrated circuit design industry, using the Fables model, which is primarily responsible for the design of chips and the formation of integrated circuits.
The metering chart, which entrusts the crystal circle manufacturing, sealing, partial testing, etc. to the relevant manufacturing firm and the surrogate. At the same time, the company has set up a testing laboratory with some screening and testing capability that, while improving the product’s quality control capacity, effectively mitigates the urgency of the chip’s performance.
As of March 31, 2024, the company held a holding share in the company, and directly held 21.56% of the company’s shares. Mr. Hu and Jinhong were the company’s co-controlled, with Mr. Hu holding the position of Chairman and General Manager of the company.
In recent years, the e-government market has stagnated, and sales processors and accompanies chip and the provision of basic hardware and software solutions have been able to generate business income. In 2018-2021, corporate income grew rapidly, from $193 million to $1,201 million, corresponding to 83.9 per cent of cagr.
Billion dollars, a decrease of 31.54 per cent in the same year, were mainly affected by the macroeconomic environment, changes in industrial cycles, information-based e-government markets in a period of adjustment leading to a reduction in procurement volumes and the temporary stagnation of procurement by officials in the management of some of the key clients in the traditional niche areas of industrial control.
The net profit level of the company's parent is more affected by the recovery. In 2020, the net profit of the company was $72 million, and in the same year, the net profit of the company was 237 million yuan, an increase of 229.81 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of strong policy push in the field of key information bases. In 2022, the net profit of the company was $52 million.
The company’s overall Māori rate has declined in recent years, with a rising rate of costs over the period. For Māori, the decline in Māori rate is 11.03 ptt, resulting mainly from a decline in the sales of information-based chips leading to an increase in the fixed cost share of a single product, while for example, the price of some of the products is kept in line to expand the market share.
The products of the company are divided into three categories: industrial control chips, information-based chips, and solutions. The industrial control chips are oriented toward embedded specialized equipment, industrial controls, terminals, such as joint terminals, instrumentation, data collection, network equipment, industrial terminals, intelligent manufacturing, etc. The products have been widely responded to in the areas of network communication, energy, transportation, etc.
Use. The information chip is directed towards desktops and servers, and the products are widely used in the fields of e-government, finance, telecommunications, education, etc.
The solution consists mainly of hardware module products and technical services. The information chip ratio increases and decreases. The Māori rate of the industrial chip is relatively high in 2023 because the market for information chip sales is policy and in e-government.
cpu performance is constantly improving, command set and ip nuclear autonomous control Dragon core: one of the first to be developed as a national production processor with the ability to approach the market mainstream level of cpu is the core of computer computing and control. cpu (central processingunit, central)
The most basic core component of the information industry is made of super-large integrated circuits, consisting mainly of modules such as operators, controllers, high-speed buffers, internal data bus, control bus and state bus input/output interfaces.
Perform generic calculations; at the same time, all layers of software in computer systems will eventually be mapped into cpu operations via a command system. cpu's main function is to interpret computer instructions and process data in computer software.cpu from the repository.
or a high-speed buffer memory to remove the command, place it in the command register for a command decoding, break it into a series of micro-operations, connect to various cpu module components capable of performing the required calculations, and send the control command to complete the command execution.
As an important application area, pc shows a first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-of-the-kind-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-first-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-one-to-to-one-to-one-to-to-one-to-to-to-to-to-one-to-to-to-one-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-one-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-one.-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-be-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-do.-to-do.-to-to-do.-do.-to-to-do.-do.-to-to-to-to-to-do.-do.-to-do.-to-to-to-to-to-to-do-to-do.-do-do-do-do.-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-do.-to-to-to-do.-do.-do.-to-to-to-to-do.-do.-do.-do.-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-
cpu, the number of cpus per server is variable. According to idc, global pc shipments grew rapidly between 2000 and 2014, from 139 million to 538 million; while shipments showed a first-in-first-down trend during the period 2015-2023, they also showed a first-in-a-year increase, but were higher than 68 million annually.
Intel and amd are the two leading international companies in the design and marketing of cpu chips, leading the global laptop computer and data centre cpu market. Intel was established in 1968 as a global semi-director for designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and serving one-size-fits-all cpu and related solutions.
Body idm, which includes computing and related end-products and services centres, covers emerging areas such as peripheral computing, 5g networks, cloud and artificial intelligence and autopilot.
X86 microprocessors (cpu) and graphic processing units (gpu) and chip sets, among others. According to Counterpoint, Intelcpu dominated the laptop market in 2022 with nearly 70%. Intel accounted for 70.8% of the market share of cpu in the global data centre in 2022, ranking first; amd accounted for Bida.
19.8% of the total market share of the top two giants is over 90%. The company is the leader of the country’s autonomous cpu, one of the first generic processors to be developed in the country.
The core competencies of software, through a long-term build-up of a range of autonomous patents and intellectual property rights (IPRs), technology excellence, product competitiveness, and a leading position in the domestic generic processor industry. Companies adhere to the principles of performance development on their own routes, and autonomous cpu performance is approaching market mainstream.
The Cpu performance enhancement principle, which is based on the principle of “enhancement of generic processing capabilities before enhancing dedicated processing capabilities” “enhances single-nuclear capabilities before increasing nuclear numbers” and relies on advanced processes, is divided into two main stages:
The main contradiction in the promotion of autonomous cpu up to 2019 is the lack of performance. In 2013-2015, the first generation (3a1000, 3b1500) of dragon cores used only one-tenth of market-based products.
2) From 2019 to 2021, the core autonomous cpu's performance was close to the market's main product level.
In 2022, the company released server processor 3c500, with 16 nuclear performances comparable to the nuclear peak of the arm processor 64 of the arm route.
Approaching mainstream product performance and successfully developed 32 nuclear 3d5,000 (in two 3c5,000 envelopes).a whole machine software and hardware product based on core cpu includes desktop terminals, workstations, servers, information integration machines, network communications equipment, network security equipment, cryptographic products, industrial equipment, server bmc programme and printers
Specialized chip programs. The core desktop terminals include desktops, notebooks, single machines, cloud terminals, etc., supporting the mainstream linux operating system, displaying 3d and 4k high-resolution, supporting state secrets and credible applications that are suitable for government information applications.
The server products based on the hard core 305,000 high performance processors and carrying 7a2000 bridges include generic computing service servers, storage servers, and ai servers. The generic computing servers have high performance calculations, low energy consumption, easy management, etc., and are widely cited in e-government, business offices, cloud computing, big data, etc.
Sites; storage servers include high-reliable centralization, distributed storage, backup one-stop servers, etc. with super-capacity, super-capacity, flexible extension, stable reliability, etc.; core-based 305,000 co-calibrator cards, scalable displays include an arithmetic pool, memory integration, and aai training server for agency-level margin calculation, medium and small
Image 19: Core-based storage server command set: independent of the Wintel and aa systems, introduction of the autonomous command system "done architecture"
Computer eco-structures consist mainly of software applications, development environments, operating systems, whole machines, cpu chips, and other chips. Computer ecology is a pool of resources around a computer platform, with the top layer being applications for end-users; the development environment provides a programming environment for software developers.
Reflected in a series of application programming interface specifications (api); operating systems to manage all hardware resources and to control external equipment using drivers; whole machines to include components such as cpu, memory, hard disk, etc.; cpu to perform the most important computing and control functions in computers.
Figure 21: Computer Platform Ecostructures The command set is an interface between computer software and hardware. It is a binary coding method for the instructions that cpu executes. The instruction is an order that directs computer hardware to perform certain computing and processing functions. It is the minimum function list for computer operations.
bit. The command set is the set of instructions in cpu used to calculate and control computer systems, also known as the command system, and is the expression of the full functionality of the computer. Each cpu is designed to set a series of combs with other hardware circuits. cpu can be divided into complex command sets (ciscs) and streamlined command sets (risc).
This consists mainly of x86 structures; Ric consists mainly of mips, arm, power, rsc-v, which is an open-authorization set of instructions, and rsc-v, which is an open-source set of instructions.
The x86 command set and the arm command set are two types of command systems that are currently widely used. The x86 architecture is a command system that dominates the desktop and server cpu market for easy programming and more efficient storage; the arm architecture is widely used in embedded system design and has been widely used in recent years because of features such as low productivity and multinucleicity.
The data centre server market; the risc-v architecture is mainly applied in the area of physical networking, while it can be extended to the area of high performance computing; the mics are pioneers of the risc, which has developed earlier and is relatively open in terms of structural authorization; and the Power architecture has advantages in the area of large aircraft, mainly in the area of high-end servers.
The global cpu industry is now dominated by the Wintel system and the aa system. The Wintel system is an Intel and Micro-X86 command system that rapidly expands market shares and builds ecological advantages through pre-emptive advantages and is based on the arm command system and the adroid operating system through arm and Google systems;
Based on a series of advantages of its command system: open source, isthropology, customization, etc., the Division is based on low-capacity mobile markets, forming aa system through anandroid alliances, and taking a leading role in the mobile platform market.Cpu is currently dominated by core cores, electro-shentai, Haeth, Flying Information, Sealight Information,
Six Shanghai mounds, according to the type of command system used, can be divided into three broad categories. The first group consists of the middle of the core and the electric koshentai, each of which used earlier mips-compatible command systems and the type alpha command system, which is now the main R & D command system; the second category is the Haeth and Flying Information, which uses the arm command system; and the third category is the Arm command system.
Sealight Information and Shanghai Mock, using the x86 command system. The company launched the Longarch, the only Cpu enterprise in the country to build an open information technology system independent of the Wirtel and aa systems based on an autonomous command system.
The software ecology on cpu has the ability to maintain important open source software independently and become a de facto maintainer in many open-source communities. On this basis, the core autonomy structure was launched in 2020. The frame is built from top-level planning of the entire structure, to functional definition of the parts, to the code of each directive in detail.
Name, meaning, structural self-reflection, full autonomy. The loongarch architecture has advanced, compatible, modularized, expanded features. Advancedness means that it absorbs the technological advances that have been developed in recent years in the command set and improves the efficiency of the code. Compatibility refers to the architecture.
Combining the features of mainstream command systems such as x86 and arm to achieve compatibility with the x86 and arm applications through efficient binary translation; modularization means that the structure includes elements of the base structure and extension of vector instructions, virtualization, binary translation, etc., close to 2,000 instructions; and extension means that the command chute of the structure remains open.
The Loongarch architecture has become a top open-source ecosystem alongside the international open-source communities of X86, arm, etc. The Department is actively involved in the open-source software project to build the loongarch branch in the upstream communities and to match the Loongarch source code.
Maintenance, and “anti-feeding” of the open-source communities. Loongarch has been officially numbered as the new architecture of the International Open Source Organization (gnu); while acpi (advanced configuration and power interface) international standards, eafi (consistent one-extended solidware interface) standards, etc., have been accepted as the top-level architecture.
Several international open-source communities have accepted Loongarch as top-level architecture, and there are over 100 international open-source software projects with Loongarch branch codes, including kernels, compilers (binutils), compilers (gcc/llvm/go), base libraries (glibc), graphic systems (opengl), browser engines
The company owns two basic version operating systems for desktop and server applications and for terminal and control applications, and provides technical support for the commercial brand operating system.
Autonomous command systems have migrated or developed core modules of operating systems, including kernels, three compilers (gcc, llvm, golang), three virtual machines (java, javascript,.net), browsers, media players, kvm virtual machines, etc., resulting in loongnix and loongos operating systems; among them, loongnix is the response
The linux operating system distribution system for generic information areas such as desktops, servers, cloud computing, etc., is a terminal operating system with streamlined, efficient, real-time features and is oriented towards control applications.
The design capability of cpu is mainly reflected in the design capabilities of the internal ip of the chip, including the cpu core, gpu core, internal bus, memory interfaces, and so on. The ip core, also known as the intellectual property core, is a circuit module with pre-designed features and repeated to other systems.
Each detail is designed to achieve a specific function by purchasing a mature and reliable pip program, thereby shortening the chip design cycle and upgrading the chip performance, which is conducive to market capture. An excellent pip core can achieve higher computing efficiency at the same level of production and art, and is an important aspect of cpu performance.
Most socs are currently designed based on a variety of ip combinations. As the advanced process evolves, the reduction in the width of the line has led to a significant increase in the number of transistors in the chip, which has also led to a significant increase in the number of ips that can be integrated in a single chip. According to ibs, for example, the 28nm process node is available in a single chip.
The number of ips was 87; when process nodes evolved to 7 nm, the number of ips that could be integrated reached 178. Global semiconductor ip markets grew by 19% to $5.45 billion in 2021, with processor ip accounting for the largest share. According to ipnest, global semiconductor ip markets grew by 19% to $5.45 billion in 2021.
In 2016-2021, the capr was 9.8 per cent; ibs projected a global market size of $10.1 billion by 2027; in the ip category, the processor was the largest, with 36.0 per cent cpuip in 2019, 5.1 per cent dspip, 5.1 per cent gpu/ispip, 22.1 per cent interface and 26.9 per cent total.
Arm is the largest semiconductor ip market in the world, accounting for about 40% of the city in 2021. According to the pattern of competition, arm, synopsys, and candence have been the top three markets in recent years. According to ipnest, the top three cities accounted for 40.4%, 19.7%, and 5.8%, respectively, for a total of 65.9%.
The company insists on developing core ips, mastering core technologies for processors and related ips. The company has already developed hundreds of ips such as serial cpuips, gpuips, memory controllers and phy, high-speed bus controllers and phy.
On the basis of Loongarch, the company developed a series of la132, la264, la364, la464 and la664 series cpu ip. La132 is a single launch structure of 32 and uses a static stream line; la264 is a two-launch 32/64-bit knot structure with a dynamic flow line with an integrated capability equivalent to anrmcorpex-a73; and la464 has four rounds.
Launching of 64-bit structures for Liu, using a dynamic flow line, used in dragon cores 3a6000, 3c6000, cpu. New generation processors with excellent performance and continuous expansion of application areas. Release of new Dragon cores 3a6,000, representing important milestones in the autonomous desktop cpu area of national production.
On November 28, 2023, the company released a new generation of generic processors, 3a6,000, printer-controlled chips, 2p0500 pounds of hard cores, etc. Of which, the core 3a6,000 processors were fully self-designed, with excellent performance, representing the latest milestone in the design of our autonomous desktop cpu. In addition, the company made the dragon publicly available.
The core processor's nuip and the core autonomous command system's structural authorization program. The core 3a6000 processor uses the company's autonomous command system's logongarch, is the fourth-generation microcosm processor core, supports the simultaneous multiline technology (smt2) and has a total of eight logical cores.
Integrated security credible modules that provide security start-up programs and support for state secrets (sm2, sm3, sm4) applications.
Dragon core 3a60 000 at 2.5 ghz, specpu2006base single-line fix/floating points up to 43.1/54.6 points, multi-process fixed/floating points up to 1,5140 points; specpu2017base single-line (rate1) fixed/floating points up to 5.05/7.78 points, single-process multilined (speed)
/Float values of 6.66/18.1 and multi-process (rate8) fix/float values of 21.3/21.0; stream actual bandwidths of more than 42 gb/s; unixbench actual scores of more than 7,400.
The industry provides comprehensive support for the 3a6,000 new feature of the core based on continuous compatibility. The 3a6000 core is perfected with support for hard and hard-cooperative binary translation, which increases the efficiency of binary translation, runs more types of cross-platform applications, and meets a variety of large and complex desktop applications.
The core 2p0500 is a master soc chip for single/multi-function printers. The core 2p0500 is based on an asiomeric-sized nuclear structure that integrates multiple functional modules such as ddr3 memory, gmac, otg, etc. with printed data reception/dismantling and processing, printing engine control, scanning time sequence control, data scanning, image processing, motor control.
A single chip can satisfy a variety of typical applications, such as printing, scanning, copying, etc.. The company produces a variety of solutions based on twop0500 cores, such as printers, scanners, photocopiers, and works with a number of mainstream printers in the country.
The core develops a special software called the Dragonheart Printing Engine, which enables the installation of one key, the fast-configuration driver sequence, and so on. The LoP engine is used to use printers directly on the Loongarch desktop terminal to support mainstream printers, both domestic and foreign, with internal drivers supporting printers including Hewlett-Packard, Jae-Eng, Union, etc.
Dozens of brands, such as the Bantu, with more than 6,000 products and more than 95% of old printer pass rates, have already been installed in the application stores of the ISIS system. The information and engineering areas are widely used, leading to the establishment of the Lodge Eco-partnership.
Dragon corecpu-based solutions have been widely applied in e-government, enterprise informatization, education, energy, communications, finance, transport, medical, industrial digitization and digital, and material networking and consumer electronics. In the area of informationization, dozens of brands have been launched in the country based on dragons.
In the field of engineering and control, hundreds of major industrial and network security equipment manufacturers in the country have introduced dragon core-based Cpu-based industrial and cybersecurity products, including industry.
pc, industrial servers, industrial storage equipment, dcs (distributable control system), plc (programmable logical control), switchboards, routers, firewalls, netlocks, network monitoring equipment, data encryption communication equipment, etc. Companies have mature applications in the field of e-government, hardware based on core desktop computers, server construction, etc.
The typical e-government network provides for the exchange of correspondence, internal portals, secure mail, institutional affairs, performance appraisals, electronic library, etc., which can be used in digital offices, integrated security management, smart villages, intelligent archives, intelligent carriers, etc.
The comprehensive roll-out of e-government offices, including external adaptation, and safe applications, enhances the efficiency of e-government offices and provides security protection from chip, cloud computing, and application.
The company is deeply involved in major technologies and equipment in the energy sector, and plays an important role in electricity systems, wind-power systems, and petrochemical systems. In the electricity system, integrated solutions are developed in the area of power security and energy security for the power corecpu power, while working with the electricity industry partners to develop multiple core-based systems.
For wind-power systems, the wind-based cpu system works successfully in several windfields in the west. For petrochemical systems, the core cpu offers solutions ranging from chip, card, core hardware, and key turn-on software systems.
Dragon core cpu is widely used in key systems involving transport equipment, and a series of national production efforts have been carried out in such areas as high-rail, subway, road traffic, etc. In the area of high-iron, companies and industry leaders are engaged in the application of national production equipment; In the area of subway, the master control equipment, network equipment, etc., based on the development of the core processor; and in the area of road collars.
The company now has thousands of information partners that can provide a complete solution from end-to-end to cloud-based dragon-core solutions that have developed a strong industrial chain and ecological support capability.
Innovative small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are designed to promote hardcore eco-enterprises to develop products based on hardcore platforms, enrich hard core production, promote close interaction among hardcore eco-enterprises, and enhance the innovation and competitiveness of hardcore eco-enterprises. Companies operate in an autonomous and open business model, from command set/ip nuclear authorization, to chips.
Level/headboard level development and full-scale open support to eco-partners for technological innovation upgrades in such areas as system-wide nuclear applications. Companies include mainly industrial, information-based chip and solution operations, profit-for-profit prediction assumptions.
Industry and control chip business: a temporary suspension of procurement in a particular industry in which some high-quality grade products are expected to be located for management reasons within the industry will be phased out, with a view to the company ' s growing dynamic in areas such as embedded specialized equipment, industrial controls and terminals, with a projected increase in corporate industrial and control chip operations revenue for 2024-2026.
Information chip business: The business is expected to continue to subside as nationalization of the IT industry continues to progress as policy and e-government markets influence the business, taking into account the growth momentum of the new generation of core 3a6,000 and the next generation of chips, and the revenues from corporate information chip business are projected to be the same for 2024-2026.
Solution Business: Consider the potential for continued growth of hardware module products and technical services in the solution business Impact of industry chain partners, past Maori levels are relatively stable, subsequent Māori rates are expected to pick up gradually and cost rates are expected to return to a relatively reasonable level as income levels recover, taking into account past rates
Pessimistic scenario: assuming an unforeseeable negative change in the industry and the company, a 2 per cent decline in the rate of growth of corporate revenue, a neutral distribution of dividends, a 2 per cent decline in the ratio of operating costs, management costs, R & D rates, sales costs, optimism: assuming an unforeseeable positive change in the industry and the company, a growth rate of corporate revenue, dividends
In profit projections, we look forward to: 1) the growth dynamics of industrial control chips in embedded specialized equipment, industrial controls and terminals; 2) the growth dynamics of desktop and server cpu products in the new generation and the next generation of cores of 3a6,000 in information-based chip; 3) hardware module products and technical services in solution operations
Predicted assumptions are not valid, and there is a risk of bias in our projections of profits.1 The risk of a significant decline in performance or loss. The performance of an integrated circuit design enterprise is strongly influenced by downstream market fluctuations.
There are significant adverse changes, and companies may be at risk of falling performance. Policy-related operations are more affected by policies and market fluctuations, and firms will face the risk of falling performance when demand is significantly reduced or delayed.2 Core competitiveness risks. Core technology is the core competitiveness of firms, and firms exist as a result of core skilled personnel.
If a company fails to continuously enhance its skills development, incentives, and protection, it will run the risk of losing its skills. As product processes and complexity increase, the cost of a company’s runoff rises dramatically.
There will be an increase in the amount of human and material resources invested. If the pace of input is not kept, or if product development fails, there will be a risk of a decline in the company’s business performance.
During the reporting period, the main suppliers of processing services for the company’s main chip products were more expensive. In the future, the supply of chip-processing services may not be met if the international political situation changed dramatically or the supplier’s production capacity increased.
Company demand, the company will be exposed to the risk of higher procurement prices or longer supply cycles, and of disputes over the company’s production and operation of 4 intellectual property rights.
In several jurisdictions, the scope of application, mode of use, enforceability and even effectiveness may be challenged by law, some of which may evolve into legal proceedings such as litigation, arbitration, investigation, sanctions, protective measures. In relation to such legal proceedings, companies may incur high legal costs.
These legal procedures, which typically involve multiple jurisdictions, both within and outside the country, and which have a longer duration and may be influenced by factors outside the law or the law, may result in companies facing the payment of default payments, intellectual property authorization fees to each other or third parties associated with such intellectual property rights when the final outcome of such legal proceedings is unfavourable to the company. ]
Use, damages, fines, etc., may also result in a company’s intellectual property or related rights, authorization being declared null and void or revoked, and may also have an impact on the company’s reputation. 1. Macro environmental risks. The United States has consistently introduced export control policies for high-tech semiconductor enterprises in China.
Globalisation is a major challenge, with uncertain risks to the stability of the global semiconductor market and chip supply chain. It can have a negative impact on companies’ production and operations. 2. Market competition risks.
Companies are exposed to increased competition in the market. The company conducts industrial eco-building based on two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems, and its products are mainly sold in the area of critical information infrastructure autonomy.
As of the end of 2023, the size of the company’s accounts receivable increased the company’s business risk. If the macroeconomic situation deteriorates or the client has major business difficulties, the company will be exposed to the risk of bad debts.
At the end of the reporting period, there was an increase in the book value of the company’s inventory compared to the same period last year, with a flow to the company.
As technology-intensive enterprises, companies adhere to a core technology-owned innovation strategy, with higher R & D inputs during the reporting period, and some R & D inputs result in development expenditures, which will then be turned around.
Intangible assets. If a company’s research results are not industrialized as expected, there is a risk that the company’s operations will not be subject to changes in government subsidies. The integrated circuit design industry is encouraged and supported by national industrial policies. During the reporting period, the amount of government grants that account for current earnings will have a greater impact on current profits.
Lack of sustained access to government subsidies or significant reductions in government subsidies may have a negative impact on corporate profits. Figure 42: Corporate operating income and rate of increase (billion yuan, per cent) Figure 43: Monthly operating income and rate of growth of companies (billion yuan, per cent)
Figure 44: Net profit and increase in corporate attribution (billion yuan, %) Figure 45: Quarterly net profit and increase in corporate returns (billion yuan, %) Figure 46: Share of corporate sub-products received
Figure 47: Māori rate of the company ' s sub-products (%) Figure 48: Cost ratio of the company The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author