Computer Group National Product Office software flagship, subscriptions and message start-up to open a long "Cloud+Synergy" strategy to suit office software development. Policy drives the build-up of the epidemic.
According to the AIDS counselling data, the market size of our co-operative industry was $26.42 billion in 2021, an increase of 15.6 per cent.
Corporate product systems achieve "Cloud One" and "Cloud Plus Synergy" strategies that are highly compatible with office software development trends and are powerful engines driving the growth of corporate performance. As of 202203, individual company subscriptions accounted for about 52% of corporate subscriptions, and institutional orders.
The percentage of revenue earned by public and institutional authorities is about 17% and 23%, respectively. b Ends are expected to be the future growth point for companies.
The Division ' s digital office platform, with flexible assembly capacity, flexible and ecologically open delivery, provides strong support for the shift of the b-side business model from authorization to subscription, and is a turning point for companies to move from tool saas to platform saas. The company is expected to be at end 2022-2024b
The effect of the two-subscription transition is evident, and the business model continues to be optimized. In 2021, the market for office software was $1.12 billion, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same period, with a rough estimate of the company’s market share of 578 million monthly living equipment, with end-of-end and end-of-end subscription revenue accounting for about 69 per cent.
In the long term, the subscription business model can greatly enhance the stickyness of clients, the certainty of income, and provide a steady and sustained cash flow. “The stone of his mountain can be attacked.” The company launched mobile office software in 2011.
For Microsoft, which has been working together in recent years, corporate competition has been reflected in a strong head effect, a strong localization advantage, and a high value for money. Soft has now landed its products, and office software has opened up to new development opportunities.
Companies are expected to benefit as domestic office software champions. In addition, Microsoft Office accounts for more than 80 per cent of the revenue from end B, and the company has a wide range of growth space at end B.
Increased competition in the co-location market, the unanticipated shift in two subscriptions, and the risk of a market-restricted unit release. 1. Cloud+Synergy high-level alignment with office software development trends.
Co-location is the use of computers and networks to provide software services to a wide range of people to meet staff needs for teleworking, real-time collaboration and efficient management, and to achieve timely communication, data sharing, mobile office, etc. It is built on office automation (oa).
Co-operative software manufacturers can be divided into integrated co-management platforms and vertical co-location software. The former can also be broken down into old oa manufacturers and Internet giants, with old oa manufacturers focusing on the provision of customization services, which in recent years have begun to develop Saas and mobile end-of-service capabilities, and the advantage of Internet giants can be found in the ease and cost of software. Vertical co-location software
This can be further divided into traditional software manufacturers and saas, which are usually deployed on the basis of privatization and can be customized according to the needs of their customers. The advantage of the saas manufacturers is that they are initially low-cost, fast-paced and flexible.
Old oa vendor Integrated and coordinated office management platform development of saas and mobile end-of-service capacity
In-depth enterprise organization management system, i. Corporate mobile office platform, easy-to-use and cost-effective traditional software vendor
Services to enterprises, usually in the form of private deployment, are expensive and slow, but can be tailored to the needs of the enterprise.
The enterprise does not need to purchase bottom-level resources when applying the Saas software, which is initially low-cost, fast-paced and wide-ranging.
On the one hand, in recent years, policies have continued to promote the rapid development of “Cloud+Collaborative” offices, with the 14th Five-Year Plan explicitly stating “Supporting large enterprises to build a single digital platform to accelerate business synergies across the value chain.” On the other hand, due to the new crowning epidemic, the online office model product
The combination of the two has contributed to the acceleration of the digital transformation of the enterprise, the gradual expansion of the field-plus mixed office model, and the need for “win-plus” offices to become regularized. With a co-location market of more than 20 billion, it will continue to grow steadily in the future.
From 27.2 trillion yuan in 2017 to 45.5 billion yuan in 2021, the size of the digital economy as a share of gdp has increased to nearly 40%. The digital economy has accelerated the digital transformation of enterprises. According to the AIDS advisory data, in 2021 the market size of the co-working industry was 26.42 billion yuan, an increase of 15.6%, and will continue to grow by more than 10% in the future.
There is a long-term trend towards online co-location. According to the auroral data, the online co-location of mau has evolved from a billion in January 2020 to a 60% penetration rate, and the co-location has evolved to a longer-term trend and has become more widespread on a larger scale.
By going back to the evolution of the company and Microsoft, we believe that there are two things that are worth noting. The first is the firm ' s determination in 2011 of the mobile end office software to make a car swap, and the second is the company 's capture of the development of the Cloud Plus Synergy' and its resistance to the Microsoft Chamber.
In 1995, Microsoft Office landed in China, which had an impact on wps, and in 2003, the company rewritten the bottom code to fit with Microsoft Office, but was still at a relative disadvantage in market competition. In 2011, mobile Internet was booming, and companies were lagging behind in the development of Microsoft mobile ends.
By September 2022, the company ' s wps mobile endmau amounted to 336 million, more than 10 times that of Microsoft ' s office, and was the first mobile end office software product in the domestic market mau.
In the context of the mainstream trend in office software, the company has joined Microsoft, and in 2015 the company released wps+ one-stop clouds and offered subscriptions to open the front lines of the cloud office; in 2018 the gold mountain file was released, opening the collusive process. In comparison with Microsoft, we believe that the company’s core strength is largely reflected in the company’s accumulation of a wide range of users at the mobile end.
Group, product use is also expected to guide users to the end of pc, thereby continuously empowering the “Cloud Plus Synergy” strategy.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office-related and service-related products. The company’s main products include wpsoffice office software, a matrix of office energy products such as a gold mountain file, and a gold mountain digital office platform solution.
Wpsoffice is a core product of the company that can provide one-stop office services to users. The product can be multi-end coverage through the wpsoffice desktop and mobile version, with the same document processing capability on different end-of-pipe devices/systems.
In addition, companies provide user-friendly and efficient on-line and off-line services and technology support, while also collecting user pain points, which enable continuous product optimization and improvement. Gold Mountain documents support real-time online collaboration among many people and achieve compatibility and integration with the wpsoffice client community.
Mountain documents are based on html5 technology, supporting online document and office document management, viewing, editing, collaboration, etc. on pc end and mobile end platforms through a variety of ways, including browsers, micro-mail applets, qq process sequences, etc. Helping users to obtain diversity on different platforms, especially when collaborating participants cross desktop and mobile platforms
Cloud Office Experience: For office documents, users can choose to collaborate efficiently online with a gold mountain file, or choose to edit in depth with a wpsoffice client to meet their diverse office needs. The digital office platform is based on a corporate product matrix, with coverage from cloudization, centralization and secondary development
Creates and manages, co-operates, and digitalizes business solutions that provide one-stop, multi-platform solutions or services to organizational-level clients in a corresponding manner and delivery model.
From the point of view of the function of the product, these software can provide basic functions that are commonly used, such as file coordination, i.e., time communication, videoconferencing, calendar management, etc. The company’s products overlap with them, but we believe that there are two things to focus on: first, the diversity of client groups.
Flight books are dominated by tmt companies, headlines: nails and micro-credits are dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises. Secondly, document processing is the company’s core competitive advantage. Companies have been working deep for years in the field of document processing, with a deep accumulation of applications and compatibility.
Limited capacity to process documents of embedded firms is required to meet a wide range of office application needs. Therefore, we believe that companies collaborate more with other co-operation products than with competition.
End 2 b is expected to be a growth point for future performance.
The supply chain security incidents and core software and hardware technology for national production are becoming more sophisticated, and the IT industry is moving from party politics to key industries. According to the Helby Institute, the market for IT applications is expected to be 59,444 billion dollars in 2022, which is about a firm’s cut-off position in the letter-making chain.
With a clear location, the products are now being used in a number of major demonstration projects in the country during the “12th and 13th” period, with results applications and industrialization, and full support for the national production platform and the national production operating system. Office software is a key component of the application, and information technology applications to key industries are expected to generate significant increases for companies.