Analysiser: Chiang Seok-joo incident: company ' s 2020 report issued on 28 April. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income.
A quarterly report, during the reporting period, the company achieved business income of $10.54 billion (-3.22 per cent); a net profit of $92 million was realized, which was reversed over the same period in the previous year. Under the epidemic, orders were placed with a bright eye. In 2020, the company achieved operating income of $5,524.4 million.
yuan (+4.91 per cent), net profit from the parent is $306 million (-84.93 per cent); net profit reduction is mainly due to the completion of transactions such as the recapitalization of the company's significant assets, the consolidation of units such as Jiangnan shipbuilding, Hiroshima International, China ship power, Motivation Institute, prior period adjusted according to corporate accounting standards, same calibre, etc.
Accounting statement, last year ' s revenue from shipbuilding in Jiangnan confirmed the collection of land rights in the Shibo parcels was US$1,798 million. By 2020, the company ' s private goods business was actively transformed and the order was highlighted. In 2020, the shipbuilding business carried a total of 72/634.3 orders to receive goods from ships throughout the year.
One, with an order of $2.311 billion; the power company completed 617 47.2 million horsepower for diesel engines and 102.16 per cent of the annual plan; the proportion of ship repair operations increased and the sea industry remained high.
The main reason for the increase in the Māori rate was that the previous year's main business included a low Māori rate, the construction of foreign ships, and the capture of the International Green Environment Code belt by the company's ship repair operations during the reporting period.
The opportunity came to take over a number of high value-added repair and renovation operations, while taking over a number of large reloading projects with a high Māori ratio. As a result of the company’s completion of the stock-distribution transactions, the company merged into new large shipbuilding enterprises such as Jiangnan Shipbuilding and Hiroshima International, the transaction was completed.
The share of income from the post-ship repair business plate increased significantly, with the share of income from the ship repair business increased by more than 10 pcts compared to the previous year’s original consolidation. Revenue from the power and equipment operation increased by 56.13 billion yuan (+9.63 per cent), the Māori rate was 18.46 per cent (1.94 pcts), with the main decline in the Māori rate.
This is due to the increase in the labour and material costs of diesel operations during the reporting period. The operating income of the operational reserve was $3.075 billion (+7.07%) and the Māori rate was 9.74 per cent (+3.01 pcts); the ocean engineering business revenue was $3.924 billion (+51.86 per cent) and the Māori rate was 10.33 per cent.
(+2.41 pcts) The increase in the Māori rate is due mainly to the one-time recognition of revenue and cost for the completion of sales of marine products, such as the fpso hull project, which resulted from the increase in Māori by the same year during the reporting period.
With the completion of the consolidation of high-quality assets, the synergies in the size of the business are further evident. The company has completed the incorporation of core civil-military operations, such as shipbuilding in Jiangnan, into the public market, with financing of $20,756 million and trading of $41,235 million. In 2020, Jiangnan achieved a total profit of $23,069 million.
During the reporting period, the company financed 100% of the stockholdings of the Xiangdong cranes, 100% of the shareholding stockholdings, 51% of the shareholdings of the Motivation Institute and 15% of the shareholdings of the Motivatory Institute, and jointly financed the establishment of the China Ship Dynamics Group. After the establishment of the Motivator Group, the company held 63.77% of its shareholdings, and the Motivation and Motivation Institute was included in the merger.
Since the company completed its major asset restructuring, the scope of operations has been further expanded, with the addition of military ship-renovation-related operations covering essentially the entire fleet of ships and sea-manufacturing products, strengthening the company's position as a platform for the listing of marine and marine workers operating under the flag of the China Shipping Group, and further promoting the ship's investment proposal: the company, as a listed company in the core civil-military industry of the China Ships Group, has consolidated large-scale ship-building under the flag of the China Ships Group,
Power and mechanical equipment, marine engineering, etc., have a complete industrial chain for the ship industry.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income (millions of yuan) and growth rate (%): Company net return (billions) and increase (%): Corporation R & D costs (billions)
Figure 4: Corporate Mäori Rate, Net Profit Ratio and Cost Ratio (%)