Focus on corporate revenue after energy release 603986.sh) looks forward to a complete breakthrough in the company's storage of products.
The company published a quarterly report in 2018, which generated operating income of $542 million in one quarter, an increase of 19.71 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net profit of the parent owner was realized.
Corporate revenue is still largely nonflash. Company revenue of 2018q1 increased by about 20% in the same year, slightly less than we had anticipated before. Corporate cooperation with China Point International will address the capacity bottlenecks and focus on the growth of subsequent corporate revenues.
From a rate perspective, the company ' s q1 Māori ratio reached 38.24 per cent and the ring was slightly lower, but it remained close to the higher levels in the third and fourth quarter of last year, indicating that the industry was still better, but that the price of the materials had slightly increased the cost; the company ' s financial costs had risen faster, some of them in dollars.
Exchange rate factors lead to a 74% increase in corporate management costs, mainly as a result of increased R & D and implementation equity incentives; more than 50% increase in corporate receivables and receipts, indicating that the industry as a whole is still relatively good. Given the supply and demand of the industry, we judge the price of noorflash.
This year, there will be a shock trend. The company’s capacity will gradually climb up and grow significantly over the last year, according to which it is expected that the company’s norflash business will continue to grow rapidly this year. (ii) Looking forward to progress in the company’s Nand product and dram collaboration.
The company's slcnandflash is going well, 38nm's product is already in production, "Migma Innovation: good progress in storage business, good rate of acquisition of 24nm products continues to rise. We expect companies in the future to be in slcnand.
In addition, the company works with the compost to store dram, which is the company’s layout in the field of dram and will help the company to develop space for the future. According to the latest developments announced by the combustor, the plant started installing equipment in January.
In 2020, plans were made for the construction of a second plant, and 17 nanometers were completed in 2021. The acquisition of Slim's share was not considered for the time being, taking into account the 43-fold rate of exchange losses on companies.
Development prospects are good. But short-term stock prices are implicit in these expectations and maintain “precautiously recommended”