Performance slightly lower than expected, orders full + all the way, investment rating: increase (maintenance) research assistant Wang Ping
The cost rate of 13.1 per cent, corresponding to 2.79 pct; by sub-product, the recovery of railway equipment began to improve.
In 17 years, railways have been equipped with flat trucks, buses, and locomotives, with cyclical warming and upswings, and urban orbital traffic is growing rapidly. In the future, the main industry will look at "The Traditional Car Week Revival + High Growth on the City Track + Ppp Push + Foreign Market Expansion".
It is expected that the 2017 bid will resume + the roll-out is expected to lead the company's railway equipment by about $1881 billion, or +21 per cent, and the stock of orders will be full. The start-up team will normally be 7-10 months from the bidding to the delivery, and will require active attention to the progress of the start-up bid in April.
At the beginning of 2017, the first call for 40,000 cars was made for the first time, compared with the annual delivery in 2016, which was +119%, and the purchase of trucks was robust.
"As a result of the massive advance, the cyclical warming of the country's traditional model, and the potential release of motor and urban track purchases, it is expected that the railway equipment market will emerge in 2017, with the international market contracting of about $8.1 billion in 2016, an increase of 40 per cent.
The future focuses on markets such as the United States, Australia, Russia, and India. In 2017, ppp estimates are expected to bring $5.8 trillion in capital gains, with companies in the middle of the line scoring: the winning US Metro List in Los Angeles, 2017.
ppp large list, small capital gold-driven equipment sales. According to Dong Wu macro, with existing company depths: Chinese business cards manufactured at the international high end, the 2017 ppp+ Ministry of Finance ppp project will be further slowed down, but stock projects will be available on a larger scale.
3.8 trillion yuan, expected to be the overall contract/landfall size of the 2017 ppp project between the two ministries Company rating: continuously winning bid ppp project, opening up the company's new growth space Company rating: multiple breakthroughs in the overseas market and a firm view of the road
The project was launched with small self-financing to leverage the sale of vehicle equipment while obtaining a period of operation Company rating: the net profit from parent deductions increased by 18.7 per cent, the “New Industries” company rating: the company's six-month performance was impressive, the “New Industries” and the “City”
Corporate cash flow, rolling development of the ppp project. Corporate rating: major contracts in the first six months of the company for subways and wind power, 2017 is a year of policy for the ppp and the "one-way" sector, with the railway equipment industry expected to be full-fledged.
Corporate review: "Change rent" will speed up the financial pressure on clients. According to the 2016 annual report, we're finely fine-tuning corporate profit projections. Company review: $12 billion will be passed by the board, financial pressure will be high.
Corporate review: Growth of performance is steady, and future overseas operations are expanding and moving, China China Central: March 30, 2017, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory.