On August 28, 2025, the Seafood Industry published its semi-annual 2025 report.
As a result of zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn ' s downward profit on raw materials and the cost of maintaining stability, Māori rates are expected to continue the trend of optimization throughout the year, with sales/management rates varying.
▪ A steady growth of spices and continuous optimization of the layout of the channel
The number of vendors was 6681, 26 fewer than at the beginning of the year, and the company promoted the distributors, improved the quality of the distribution team, further increased the volume of the single business, followed by a plan to increase the investment of resources for bc super-communities, and increased catering.
1. Seafood Industries (603288): 35% performance, enhanced on-line performance and increased network synergies.
The company launched the 2025a Stakeholder Scheme, which targets core managers and cadres who have an important role to play in the performance and medium- and long-term development of the company.
2024 - Repurchase of shares from specialized securities accounts by the companies entrusted with them, with a performance rating of not less than 10.8 per cent of the net return profit in 2025, with reasonable targets for employees.
Stockholding plans to introduce further motivation and reflect corporate development confidence. Companies optimize channel strategies to achieve a steady increase in performance at a high base.
At the same time, small products are rapidly released, leading by far. According to 2025, macroeconomic downside risks, less than expected recovery in consumption, increased competition in the industry, capacity to build or use new products less than expected, less than expected, and employee-share schemes.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, eight years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The basics of the shares, seeking medium- and long-term opportunities, are good at taking advantage of short- and medium-term potentials; they think hard about white wine, and they have deep marketed ideas and insights into the wines, always in the form of spices, fast-freezes, and leisure foods.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.