In the middle of 2025, the performance rating was reported: companies issued announcements that raised $15.23 billion, or 7.6 per cent, of the total return to the mother.
The seafood industry (603288.sh) collects $6.91 billion, i.e. 7.0 per cent of the year; the net profit from maternity is $1.71 billion, i.e. 11.6 per cent of the year; the income from non-mortality is rising steadily and steadily, and the share of new goods and lines continues to rise.
+7.0 per cent, maintaining a faster growth trend, performing better than the industry as a whole, and we believe that it is mainly the industry that optimizes the success of the transition, raises the share of the company and achieves a good increase in both new products and new channels.
Long. Crystals, 25q2 sauce/favour sauce/veil oil/other income are increasing competitiveness in the separate areas of vinegar and alcohol. Lower costs in the subregion, 25q2 east/south/central/northern/west, are contributing to improved profitability, with a slight increase in the same rate. Net interest rate of 25q2 return.
Short-term performance is expected to continue with faster growth, medium- and long-term focus on product upgrading and channel change.
Income is expected to continue the faster growth trend; 2) Cost side: Soybeans and package prices fall on the same basis, and gross interest rate improvements are expected to continue. In the long run, at the channel end, companies actively optimize customer structures and drive system recovery; at the product end, they actively explore health-oriented acupunctures, such as retorts, organic and low-sugar low salt;
On the management side, companies are expected to increase their internal staff motivation by publishing an employee holding plan. On the whole, I have a relatively deep 300-percent performance chart, which suggests that multiple positive factors are likely to fuel good growth in the long run.
For long-term competitiveness, positive adjustments are expected to continue to contribute to improved performance and maintain “recommended” ratings.
The company's evaluation of the seafood industry has continued to improve, and the effect of the change has been realized, the company's assessment of the seafood industry has been positive in adjusting to the changes.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-alcoholic plates and beer plates.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and, first of all, contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.