A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
SAIC Motor (600104 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Wait for the turning point of two GMs
Target Price
RMB21.1
(Previous TP
RMB25.6)
Up/Downside
+11.6%
SAIC Motor announced its FY19 results. Revenue achieved RMB843.3bn (vs.
Current Price
RMB19.0
CMBIS estimate of RMB886.3bn/ consensus estimate of RMB818.6bn), a
decrease of 7% YoY. NP was RMB25.6bn (vs CMBIS estimate RMB30.0bn /
China Auto Sector
consensus estimate of RMB26.8bn), a decrease of 29% YoY. EPS declined 29%
to RMB2.19 while DPS was RMB0.88 in 2019. The divd yield was 4.6%.
Jack Bai
The Company sold 6.24 mn units in 2019, a decline of 11.5%YoY (SAIC
PV of 0.7mn/-4.1%YoY, SAIC Volkswagen of 2.0mn/-3.1%YoY, SAIC-GM
of 1.6mn/-18.8%, SAIC-GM-Wuling of 1.7mn/-19.4%YoY.) GPM from new
car sales fell to 9.3% in 2019 from 11.5% in 2018, dragging down the bottom-
line. The main factors that contribute to the GPM decline include the
Stock Data
emission standard switch, the decline of NEV subsidy, etc. We expect its
2020E sales volume to be 5.79mn units (vs Company's target of 6.0mn).
The inflection point of short-term performance depends on the
performance of two GMs. In 2019, SAIC-GM sales volume fell 18.8%YoY,
of which Cadillac fell 17.3%/Buick fell 13.7%/Chevrolet fell 51.8%. One of
the reasons is that SAIC-GM chose to use the three-cylinder engine in Buick
Excelle and Chevrolet Cruze in 2019. Since Feb 2020, SAIC-GM plans to
roll out the four-cylinder engine version on key models. We expect the sales
performance of SAIC-GM will start to improve in 2H20E. In addition, SAIC-
GM-Wuling sales volume fell 19.9%YoY in 2019. We expect SAIC-GM-
Wuling will also improve marginally as New Baojun brand has a great
product pipeline in 2020E.
Share Performance
In the medium-run, SAIC-Volkswagen will support the performance.
The SAIC-Volkswagen MEB plant is expected to be put into production in
4Q20E with a production capacity of 300K. It will produce a variety of EV
models for Volkswagen, Škoda and, Audi. In addition, SAIC-Audi is expected
Source: Bloomberg
to roll out its first model A7L in 2021E. We believe that Audi, as one of the
three famous luxurious brands, will become a new growth engine for SAIC
12-mth Price Performance
Motor.
We adjust down the top-line forecast in 2020E by 12% to RMB787bn to
reflect the negative impact of COVID-19. Furthermore, we cut our bottom-
line forecast by 34% to RMB21.5bn in 2020E given 1) lower GPM forecast;
2) operating deleverage; 3) lower PL from JVs. Therefore, we cut our TP to
RMB21.1 (based on new 11.5x 20E P/E) with an upside of 11.6% from initial
TP RMB25.6 (based on initial 9.2x 20E P/E). Reiterate HOLD.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Related Reports
"SAIC Motor (600104 CH) - China's largest
Earnings Revision
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 3: CMBIS estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 4: Revenue breakdown
Figure 5: P&L forecast
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.