Shin Yishan Consignor, Longki shares (601012.sh) deep layout of the entire industry chain.
The Māori rate for companies in the first three quarters of 2020 was mainly due to the implementation of new revenue guidelines for the company in the current period, the removal of freight charges from sales costs, and the prior-period market value of liquida shares (billions):
In the first three quarters of the year, the company's research and development led to an update of silicon size standards and product lines. The company, as the world's largest single crystalline silicon supplier, and six other light-voltage firms, the Union Crystal, the Crystal Austros, and Attez, took the initiative.
On the other hand, the company relies on technological advances to produce new products that match industry’s needs. In the first half of 2020, the company’s silicon silicon silicon production succeeded in solving the photode of the perc component and committed itself to that.
Products are priced at the same price as silicon silica; the company perc battery produced 23 per cent of its output efficiency and introduced new products for the he-mo5 components of the super-large ground power station, with a power of 540w for type 72 components; in addition, the company launched its first "tops" for the bitv product under the flag, leading the way into the construction light-volatile integration market.
The company has a long-standing commitment to building a vertical one on the 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
In terms of physical layout, since this year, the company has stepped up its planned capacity-building, further consolidating its position as the leader of the company at 28 China Sea Street, Peace, West Side, Beijing. During the reporting period, the company Ning Shaloye (5gw) single crystal battery, Xiangzhou II.
7th floor (5gw) monocrystal component project is fully operational, SIL and silicon project, Taizhou (5gw), Xianyang (5gw) monocrystal component project is partially operational, Xi Antchi (5gw)
Sanxi Securities Co. Ltd., single crystal battery, Kacing (5gw) single crystal assembly, Yunnan Cui-jin and Lei River, 30gw silicon rods and silicon silicon chips, etc.
Production bases above 7gw have improved the company’s global production capacity, helping to avoid the negative impact of overseas trade barriers on the company. Deep binding of shares in tradables and signing of long orders to lock in the supply of raw materials. q3, q3, 2020.
In the first half of the year, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Silicon Dragons and the company entered into a subsidiary under the flag of the company, and the silicon produced by the company will be supplied to Lungi as a priority.
The above-mentioned cooperation agreement and the signing of a long-leaf contract will help to ensure a steady and sustainable supply of company raw materials and help the industry.
\triangleright \global photovoltaic policy change risk; product and raw material price volatility risk; photovoltaic additions less than expected; epidemic recovery less than expected.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.