Alloyownedsubsidiaryofinamerchantsbank longi–a(601012ch) 3q20otherbeat; sublychainmanagement
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(previousp longirealized3q20netprofitofrmb2,240mn; beaturation. the up/downside)
It's 30% per cent, 30% per cent per cent, and 30% per cent of the actualthpoly-siampvgradsprice experiencedsubstantialhiduringthequarter.wethinklongi'sssupplychain
I don't know what you're talking about.
Lookahead, weexpectlongtoacileratewaferandmodulesto2.6bn 3q20resultsbeatagain.3qexternalwafer/moduleshipsurged 23.7%
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about, or what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
12-mthpriceperformance gpmguidmentorometaintablein4q20.longihadledwaterpriceforevertimesinviewofworkplace-sipricehike.mgmt.remainedconfidentto
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I don't know what you're talking about, folks. overall,wethinklongiwillbeilabletosustainitsprofitability. Audit: pwc source: companydata, bloomberg, and bisestimats.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
If you want to be a part of the world, then you can be a part of it, and you can be a part of it, and you can't be a part of it, but you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you can't be a part of it, you know.
I don't know, figure 2: longi's 3q20and9m20resourcessummary source: companydata, and bisestimates financialsummariy
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions doesnotprovidindividuallytailoredvesmentadvice.thisreporthasbeenpreparedwithoutregardtotheindividualinvestives, financial position orspecialrequirements.pastperformanceehasnoindicationoffutureperformance, dactuatedventsmayifferrealfrommet wichiscontainedin
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof and bisor itssaffiliate(s)tohomitististbated.thisreportisnototandsoouldnotbestruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanycycurityoronyinterestin securitiesorientententientintoanytransaction.neith and bisnoranyofitsaffilletates, shareholders, agents, consults, directors
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, methodswhencompiling.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
(asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) aeropersfallingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hhnetworthcompanies, unincorporated effects, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
rulesintendtedtoensuretheanalysisnotaffective 15a-6undertheus, securitiesexchangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotfurnishedtoanyotherpersons.eachmajustitutionalinvestors
I don't know, by sacceptanceherofrepresentsandandagreesthatshathaltshaltshattyorprovidethisiporttoantherson.anyu.s.recipientofthisportwishing tofectanytransactiontobuyorselsecuritiesbasedontheforformation provividedthisitreportdosoldsolythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcientsofthisdouridinsingporeinsingaporeins.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.