On 31 October, the company issued its tri-quarter report for 2020, which generated $33.832 billion in revenue in the previous three quarters, an increase of 49.08 per cent.
The net profit to the mother was $6,357 million, an increase of 82.44 per cent. The company raised 13,691 million dollars in the third quarter, which was better than the profit of the silicon business, and continued to optimize its large-scale structure.
About 1.57 billion tablets are sold. The supply of silicon is low and the price of silicon is rising steadily as a result of the silicon enterprise accident in Xinjiang in July and the Sichuan floods in August, but the company locked up a low price of silicon by three quarters, and followed up on price increases and announced several times that the price of silicon would change by £3/kg and adjusted the silicon price by 0.005/pc, partially offset by the volatility of silicon prices.
The Unit is expected to increase its profitability further by comparing the volume of goods delivered with the 300-degree trend, and the 166-size ratio. The short-term profit load of component operations is expected to increase rapidly, with q4 expected to recover steadily.
Some 12.7gw of the company’s first three quarters, of which some 5.9gw of the q3 component was delivered. The component’s business was under considerable profit pressure as a result of the rapid rise in the price of raw materials in the industrial chain, and the Māori ratio declined. The price of the component is currently floating at $1.6/w, with the company’s cost advantage of integration showing, the market share is expected to increase further.
The q4 light-voltage machine arrives in the strongest season, adding up the domestic silicon plant to complete re-entry, the level of profitability of the q4 component operations or multiple initiatives to guarantee a stable supply of raw materials and the accelerated expansion of production capacity.
In addition, the company has signed long sheets with some of the first-line silicon manufacturers, and is now largely locked in next year’s supply of about 70% of the silicon. In the case of the scarce glass links, the company has actively signed long sheets with mainstream light glass producers, and has strengthened its cooperation with second-tier manufacturers to improve and stabilize the supply of raw materials.
The production capacity of silicon tablets is expected to reach over 75gw by the end of the year, the component capacity is over 40gw, and the industry’s leadership is continuously consolidated. Cost controls are good, with significant improvements in the q3 operating cash flow.The company’s cost rate for the previous three quarters was 5.74 per cent, a decrease of 2.48 per cent compared to the previous quarter, and cost controls are better.
The same rate fell by 2 per cent, the same rate for management costs was equal, and the same rate for finance was 0.55 per cent. q3 operating cash flows showed a high growth in performance and an advantage in industrial chain integration of $5,921 million, a significant increase of 273.01 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a significant increase in the advance collection of components and bank acceptances
Volkswagen tttm values 97 times, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s vandal status and long-term growth space. The overseas epidemic has lasted longer than expected, the industry has grown faster than expected, and industry competition has outpaced expectations.
Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized, securities, Dong Wu Securities, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020, with the author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,