The three-quarter performance was in line with expectations, and the integration advantages further highlighted the significant increase in the net return profit and the stability of profitability in the first three quarters: a significant increase in corporate operating income and profits was achieved in the first three quarters, benefiting from good sales performance of the company ' s silicon portfolio.
33.832 billion yuan, or +49.08 per cent; net profit of 6.357 billion yuan, with a stable price of silicon and a win-win cooperation: three quarters of the price of silicone rose, with a relative depth of 300 indexes per share.
The company announced a formal strategic partnership with Tonway, whereby the two sides invested in the high-purity silicon project at Le Shan, Yunnan Tongwei, with a projected capacity of 75,000 tons and 40 million tons, respectively. At the same time, the company signed a new contract for Lijiang and Quixiang.
The project of 30gw single crystal silicon sticks and silicon tablets will further boost production capacity and expand the size of the company’s market when they become operational. At that time, high silicon prices and new production lines will help companies achieve higher profit breakthroughs.
Glass contributed to a small increase in the sale price of components and increased the volume of component sales driven by the uplifting of units: due to a more than 50 per cent increase in the price of photovoltaic glass since the low point in August, the assembly plant is facing a greater success Data cut-off date: 30 October 2020
This pressure, according to pvinfolink data, has further compressed 425-435w single crystal perc from early August until the beginning of August, and the advantage of integrated manufacturers has been further highlighted. According to the National Energy Agency, aaalongki shares (601012), are reported on a semi-annual basis.
The first three quarters of the year, 18.70gw, year-on-year +16.00%, were added. In the final stages of the photovoltage, it is expected that the four quarters will reach the peak of the demand for the components, which will be the company component of Hao.
Risk factors: unstable prices of silicon materials, batteries; new production capacity less than expected; heterogeneity 1. Corporate performance was as expected, and earnings were stable in the previous three quarters. Companies achieved business income of $33,832 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 49.08 per cent, compared with the net return to the mother of $6,357 million.
Of these, q3 achieved income of 13.691 billion yuan, an increase of 59.53 per cent and a rise of 18.62 per cent in the ring; q3 received net profit from the mother of 2,240 billion yuan, an increase of 51.93 per cent and a decline of 0.53 per cent in the ring. The sales of silicon and components increased by a build-up of photovoltaic price increases, with a significant increase in corporate revenue and profits in the last three quarters.
On the profitability side, the company achieved a positive increase in Māori rates and net interest rates in the first three quarters of the year, with quarterly profitability levels slightly volatile by raw materials such as glass. The company ' s Māori rate was 27.84 per cent in January-September, an increase of 0.21 pct in the same year; the net interest rate was 18.79, and the company ' s fee control capacity was further enhanced, with a cost of 4.79 per cent for the period January-September, a decrease of 2.55 per cent in the same year, of which sales costs were reduced by 2.55 per cent.
Cost of sales; financial cost of 0.28%, 0.55 pct less than year-on-year, mainly due to stock transfer completion in the previous period, 2 silicone prices stabilized, silicon prices worked together up and down to achieve a win-win. The rise in silicon prices affected the Māori rate, and strategic cooperation was finalized to stabilize supply.
Between 30 June and 28 October, the multi-crystal silicon-King Kong strategic collaboration resulted in cooperation on long-term multi-crystal supply and demand relationships to ensure a stable supply of upstream source materials. The two sides invested in a replenishment of the Sichuan Mountain pure silicon project and the high-crysotile silicon project at Yunnantungway, with a projected capacity.
With 75,000 tons and 40 million tons of silicon, respectively, the agreement also provides for a mutually beneficial win-win based on a market-based advantage extending up and down to the photovoltaic industrial chain.
In addition, in September this year, the company signed agreements on the construction of the 3rd annual production of Li Jiang and the 1st crystal silicon stick, and the 2nd phase of the Kucing 2nd annual production of 20gw single crystal silicon rods and silicon silicon projects, which will be announced by the company in the future. The two projects will further enhance the production capacity of the single crystal silicon silicon tablets and increase the size of the company ' s market by the end of this year.
The price of the last silicon will continue to be high, and the signing of the strategic cooperation agreement will provide a stable guarantee for the company’s production cost of silicon. If the company’s sales are maintained at the current level of growth, the profits will be greater by the end of the year.3 Glass drives a small increase in the sale price of the components and increases in the volume of the load.
According to the pvinfolink data, the price of the components increased slightly in the third quarter of 2020, driven by a strong glass price. As of 28 October, 275/330w polycrystal components were 1.3 yuan/watts, a decrease of 0.76 per cent from the end of the previous quarter; 1.59 yuan/watts, an increase of 5.30 per cent from the end of the previous quarter.
During the final phase of the photovoltage, it is expected to reach the peak stage of demand for the components, but if the price of glass continues to rise at a price that should not be needed at the current stage, then the price of glass will continue to rise.
At the 19th plenary session, the Director of the National Statistical Office, Ning Ji-sung, mentioned that “Eco-civilization is building new progress and energy efficiency is increasing significantly” as an important development in the next 14th Five-Year Plan.
Risk factors: the price of silicon material, battery fragments, new production is not as good as expected, and the production of heterogeneous batteries is more difficult.