6% concession of high capital, leading in the price-parity era, Lungi shares (601012.sh) 20 December 2020
• On 20 December 2020, Lungi announced that the company had received a notification from Mr. Li Chunan on 19 December 2020 that Mr. Li Chunan had signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with Takashi Capital on 19 December 2020:
The stock share, which is 6 per cent of total equity, the transfer price is 70 yuan/equity, the total transaction value of which is 15.84 billion yuan, and the high capital will become the second largest single shareholder of Lungi shares, expected to be one of the company's long-term shares; Mr. Li Chunan's share share will be reduced to 3.4 per cent, but it will not result in the company's controlling shareholders and actual shareholders.
With the impact of the new global coronary epidemic, rapid price increases for important raw materials, Lungi’s shares are expected to be the world’s number one in advance of their annual 20gw target in November 2020.
8.4gw ' s group price volume represents a significant growth in the company, mainly as a result of the security of component products, the long-term accumulation of brand advantages and the rapid response to supply chain security; in the case of silicon, the company is now the best in the city, maintaining excellent profitability, and the recent unwinding of silicon prices, but the price of silicon is stable.
In 2021, the silicon industry faced greater supply pressure, but the cost-control capabilities of companies and their leading market positions remained high on top of the list. At the start of the price-parity cycle, the Monk led the way into the new era.
With the fluorescent into the price-free age, the world has been called for new energy sources, with China, the United States, and Europe adding new energy sources, increasing their emission reduction targets and increasing the share of renewable energy sources. Lungi shares, as a champion of integration, range from silicon to components.
The realization of global doubles will fully benefit from the dividend of the price-parity era. Global light quality, with its heavy guiding direction, expands the trend, highlighting core competition under rising price pressures, with a strong business management model and a long-term build-up of excellent brand names, making Lungi's shares the strongest.
We keep looking at the excellent competitiveness of Lungi shares and continue to recommend it.
During this period, the market will be further consolidated -