Lungi shares, three-quarters-a-quarter cash flow innovations, and the company's three-quarter report for 2020, with its performance as expected. The company actively expands and robs as a monocrystal dragon.
The 49 per cent increase in earnings in the first three quarters was in line with expectations: the company issued three quarterly reports in 2020 and 82.44 per cent in real terms in the first three quarters; the net operating cash flow for the first three quarters rose by 76.35 per cent over the same period by $6.014 billion.
The net operating cash flow of $5.921 billion, an increase of 273 per cent over the same period, is one season high; the net operating cash flow of companies in the first three quarters was $6,260 billion, an increase of 55.95 per cent over the same period, matching the total profit base and reflecting an excellent profit quality.
Cooperation agreement with Tonway to secure supply of silicon: the company has recently announced an agreement with Tonway shares in the amount of tons, with 49 per cent of the proposed investment in Yunnan Tongwei (40,000 tons of high-purity silicon items in Tonway).
The objective is to cooperate by giving priority to the company ' s silicon requirements from the Tungwee shares, guaranteeing the supply of silicon shares first, and to the joint venture ' s s silicon project before its new production capacity, giving priority to the Yongwei shares to meet the requirements for the acquisition of polysilicon shares for the period 2020-2021.
The expansion of production capacity continued: by the end of the semi-annual year 2020, the company had a single crystal silicon production capacity of about 55gw and a component capacity of about 25gw. The company completed the acquisition of light fumes in Viet Nam during the year.
The company recently signed a second 20-gw silicon capacity investment agreement, with a total investment of about $6.5 billion.
Under current equity, combined with the company's three-quarterly reports on supply and demand and industry, the industry chain price situation, the impact of the new crown epidemic is expected to be higher; policy risks; industry demand is not as high as expected; industry expansion is expected; decline is not as high as expected; and production capacity is not digested as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.