The company released a three-quarter report for 2020, which generated 33.8 billion yuan, a 49 per cent increase in the first three quarters of 2020, a net profit of 6.36 billion yuan, a 82.4 per cent increase in the same period, of which Q3 earned 13.7 billion yuan in the first quarter, an increase in the ring.
The net profit ring was equal: the company q3 silicon silicon silica produced 2.78 billion pieces (the ring + 39%), of which 1.570 billion were exported; and the accumulated $6.7 billion (the same + 45%) in the previous three quarters, of which 4 billion were exported;
q3 component, 5.9gw (ring ratio + 25%), accumulated 12.7gw in the previous three quarters (year comparison + 140%), out of which 12.5gw. At q3, exchange rate of about 150 million yuan due to currency fluctuations.
In the case of losses and a reduction in investment earnings by about 300 million yuan (q2 power station sales), the company ensured that the q3 net profit ratio increased and the ring ratio was equal with the significant increase in the volume of silicon components delivered, as well as consistent excellent cost controls and supply chain management levels.
2. "Component operations begin to function and continue to stabilize excess profits." "Access payments received in advance, one-season operating cash flow surged in tandem and two-quarterly record highs were the best points of the three-quarterly paper:
By the end of the third quarter, the corporate contractual liability (pay received in advance) had reached an all-time high of $6.25 billion.
In addition, the net cash flow of company q3 operations rose to $5.9 billion, a one-season high, due mainly to the bank ' s concentration of currency bills and q3 advance payments in the first half of the year.
5. Q4 q4 is expected to continue the trend of “excessive expectations during the special period, reflecting a greater share of the cash flows of the strong, with a cumulative net operating cash flow of $6.26 billion in the previous three quarters, which corresponds to a high level of net profits for the same period.
The supply of raw materials is tight to test the supply chain security capabilities of component manufacturers, and corporate purchasing advantages are expected to be magnified: in the second half of the year, the cost of component raw materials is common due to the combination of rapid recovery of overseas demand, domestic loading, slow release of some of the new production capacity, and even due to the contraction of supply as a result of accidents, price increases for bulk commodities, etc.
In the context of the overall excess capacity of silicon/components, we expect that some of the two or three-line enterprises will face a dilemma between “lower start rates” or “purchasing high-priced raw materials.” The company relies on a number of long purchase orders signed with major raw material suppliers.
(8625), 61357595 multiple strategic collaborations, where the advantages of supply chain security will be further magnified, adding to the quality of the sales end and brand premium, are expected to keep the company ' s products healthy and relatively high profit levels.
UWW: 1) corporate silicon business performed better than expected in the second half of the year, 2) recent glazing price hikes may have cost profited from q4 erosion of components; we maintain company net profits from 2020-22e.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment