\triangleright: corporate output continues to increase and the Maori rate rises
\triangleright
This represents an increase of 15.6 per cent in the same year, with sales of 46.33 million tons, or 1.30 per cent in the same year. Of this increase, cold roll production was higher than in the same year.
The performance of 32022q1 fell short of expectations. Despite the fall in iron ore prices, the price of raw materials, such as coke, rose significantly, and cost compression reduced steel prices by 7.41 per cent, adding to the sales volume of corporate products by 7.36 billion yuan, dragging company Māori down by $3.836 billion and q1 by q1.
The core point for the future is the emergence of a flagship-scale effect that accelerates product optimization \triangleright 1 to optimize coal-packaging structures and achieves a maximum reduction. The company reduces costs by limiting production capacity.
The company’s production has continued to increase, and the product structure has improved. The project for the construction of a new three-high furnace system at Dongshan Base is now under way.
By the end of 2023, production of corporate steel products was expected to continue to increase, while company approval of the new Silicon Steel Energy Development Plan was expected to lead to a further increase in production of silicon steel products and an acceleration in the optimization of the company’s products. Equity incentives to enable companies to develop in the long term.
Profit forecast and investment proposal: the flagship scale effect is significant and the company output is expected to increase further, while \triangleright \triangleright
The company published its annual report for 2021: in 2021, it earned $36,342 million, an increase of 28.4 per cent over the same year; its operating income increased significantly from the same period in the previous year, as a result of a significant increase in demand for steel in the downstream sector and a sharp increase in the price of steel, both domestic and foreign, combined with a low base effect over the same period of the year; and a net profit of $23,632 million from the parent.
On April 29, 2022, the company issued an announcement that it would divide its controlling subsidiary, the BMW Carbon Industry, into a deep-seated venture board to increase further input into the new carbon-based materials business and make it possible to make the plate more effective. The share share this time did not exceed 25% of the total share value since the BMW Industry was released, i.e. not more than 25% of the shares were issued.
More than 250,000,000 shares. After the break-up, the stock structure of the Treasure Steel stock will not change and will maintain a hold on the Treasure Carbon industry, which is mainly engaged in the development, production and development of tar, benzene-based and new carbon-based materials.
The new carbon-based materials currently available include 23,000 tons of negative-polar materials, 100,000 tons of graphite electrodes, etc. In 2021, as a result of the gradual recovery of the domestic economy, which led to lower demand for chemicals, and the introduction of new carbon fibre operations, the BMW industry made a net profit of $530 million, compared to the previous year.
2-point review: Corporate output has increased steadily, q1 has not performed as well as expected, and 2.1 production has increased steadily, with a positive reduction in the Māori ratio: corporate output grew steadily in 2021. Companies produced 4,658 million tons of steel products in 2021.
This represents an increase of 15.6 per cent over the same year, with sales of 46.33 million tons, or 1.30 per cent over the same year. Of this, cold-roll steel production is priced: deeper cost cuts, and the company ' s annual rate of Māori rose. The price of iron ore, the main raw material for steel, fell by 4.5 pct over the steel price in 2021, delaying company q4.
The growth in financial costs, ranging from 23.3 per cent to $1,788 million, is mainly due to the implementation of the new lease guidelines, which recognize the combined effect of rental interest expenditures and currency exchange rate movements against the United States dollar.
In 2021, the company ' s inventory was increased by $9,984 million to $49,490 million, with raw materials, in products and stores, and a net profit return of 2022q1vs2021q4:2022q1 net profit ring increased by $1.69 billion, with the main points of increase being Māori (+3118 million), impairment losses (+1.165 billion); the main points of interest included the Institute.
The cost of raw materials has risen significantly, although the price of q1 iron ore has fallen on a year-on-year basis, the price of coke, coal and scrap steel has risen on a par, the price of company purchases has been narrow, and the sales of corporate products have fallen by 7.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, ultimately causing the company to fall by $3.836 billion, dragging q1 ' s performance.
The sales volume of 2022q1 fell the same year and the prices were higher. In terms of sales, the total output of the company q1 increased significantly in comparison with the prices of raw materials. By ring, the price of q1 iron ore P2C was 29.19% higher; the price of the seminal coker ring was 8.2% lower; the price of the main coal was 8.41% lower; and the price of scrap steel was lower.
The price of iron ore q1 has fallen by 15.16 per cent over the same year; the price of coker at the prime level of Lu Liang has risen by 20.93 per cent over the same year; the price of coal from the main Liang has risen by 90.67 per cent over the same year; and the price of scrap steel has increased over the same year.
Figure 18: Coal Coal prices have risen significantly over the years Figure 19: Waste steel prices have risen over the same period
The company has further optimized the product structure in the context of its limited capacity, with a cost-cutting strategy. The company has exceeded its original target, completed a cost-cutting plan of $1.15 billion a year, and has continuously improved the efficiency of the iron, steel, and rail interfaces over the period.
The company’s output continues to increase, and the product structure has improved. The project to build a new three-higher furnace system at Dongshan Base has been launched, adding 4.02 million tons of iron and water, 3.6 million tons of steel, 4.5 million tons of heat and 1.66 million tons of cold-rolling products each year.
At present, the third furnace was set on fire on 7 January 2022, and the three-high furnace system was built on a full-line trial basis. The Changjiang steel company, a company that is to build the Treasure Steel Steel Steel Steel Hydrogen-based furnace system, is building 856,000 tons of iron production capacity at a reduced scale and is expected to be operational by the end of 2023.
The two companies, Wu, have purchased 550,000 and 176,000 tons of iron and steel, respectively, for a total of 726,000 tons of iron and steel production capacity; the company's company, Wuhan Steel and Steel Ltd., is planning to offer 1.02 million tons of steel production capacity to the company's controlling shareholder, China's Bokwu and Shandonghai Industries Ltd., which is no longer producing capacity.
In order to accelerate structural optimization of unopposed silicon products and meet the incremental needs of new energy vehicle-driven power generators, the company approved the new Silicon Steel Energy Development Plan, which targets high-end Silicon steel production capacity at 1.5 million tonnes/year, unopposed silicon production capacity at 3.8 million tonnes/year, and high-licensed unopposed silicon production capacity at 2.1 million tonnes/year.
In order to attract and retain the best talent, to fully mobilize the core cadre of workers, and to combine the company’s interests with its employees, the total number of restricted shares planned to be awarded does not exceed
50 million shares accounted for about 2.226,841.16 million shares of the company ' s total equity at the time of the draft announcement, of which 46 million shares were awarded for the first time, representing 92 per cent of the total amount awarded, which represents approximately 92 per cent of the total amount of interest granted in the current draft announcement 4 profit projections and investment proposals 4
Core investment logic: The dominant scale effect is significant, and the company's output is expected to increase further, while the product structure is covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating. 1) The price of raw materials is rising. Prices of raw materials such as iron ore, coke, etc. continue to rise and the firm's cost pressure increases.
Data on real estate holdings and new start-ups are not warming, and capital investment may not grow as fast as expected because of the high level of local government debt and the scarcity of high-quality projects. Meanwhile, the economic transition is still under pressure, and downstream enterprise development is not growing as fast as expected to affect demand.
(3) The effects of the new crown epidemic continue to be felt. The serious and complex situation in which the epidemic is managed and controlled poses a certain risk to the management of the company’s production and the transportation of its products.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.