Jiangxi Copper (600362). Production patterns are robust, metal production increases will hedge the risk of price fluctuations.
▪ Events: Company reports in 2019, generating business income of $24.360 billion for the year as a whole, and growth in the same year.
▪ A large reserve of polymetallic resources with the advantage of a complete industrial chain: as of 2019, 100 per cent of corporate ownership and areas such as finance, trade, and the reserves of copper and associated authorized resources are estimated at 91,154,000 tons of copper metals, 281.5 tons of gold, 8347.7 tons of silver, molybdenum
In the area of non-ferrous metals, a complete industrial chain has been established for exploration, mining, mining, mining, tons of smelting, 52 tons of gold; the company has the advantage of a whole industrial chain from mining to copper processing, and a whole industrial chain of refining and processing is important to China.
The Dehin copper mine is the largest open-air mining mountain in the country, and the Prey Creek smelter under the flag is a full-scale copper, gold, silver, and sulfide manufacturing base. The company owns the largest copper smelter in a single sphere, and the controlling subsidiary, Hing, owns 112.01 tons of gold.
6 mines, 3 smelters, 8 copper processing plants, in addition to the nearly 1.2 million tons of copper produced annually by the company as the largest copper processing producer in the country, and 1 listed company, including cathode copper, gold, gold, etc.
The company has a sound business model and the main product has a branding advantage: the company ' s procurement model ranges from fine minerals to copper based on more than 50 varieties of silver, sulphuric acid, copper poles, etc. lme and shfe pricing, sales patterns such as copper and gold are traded at a centralized exchange price, copper, copper, etc.
In addition, the company’s precious metallurgical cathode copper, gold and silver are registered in lme and lmba, respectively. Widening the company’s product channels and highlighting the company’s branding advantages.The company’s copper block production continued to increase: lme copper at an average cost of $6021.6 per ton (-7.96 per cent) in 2019.
The cathode copper Maori rate fell by between 0.23 pct and 4.47%; however, the company's copper production rose overall, and the contribution of copper to the performance of the precious metal plate was significantly increased: the Shen State shares began in July 2019 and are on the table, 9.33% of the group. To benefit from the increase in the gold and silver prices, the value of the precious metal business was 7.03%.
The increase in rates and costs is due mainly to the combination of Heng State shares. ▪ The industry has expanded rapidly: 65% of the national bronze stock was acquired, with 180,000 tonnes of cataclysmic copper production capacity; the silver mountain mining 8000 tons/under-the-day wells sub-diplacing project has advanced in an orderly manner;
The State Copper 2nd phase of the 350,000 tonnes/year copper pole project was put into production, the Bronze Company 3rd phase of the 15,000 tons production line was opened, and the North China 220,000 tons of copper pole project was launched. By acquiring the first volume, 18.02% of shares in fqm, the company acquired Kazakhstan's largest tungsten mine, and it made steady progress towards the goal of a “three-year multiplier”.
The price of copper is higher or lower and the price of gold continues to rise: the supply and demand of copper is still tight, q2 or the demand bubble is higher than the supply elasticity, causing the price of copper to be higher throughout the year, and gold will continue the possibility of long cycles in the context of interest rate premiums and spot premiums that continue to ferment.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the Jiangxi copper industry (600362); the pattern of production is robust, and the increase in metal production will hedge against the risk of price volatility in the East.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
Hodgins is engaged in research in the non-ferrous metals industry.
Zhang Tian Feng, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom. Ten years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment and team management, former Director-General of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group; former Director of Investment in the Management of Assets in the Huin Fong Dong Hing Programme.
Second prize for the joint study of futures options at the Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE), third prize for the joint study of options at the Institute; and a silver prize for the Chinese Futures and a copper prize for multimedia: a third prize for the market simulation of the soybean futures at the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange, and an award for the entry of options into the competition.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Jiangxi Copper Industry (600362); the production pattern is robust, and the increase in metal production will hedge against the risk of price fluctuations, and there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.