q3 Improved profitability, new materials opening up growth space — satellite chemistry (002648.sz) incident assessment report — satellite chemistry release three-quarter performance report: total business in the first three quarters of 2024
At $1050521120004 q3 ethylene, lower prices led to an increase in price differentials for products such as ethylene from the company, and three quarters of natural gas is in a low-consumption season, adding up to high innovation in gas field production in the United States.
In the United States, the fall in prices of natural gas led to lower prices for ethane. In the United States, the average gas price was $2.24 per million in the third quarter, a decline of 3.39 per cent in the ring ratio; in the United States, the average price of ethane was $115.96 per ton in the third quarter, a decline in the ring ratio was close.
In view of the expansion of the gas fields in the United States, the company’s main raw material, ethane, is expected to remain low during the year, thus continuing its high profitability.
With respect to the period in which the company ' s financial costs have increased as a result of exchange gains and losses, corporate sales/management/finance/research and development in the first three quarters of 2024 represented an increase of 92.48 per cent in financial costs over the same period, mainly due to an increase in exchange gains and losses.
On the dynamic side, the net operating cash flow of companies increased in the first three quarters of 2024 on a year-on-year basis.
Pushing the industrial chain towards new material 2, Satellite Chemistry (002648); 3-quarter performance pressure, future light hydrocarbon cracking or renovation
During the year, the company officially began construction of the first α-vinyl alloys in the country in the Xujin District of Lien Yunang. 2022-10-25 co-operation with the High-end New Materials Industrial Park project to extend the high-end polyolefins downstream.
New materials like (mpe), polyethylene elastomers, polyα-vinyl hydrocarbons, ultra-high molecular vinyl chloride. On July 19, the company announced that the results of the scientific and technical evaluation of ethylene high-selective distillation with a new 1-butylene green process had been successful.
The new process produces intermediate-test products that are comparable in performance to the imported 1-butylene feedstocks in use and can be used for feedstock import substitution.
The project has not progressed as expected; oil prices have fluctuated significantly; prices of ethanepropylene have risen significantly; Chemical, New Materials Group presentations, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.