Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 10/21 night, satellite chemistry released 3-quarter 2024 report, business income of $32,275 million QC return to normal and raw materials drop price margin ratio continues to improve
By contrast, crude oil prices increased during the three-quarter period, but the price of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates acrylic acrylic acrylic accelerates acrylic acrylic acrylic acid acrelic accelerates after falling at the beginning of the season, and the price of ethylene diol accelerates acupunctures accelerates acupunctures.
Warm. Looking back, we believe that there is a constant trend towards excess natural gas supply in the United States, with a low price for ethane or vinyl. At the same time, the supply and demand of the Acid industry chain has recently recovered, and companies will be fully elasticized by the increase in the esters of the acrylic acid.
The production of the BJP and the continuation of the construction of the new company ' s new project with the combined use of the high-end new materials estate. On July 16, 2024, the company disclosed the announcement on the successful production of phase 1 of the three-phase satellite energy project, with 800,000 tonnes of BJC project in three seasons.
Qualified output, part of post-partum reduction of the acrylic acid unit, and the other part is able to make a market-based increase in the export of butocrate. The company will build new acrylic production capacity at the fast-level lake base and the Kath base for high water-sorting resins and heights.
The previous semi-annual report showed that the company ' s new high-end materials industrial park project was well under way, with a total planned investment of about $26.6 billion, and that the company would adopt a self-researched high-carbon alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons.
Technology, production of 1.7 million tons of high-end polyolefins (magnetized polyethylene) in downstream layouts, where the company ' s ethylene equivalent production can double its current capacity. On August 27, 2024, a satellite chemical announcement was issued to sign six ulec feedstock transport ships with companies under the flag of eps.
Lease agreements for the construction of ships by the latter and the provision of transportation services for ethane raw materials to companies, Lease increases for the second quarter of the year, and the announcement of the α-FOC project discloses the intention to negotiate a tenancy agreement with the sinogas for six vlec raw materials transport vessels.
This is a huge increase in profits for the Golden Year, and the α-vinyl hydrocarbons project has opened up its growth.
The ethylene transporter will provide adequate ethane power security for the company ' s three-phase four-phase project, and the risks associated with fluctuations in prices of public (1) raw materials and major products are expected to result from a slight downward revision of the 2024 profit forecast due to the lower than anticipated demand for the 10 chemicals in gold and silver;
(ii) safe production risks; (iii) environmental protection risks; and (iv) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.