Import duties for ethane are reduced and company costs are expected to benefit 29 December 2024 Event: 28 December 2024, State Council Customs and Excise Committee issued Tariff Exchange 2025
The \triangleright Whole Programme, which introduced a provisional tariff rate for imports below the MFN rate for 935 commodities, promoted green low-carbon development and reduced import duties for ethane, partially recycled copper and aluminium raw materials.
National adjustment of tariff tariff lines in 2025 for selected commodities to increase the import of quality products and expand domestic demand. To enhance the combined effect of the two domestic and international markets, Tariff Adjustment Front 2025
First, it supports technological innovation to lead the development of new-quality productivity and reduces import duties for special-purpose vehicles, such as ethylene-vinyl condensates, rescue trains and car crashes; and second, it safeguards and improves the livelihood of the population and reduces the tariffs on imports of special-purpose vehicles, such as ethylene ethylene vinyl condensates.
Import duties for sodium cyclosilicate, viral vectors for car-t oncological therapy, surgical implantation of nickel titanium alloys, etc.; third, promotion of green low-carbon development and reduction of import tariffs on ethane and some regenerative copper aluminium raw materials.
High levels of openness and solid promotion of high-quality development. 1% provisional rate for ethane imports in 2025. Reductions in tax rates favour cost optimization for companies. \triangleright
Of the 935 commodities that have imported ethane resources in the United States, the most-favoured-nation (MFN) rate for ethane commodities is 2 per cent, the 1 per cent import rate in 2025, and the reduction of import tariffs is favourable to the company Wang San
The project was built with positive results and can grow in the future. 1) \triangleright Research Assistant Lujagi, \triangleright Research Assistant, \tangleright
In the sector park project, a total planned investment of about 25.7 billion yuan was made, consisting mainly of 2.5 million tonnes/year of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, 500,000 tonnes/year of high end polyethylene (meat metal), 2 400,000 tonnes/year of pvc combined use and assembly, 15,000 tonnes/year of concentrated alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons, 50,000 tonnes/year of ultra-molecular polyethylene devices, by-product hydrogen deposition
Carbon resource utilization devices, ng storage tanks, company acceleration of phase 1 of the project, company expected to report a high net profit return of 24q1 in the first quarter of 24 years, construction on a monthly basis, delivery expected in early 2026, with the company maintaining progress on phase 1 of the project.
In addition, eight ulec-ethane transport vessels under phase II have been evaluated in two batches in August and October 2024 in the first quarter of 23: 23q1 performance rings have improved significantly, and the next single building has been built to satisfy the operationalization of the project phase II installation; and 2) satellite energy has produced over 800,000 tons of carbon in three instalments.
With regard to the growth phase-out of 2023/04/29 ethanol project, phase I was put into production in July 2024 and phase II devices were put on a trial production stage in November 3. Satellite chemistry (002648.sz) incident evaluation: needs recovery
In particular, the product meets the company’s own needs and forms an industrial chain of acrylic acid-propylate. \triangleright’s methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.