Increased investment in research and development and innovation gains in the immediate re-Start medicine financial announcement: operating revenue of 181.42 as of 30 September 2018
(b) Realization of non-repatriation net profits of 1,592 million, or 14.22 per cent; net cash flows of 2,088 million, or 21.15 per cent, of operating activities; and roe, 7.78 per cent.
Income and cash flows have continued to grow at a high rate, influenced by increased R & D inputs and alliances, with net profits below expectations; core innovative products are expected to be marketed in the near future, and innovation is expected to enter the harvest period.
1. Short-term costs do not affect core competitiveness, and innovation takes longer. Corporate Maori is due to a lower share of high Maori assistive medicines and a higher share of low Maori gland products, excluding such factors as the comparability of new M&As in 2017.
The rate has declined. The company’s Māori rate will gradually improve as the Auxiliary Medicines are cleared.
The holding company has implemented an employee equity incentive scheme in Hong Kong, which affects management costs and research and development costs. 4. "Ledo's anti-septic period, biopharmaceuticals, RMB 8661.31 million. 3) The joint venture and joint venture have suffered a decline in performance.
5. Esciplane, through a consistency evaluation, is expected to develop: Biopharmaceuticals, Small Molecular Innovations and Consistency Evaluations to further increase inputs and core products entry.
Her 2 vegf, tnf alpha target is in progress. Insulin iii is in progress, and it is expected that key clinical data will be available early in 2019 to declare production.
Wang Jianli [point review] has maintained a high rate of growth in income and cash flows, with net gains below expectations due to increased R & D inputs and associated enterprises; core innovation products are expected to be marketed in the near future and innovation entering the harvest period.
1. End-of-income: high growth in primary income and excellent operating cash flows. A growth in apparent income of 21.99% annually, taking into account the impact of low sales and high turnover, is expected to result in an increase in the ratio of real products to calibre and a decrease in the company ' s Māori ratio. With the clean-up of assistive medicines, the company ' s Māori ratio has declined.
There will be a gradual improvement. The sales cost ratio has increased from 32.70% to 34.33%, as a result of a shift in product prices. 1) The pharmaceutical plate: From affiliates, the core subsidiary Chongqing Pharmacies, Jiangsuvan, etc. has maintained high growth rates, while the Jinzhou O-Hung has been restricted by the use of assistive drugs, and the decline is more pronounced.gland
After the merger, the standard market share has gradually increased. 2) Hospital plates have been affected by jci certifications, and there has been a decline in the profits of the Peni City Hospital, which we believe has begun to improve, leading to an increase in the speed of medical services. 3) Diagnosis and medical equipment plates: Da Vinci's operating robots have remained stable during the procurement cycle.
(i) The cost of research and development has increased significantly: several monocloned antibodies, bioinnovators, organisms, etc.
The cost of research and development amounts to RMB 111.442 million, an increase of RMB 2 over the same period in 2017) and the cost of equity incentives affects profits.
During the reporting period, shareholdings were paid for, affecting management costs and R & D costs totalling RMB 86,613.1 thousand. 3) The performance of joint ventures and joint ventures declined.
Phases; operating losses on micro-medical, healthyharmonyholds, l.p., etc. invested in the joint venture. During the reporting period, there was an increase in the performance of the joint venture ' s national pharmaceutical industry, but due to the above factors, the joint venture returns of the group decreased by 28.357 million yuan compared to the same period in 2017, compared with the same period in 2017.
3. Research and development: Biopharmaceuticals, Small Molecular Innovations and Consistency Evaluations further increased their input, with core products entering the harvest period. 1) Research and development costs totalled RMB 11,14,944.2 million, an increase of 69.65 per cent over the same period in 2017. 2) Biopharmaceuticals: Litochösa single anti-similar drugs are expected to be approved this year.
vegf, tnf alpha targets are in progress. The insulin ii period is under way, and it is expected that key clinical data will be available in early 2019 to declare production. 3) Consistency evaluation: companies choose in the field of treatment of cardiovascular, metabolic and digestive systems, central nervous systems, anti-infection, etc.
Consistency evaluations are conducted on the basis of nearly 50 varieties. Two to three are expected to pass in the near future. Meanwhile, based on the gland’s excellent product line, company import registration has accelerated, with the prospect of later resurfacing in the field of injection drugs: innovative-driven integrated medical groups!
▪ 1. We believe that companies have long proven their capabilities on the basis of business operations. Whether it is based on integration after M & As, on increasing the synergy and strength of the entire medical community, or on sustained R & D investment in long-term thinking about the trend towards industrial development, companies have proven their excellence in the pharmaceutical industry at different levels.
In contrast to the global pharmaceutical industry, China has not yet emerged as a leading pharmaceutical company in the international arena, which is inconsistent with China’s overall national power, and we believe that the Chinese pharmaceutical industry is expected to be represented on the international stage.
1) First, the company ' s long-term and efficient R & D investment to drive innovation. In the context of the global biologics & biosimilar rapid development, the company, after many years of operation, has built a solid product line and became the leader of the country ' s biosimilar, with a layout.
Bio-innovation medicines with autonomous intellectual property rights, which create a system of independent research and development and production, lead to the booming development of Chinese bio-pharmaceuticals and are expected to take their place on the international market.) Second, companies are born with genes that become bigpharma.
To become a top-class global pharmaceutical company, it must have the capacity to screen and integrate projects based on the direction of industrial development, and to build up an excellent M & As team from the start.
China has recently joined the Ich, China's entire drug approval system, health insurance payments, etc., to international interface, and the Chinese market has become more comfortable with international resources!
Third, an excellent management team and talent-selection development system. Starting in 16 years, rein Xinxing was the president of the former Jiangsuwan State, Wu Yi Fung, who started selling and built the country, which was different from the previous president's investment in the long term.
They believe that the re-star medicine is more industrially managed, based on deep integration of the re-star medicine, optimized resource allocation, and more efficient operations. 3, from the point of view of R & D, the company has proven itself to be a leader in the big molecule bio-pharmaceuticals, with a small share.
Innovative medicines and consistency assessments continue to make breakthroughs. 1) As China's first biomedication application for the cd20 target as a biosimilar, a rolling application has been submitted for cfda, and a breakthrough is expected in the course of the year:
2) The three-stage clinical progress of biologically similar drugs for her 2 target points is steady and it is expected that core data will be available and production declared in the second half of 18 years. 3) As the domestic process of declaration and registration of cell therapy is clear, the company is expected to be in the first half of 18 years.
Completing the clinical declaration of cd19car-t. 4) Reorganizing insulin for humans, recombining glyclin, restructuring three stages of clinical progress in Lycón, and it is expected that key data will be available in the course of the year.
5) Innovative biopharmaceuticals: Synchronized clinical work in Taiwan, the United States, and the United States on targets of vegfr2, egfr, pd-1. 6) Small molecular innovators: Vangrams, injections of fn-1501, fcn-437c glue
The M&As are below expectations, and the M&As are below expectations. The M&As have proven their excellence in M&As, but there is uncertainty about M&As for each M&A project.
▪ New products have been approved less than expected: drug approvals in the country have accelerated considerably since the drug review reform, but there are still uncertainties about approvals for specific varieties.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment