Wang Wei-chul (600196.sh/2196.hk)
Corporate performance: company 2018q1-q3 achieved operating income of $18.14 billion, an increase of 40.0 per cent, net profit of $2.09 billion, a gain of 13.4 per cent (after deduction of Yoy-14.2 per cent), and corporate performance was lower than anticipated Rapid growth in overall revenue, with robust endogenous growth: due to the introduction of a new gland in 2017
The company’s revenues have grown rapidly as firms grow. The elimination of new inflows in 2017 compares to an expected 28% increase, with the core pharmaceutical platform Chongqing, Jiangsuwan and Jiangsuwan countries all growing by more than 25% on the same basis, and Da Vinci’s surgical robotics sales are short-term due to the lack of quota policy.
It has been affected, but the latest quota has been put in place and is expected to be restored. The net cash flow of the medical services board is 2.09 billion yuan, yoy + 21.2 per cent, and the company as a whole has performed well.
The net short-term benefits are affected by a number of factors: (1) lower sales of assistive drugs and high levels of Maori and preparations for the sale of biopharmaceuticals have resulted in an increase of 0.8 percentage points to 34.3 per cent in the cost of sales of q3 on a year-on-year basis (3) due to the fact that many of the company ' s bio-like medicines, small molecular innovations, are entering clinical commitment periods.
The share of institutional investors in the share of circulation a q3 R & D costs increased by 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the share payments overlayed with the equity incentives of the macro-hungry, resulting in an increase of 1.9 percentage points to 16.0 per cent in the R & D + management cost rate of the company on a year-on-year basis.
The company's investment earnings are 2.8 per cent lower than in the previous year: the company's Ledochrome antibiotics are in the approval stage and are projected for the year.
The bottom or early next year will be on the market, the company's sales team has been set up, the roll-out has begun, and it is expected to be done gradually over the next year. In addition, the company's response to beads, Adams, Beaps are already in clinical phase three, and multi-innovated ones are in progress.
Clinical, it can be expected that the company will gradually enter the harvest period, and the net profit will return to growth. Profit forecasts: once again, as the company moves into a concentrated investment period in R & D, we cut down on the company’s profit forecast, and the increase in spending has fallen, but the company has a resource advantage as China’s best pharmaceutical platform.
We're looking forward to the long-term development of the company, maintaining the company's a/h share of the “buy-in” proposal.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.