Electronics, other electrons, new expensive lithium-powered batteries, high nickels, three wings of lithium phosphate, power cells, companies developing new engines. Our new energy vehicles are in the start-up phase, multiplying them.
The vehicle-based new energy vehicle has a wide space and is expected to produce more than 750,000 new energy vehicles in 2017, requiring more than 35gwhh in power cells, which are widely used in passenger vehicles and special vehicles, with a doubling of demand.
At the end of 2017, it will reach 9gwh. The phosphate lithium system will receive 1.2 times more state subsidies than the energy density of 115wh/kg. The company uses high nickel ncm 622 as a technical route to lead the industry.
The company has a multi-package model on the Recommended Catalogue for the Extension of New Energy Cars (1st and 2nd instalments) and maintains total equity/flow (million shares) with major new energy automobile enterprises in the country, such as the Nanjing Golden Dragon.
Good partnerships provide a solid foundation for high corporate growth. Everything's interconnected brings new opportunities for lithium primary batteries.
Lithium batteries, among others, are recognized as one of the leading global suppliers of green high-energy lithium batteries at the level of state-of-the-art technology, and lithium manganese batteries are among the highest in the country. Smart meters, smart security, intelligence, home-based, intelligent transportation, especially in the area of tpms and shared bicycles, provide lithium primary batteries.
In order to support McVell's independent search for independence,
Company -- 2017/01/10. Broader capital operating space, companies are planning to transfer 7% of McVell’s equity, and future impact. McWear’s clients are large tobacco companies, with orders from odm, oem and big customers continuing.
Growth, Autonomous brand breakthrough, big room for growth. Lithium power batteries are expensive. Three nickels and two phosphate lithium wings.
One, the power cell became the company's largest major (i) company's development history and achievements.
In 2001, Lithium Million Latitude Energy Co. Ltd. (Little Million Latitude Energes) was founded in Huezhou, and was listed on the Shenzhen Enterprise Board in October 2009, with one of the first 28 business start-ups, stock code: 300014.sz. The company covers lithium primary batteries, storage cells, electric motor power cells and electronic smoke. The company has four major production bases in Guangdongzhou, Hubei Gate, Hong Kong, Taiwan, the United States and Europe.
There are more than 420 research and development teams, including 12 PhDs, covering materials, electrochemistry, electrical subcircuits, as well as specialized teams of technical advisers from both chambers and experts from within and outside the sea.
In collaboration with the universities of Arkansas, Wuhan and South China Polytechnics, the company has always been at the forefront of the lithium battery industry technology. The company has been evaluated as the national torch project focused on high-tech enterprises, the provincial enterprise technology centre and the Lithium Battery Engineering Research and Development Centre in Guangdong Province, with a national laboratory. In February 2017, the fully-owned subsidiary, Hakubei Jinquan New Materials Ltd., was awarded the High-tech Enterprise Certificate.
The company has undertaken several national-level projects and drafting of standards, such as the “Safety Power Lithium-Subthioyl chloride Battery (Foundation Fund for Innovation, Ministry of Science and Technology), the Green High Performance Lithium-Subthioyl chloride Batteries Industrialization Project (National Priority Industrial Restructuring Project) and the “gjb 8173-2015 Standard for Lithium-Subthioyl chloride Cube Batteries General Code.” The company has obtained IS09001, IS014001,
Quality system certifications, such as iso/ts16949, ohsas 18001t, aq/t9006, and product certifications, which meet the rohs directives.
Liu Jin-seong and Mr. and Mr. Koo are indirectly and directly holding 47.96% of the shares of listed companies. Liu Jin-seong, Chairman of the company, has obtained a doctorate in materials physics and chemistry, has more than 30 years of research and production experience in lithium batteries, is a senior expert in lithium batteries and enjoys the government of the State Council.
(iii) Historical performance review. Lithium ion batteries will be the company’s largest major. Over the past few years, the company’s operating income and net profits have steadily increased, reaching $2.34 billion in 2016, of which $776 million, or 11.77 per cent, was earned by lithium primary batteries, and $726 million was earned by the controlling subsidiary McVeil’s operating income.
Lithium batteries have become the company’s most important owner, and there is much room for growth. The company has withdrawn from nickel hydrogen battery business, removed from high-end markets, and has been very profitable. The combined Māori rate for corporate products has stabilized at around 30%. The Māori rate for lithium primary batteries has risen from year to year, reaching 36.23% in 2016, mainly because of technological maturity, progressive automation of production, lower unit production costs, and
Into high-end markets such as smart transport, car electronics. Lithium-powered batteries begin to produce, and production and sales will increase significantly, and profitability will continue to improve. Auto-brand e-smoking is on the market, and big odm customer orders continue to grow and profits increase rapidly.
The power lithium battery is new and expensive, high nickel and phosphate are flying in pairs of wings.
In 2016, we produced more than 28 million cars, the world ' s first, autonomous branded cars, but we are still in a good state of catch-up in the area of vehicle core parts, Chinese enterprises have difficulty accessing the supply chain system of world-renowned automobile companies, our traditional automobile industry is typically large but not strong, and the gap between new energy vehicles and foreign countries is relatively small. In 2016, our new energy vehicle production was 51.7 per cent.
10,000 vehicles, with a cumulative production of more than 970,000 vehicles, leading the world in production. (ii) Building the foundations, policies to give way to the market, the new energy car subsidy program is on the ground. On 30 December 2016, four ministries, namely, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the Ministry of Science and Technology and the UNDP Development and Rehabilitation Commission, were officially launched.
Publication of the Circular on the Adjustment of Policies for the Application of Fiscal Subsidy for the Promotion of New Energy Vehicles. The Circular proposes a 20% reduction in subsidies for passenger vehicles, a 40% reduction in subsidies for passenger vehicles, a 20% reduction in subsidies for special vehicles, a 50% reduction in local subsidies, a direct correlation between the concentration of battery quality, and the requirement for fuel saving rates for mixed power cars.
The complex market expectations, and the very detailed requirements for a breakdown of the market, indicate that the government has made an adequate adjustment to the new subsidy policy, and that the policy has given rise to a clear market agenda.
The Carbon Quota is intended to lead the industry to market, with “advanced” subsidies, “advanced” new energy vehicle incentives, ensuring that the new energy car industry continues to develop after the State subsidy policy has withdrawn. The State also issued a road map for energy efficiency and new energy vehicle technology, which further clarifies the development of new energy vehicles.
Short-term plan: By 2020, new energy cars will be sold at 7 per cent of the total, and new energy cars will be sold at 40 per cent of the total. This shows that the new energy automobile industry is still in the process of being nurtured and started, and that the future will be illustrated in figure 12: Road map for energy conservation and new energy vehicles
The annual volume of cars is 35 million, the annual size of cars is 30 million, and the annual size of cars is 38 million.
The overall fuel consumption of the car was reduced to 4l/100kr, the overall fuel consumption of the car was reduced to 3.21/1 and the overall fuel consumption of the car was reduced to 51/100km >
*According to the six emission criteria by the five emission criteria of the country of use Circulation adjustment, application to the seven emission criteria
The average fuel consumption of commercial vehicles has been reduced by more than 10 per cent, and the average fuel consumption of commercial vehicles has been reduced by more than 15 per cent.
It's probably a recent comparison of 300 years, with 40% annual sales of energy-efficient cars.
Eusenian car sales exceed 7 per cent of the total annual sales of new energy vehicles by 15 per cent of the total annual sales of new energy vehicles.
Skeane's annual vehicle sales exceed the total sales by 40, the rate of full communications terminal equipment has increased to 80 per cent, the rate of full communications connectivity terminal equipment has reached 10 per cent, the infrastructure of intelligent transport systems has been completed, and the rules and standards of intellectual valuation have been perfected.
5 Up to 50 per cent of the total number of vehicles by the end of communication interconnection, 50 per cent of the market for amamine aids (da), partial autopilot (pa) vehicles, stable vehicle occupancy, and about 10-20 per cent of vehicles with a high propriety (ha)
Nearly 10% of the total autonomous driving chain 80% of the low carbon consumption and management system 80% of the national life-time pass management system
The total emissions from car busts peaked by 2028 and the energy consumption per unit gdp decreased by 201 and the energy consumption per unit gdp decreased by 359
The unit of gdp energy consumption drops in sg, the initial formation of a system of auto-innovation based on firm ownership, market orientation, a strong combination of political science, cross-industry synergies and deep-seated auto-innovation, 80 per cent of traffic efficiency in ordinary traffic, 80 per cent reduction in traffic disruptions, 90 per cent reduction in traffic accidents, 20 per cent reduction in motor traffic emissions.
Essentially, autonomy can be built in line with the complete car industry chain and the green, intelligent transport system Automated intelligent transport cities, network-based design, manufacturing, service-physical engineering, digital networking intelligence for the lifetime of cars. Initial upgrading of the automobile industry has been completed.
The initial formation of an intelligent traffic transfer system that can achieve "crypting bowls, writing casualties, writing failures."
8. Light receiver ' s technological innovation system for automobiles, with innovative and resource chains around which light strips are broken / 6. (iii) pure power drive is the mainstream, with three main routes for new cars: one is pure electric power, which means lithium cells are driven by storage devices; and the other is mixed power, which means oil mix.
Co-drivers; three are fuel cells, which are fuel-driven by hydrogen, which is a major constraint on the production of fuel cells in the area of new energy vehicles, owing to the fact that fuel cell catalysts use cobalt-based metallic platinum and proton exchange membranes, the price of batteries, their immature technology, and the difficulty of transporting hydrogen gas. As a result, our country is mainly following pure electric and hybrid power lines.
By the end of 2016, 751,000 pure electric vehicles and 222,000 hybrid vehicles had been produced. At present, our new energy vehicles are concentrated in restricted cities, Beijing is promoting pure power, Shanghai is dominated by hybrid power, and new energy vehicles will be directed to other restricted cities, and they are large and fast.
The city clearly states that most or all of the new buses in the future will be new, and that the penetration rate in the city ' s public transport market will be close to 26%. The new bus will grow slightly. In the city ' s area of exclusive use of cars, there will be only a purely electric model, and it will be in the initial stages, a replacement space for the future.
(iv) Irreversible process of globalization of new energy cars. Global trends in car conservation, electricization and intelligence are unstoppable. Of the many new energy automobiles, Tesla's pure electric motors are undoubtedly the most advanced, with the current model Modes/mode1x/mode13, which uses three-dollar power cells and is built in the United States.
Toyota, Japan, also has a lithium battery pure electric car program, with a new vehicle with a range of 300 km or more. The public will launch about 20 units, including plug-in hybrids for pure electric cars. The BMW3 mix and pure electric vehicles, i8 pure electric vehicles, etc., are high-end new energy vehicles overseas.
After many years of research and development, giants have been settling, accelerating the introduction of new energy vehicles since 2017, and the process of globalization of new energy vehicles has accelerated.
The main problems encountered in the early stages of the development of the new energy automobile industry are: (1) safety: (2) excessive prices for automobile sales: (3) zero basis for charging facilities: (4) short duration of voyages. The second problem is best solved by direct government subsidies to consumers. The bus market is a very good entry point. (1) centralized management is convenient.
This makes “safeness” the most central indicator for assessing new energy buses. The phosphate lithium power cell is recognized as the safest battery in industry and is less costly, so pure electricity is the market for phosphate lithium technology.
With consumers' awareness of pure electric cars and the fact that some urban recharge facilities already have a certain foundation, “relay mileage” has become the most important indicator for private consumers, and the energy density of lithium batteries is the most important factor influencing the continuation of new energy vehicles, which is the advantage of tripods.
(ii) Estimated requirements for power cells, based on the above analysis of new energy vehicles and a breakdown of the market, we make the following assumptions about the demand for batteries for different types of vehicles: (1) by car: pure electric vehicles will be divided into mainstream products, one small vehicle type, and one long-duration mileage model, with average battery capacity
Approximately 35kwh/car: mixed power vehicle: 15kwh/car. (2) Bus: the new energy bus market will shift to large vehicles, with a pure electric bus average battery capacity of about 130kwh/car: a hybrid bus averaged 28kwh/car. (3) Specialized vehicles are dominated by urban logistics vehicles, with an average battery capacity of about 50kwh/car. According to the published Road and Motor Vehicle Promotion Directory and the New Energy Vehicle Extension should be implemented.
Using the list of recommended models (1st and 2nd batch), in the area of power-infused hybrid passenger vehicles, the use of lithium manganese acid and lithium phosphate batteries is mainly based on the low demand for both future sales and single-car batteries, which are now fully denominated as lithium phosphate. The tri-dollar power cell has been used in the combined power supply vehicle and passenger vehicles, and we believe that the ratio of tri-power batteries in each type of vehicle is increasing year by year.
In the context of replacement, and with the cumulative 5 million new energy vehicles by 2020, we estimate the demand for power cells: the three-dollar power cell is growing faster, the demand for pure electric vehicles and special vehicles is higher, conservatively estimated to double in 2017 than in 2016, and the demand will exceed that of the phosphate lithium cell in 2018. The phosphate lithium base is large, slow and pure electric passenger vehicles.
The demand is the largest. Power cell demand is expected to exceed 35gw for the entire year 2017. If the country’s target of 2 million units by 2020 is met, the demand for power cells will reach 90gwh in one year. So, we think that even a 10% annual reduction in the price of power batteries will be a huge market, with power batteries opening up to a golden opportunity.
(iii) Full product, rapid expansion of production capacity, and clear competitive advantages, according to the plans of some mainstream battery plants, the capacity of our lithium battery production is expanding rapidly, the industry is facing excess mid- and low-end capacity, high-end capacity is inadequate or absent, and industry integration is ahead of schedule. The company's many years of research experience in the lithium battery field has purchased almost the world.
There are state-of-the-art fully automated production lines, which provide a solid basis for the development of the powered lithium batteries. Depending on the type of batteries: power cells include, inter alia, triples, phosphate lithium, manganese lithium and titanium lithium. Depending on the shape of the product: square crust, cylindrical column, and soft bag. The company ' s current product covers tris and phosphate lithium, which is dominated by cylindrical cylinders, and plans to develop soft packagings, phosphate lithium is a rectangular hard shell.
With a capacity of 3.5 gwh, it is expected to reach 5-6 gwh by June 2017 and 9 gwh by 2017. In product classification, as well as expansion of capacity, the company is in the forefront of the industry, and there is considerable room for growth.
(iv) High nickel trincm and 622 power cells lead currents. The trinity power cell uses high nickel ncm and 622 positive poles, and is one of the few producers in the country. Tesla leads the world’s new energy vehicles, and in 2016 sold more than 76,000 vehicles, the public’s Golf, bmi3/8 series, Ford Fox, etc.
Using the equivalent capacity of a three-dollar battery, it consumes fewer cells, both positive and negative, diaphragms and electrolytes, and the battery size and weight are smaller, bms are relatively simple, allowing for light quantification of new energy vehicles; if the battery is of the same weight, the high energy density of the three-dollar battery has a larger capacity and travels further miles.
For the best choice in the area of vehicle use, 2017 will be the year of a real domestic three-dollar high nickel outbreak, with companies taking the lead and laying the foundation for the next generation of higher nickel power cell production. (v) The phosphate lithium product could be upgraded to 1.2 times the national supplement.
Four ministries, including the Ministry of Finance, jointly issued a circular on the adjustment of fiscal subsidies for the promotion of new energy vehicles, which highlights the linkage of energy intensity to the amount of subsidies, with high-energy-density power cells being the focus of attention. Through product upgrades, companies have achieved an energy density of lf68 and lf90 lithium ion batteries of more than 145wh/kg, and battery systems have been lightly quantified using composite materials.
Energy density can reach more than 115wh/kg, meeting the target of 1.2 times the central fiscal subsidy standard. (vi) Upstream raw material price increases, with limited impact. Upstream lithium batteries include numerous industries such as lithium carbonate, cobalt, electrolyte, copper and graphite.
There will be a significant increase in the demand for cobalt in the market. The amount of cobalt-tetraoxide used in the three-dollar material rose from 200,000/tons to 38-400,000/tons at the beginning of the year, and the amount of cobalt sulphate (20-21%) increased from 5-66,000 to 107,000-111,000/tons. However, the cobalt metal content in the three-dollar material is not high, and the smaller the nickel ratio, the smaller the price of the high nickel-type three-ton batteries will be further reflected in the price of lithium carbonate.
The grid is stable around 130,000 tons, the diaphragms, electrolytes, etc. are subject to different levels of price reduction, and as the size of the company ' s production expands, the spread of its costs is decreasing, and the cost of the company as a whole will not increase. (vii) Customers recognize that the market is safe.
In June 2016, the company entered the Directory of Enterprises for the Standard Conditions of the Automotive Battery Industry (Box 4), where a cumulative total of 56 companies entered to pre-empt the company’s market. In 2017, the Directory of Recommendations for the Extension of New Energy Cars (Batch 1 and 2) was published, with a total of six units of company-backed models, covering two new energy vehicles and four special vehicles.
Since 2016, companies have stepped up the power cell market, first in number in the area of motor vehicle production enterprises and products. Cooperation with a number of well-known companies in the country, including Nanjing.
At the beginning of 2017, the company and the Nanjing Kinlong signed the Strategic Cooperation Agreement, which applies to new-energy motor power cell products, and became strategic partners, creating long-term cooperation mechanisms for the development of a new energy vehicle market.
It is expected that Nanjing Kinglong will purchase power cells from the company for the entire year 2017 at a value of 1 billion. This is a solid foundation for the company's growth in 2017.
(i) Fully produced, technologically leading products such as lithium/manganese dioxide, lithium/mulfuride, and primary lithium batteries and spc. Products such as the company ' s lithium sub-cells are internationally advanced in terms of key indicators such as battery capacity, voltage stabilization, low self-discharge rates, long storage periods and safety performance.
In addition, the company is the lead drafter of the National Military General Code for Lithium-Subthioyl chloride Cube Batteries, which leads to the military application of lithium primary batteries. With automating the lithium primary battery production line, the company’s Māori ratio may increase further.
Lithium power batteries are new and expensive, with high nickel trio and phosphate lithium flying in two wings and (ii) new opportunities are created by the interconnectivity of everything. Lithium primary batteries are widely used in smart meters, smart security, smart homes, smart traffic, data storage, etc.
Smart meters are one of the smart network data acquisition infrastructure, with primary data collection, computing and transmission tasks, and are the basis for information integration, analysis and optimization. New energy measurement systems in the country, the country’s proposal of “four forms” and smart cities are developing, at the promotion stage, and the market is wide.
Smart traffic (its) makes the interaction between people, cars, and roads in the transport system new ways. The company has become the main power provider in the area of its, and will continue to grow rapidly.
Management; (2) vehicle sharing, the shared economy is permeating at all levels of society, sharing the success of bicycles and further stimulating the rapid development of shared cars, which is an important new market; (3) tpms, September 2016, the mandatory national standard " Performance requirements and test methods for the control of tyre pressure systems by vehicle " , which adopted a technical review, marking the upcoming regulatory implementation phase of the tpms product; (4)
Wireless geomagnetism, rapid diffusion of smart parking systems, and wide reference to wireless magnetics; (5) e-call, AERS e-calll applications on cars are becoming more widespread. New requirements in the automobile industry have created a huge incremental market for company operations. (iii) The acquisition of Fou Ante, with significant synergies.
On 23 December 2016, the company signed an Investment Framework Agreement with Wuhanvu Ante Technologies Ltd., whereby the company would obtain full ownership of Fou Ant with a post-investment valuation of not more than RMB 15 million, and the company would obtain 16.979 per cent of Fou Ant ' s shares through pre-replenishment in order to enhance the market competitiveness of the lithium cell, strengthen its leadership in this area, facilitate the consolidation of industry resources, and achieve strategic synergy.
V. Strategic adjustment of e-smoking operations (i) to transfer a portion of McWear ' s equity in 2014, the company signed with McWear ' s shareholders the “Billions of Latitudes in Huezhou” with Chen Zhiping, Bear Shaming, Wang Jian Liang,
In 2016, McVell issued a total of 3.3 million yuan renminbi in ordinary shares, with a total of 63.3 million shares. The company did not subscribe to the new shares in McVell, which fell to 47.49 per cent.
In order to support McWear’s independence in seeking a wider scope for capital operations, and in the context of the company’s focus on the development needs of its main industry, the company signed a Memorandum of Understanding with seven of its shareholders, in addition to McWear’s support for McWear’s independence, to transfer 7% of McWear’s shares to Chen Zhiping. By the end of the first quarter of 2018, the company could also reduce McWear’s shareholding to less than 30%.
As a financial investor, McVell’s shares continue to be held. The investment returns of this transfer of 7% of McWear’s shares are substantial, with positive effects on company profits in 2017. (ii) Improved profitability of e-smoking
In the United States, companies have established partnerships with several of the top 10 tobacco brands, including important clients such as njoy, logic, the continued involvement of large tobacco companies, the growing share of sales of electronic tobacco brands under the umbrella of tobacco companies, and an increasingly concentrated market pattern that came into effect for the company for the month, although the Act provides stricter regulations for the regulation of electronic tobacco, owing to the limited shares of the subsidiary Shenzhen McVell.
The Division’s main clients are large tobacco companies, and the Odm major customers’ orders continue to grow. At the same time, the company’s products have successfully entered the European market, which is the main incremental market for odm and oem. In the first quarter of 2016, vapresso brands of tobacco were pushed to the terminal market, gained good slogans and market influences, successfully opened the market, and there was much room for growth. In 2016, operating revenues were $726 million, a year-on-year increase.
(iii) The size of the e-smoking market, the growing maturity of overseas markets. The 2012 World Tobacco Development Report notes that tobacco control and control are more severe globally.
The world's smoking population and tobacco consumption continue to grow steadily in a persistently depressed economic environment. Electronic tobacco is used as a new tobacco product.