Highly autonomous, leading the national cpu ecology, 20 June 2022.
One of the country's first general processors series was developed in 2001 at the Institute of Central Science and Technology, with strong support from the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the National Fund for Natural Sciences, the 863, 973 Nuclear High Bases, etc. The company has introduced an autonomous command system that has mastered all source generations of cpuip nuclear.
It has the core of operating systems and basic software. The company has covered more than 100 ministries in the field of government and business. It has also achieved multi-manufacturers in the areas of finance, transport, energy, etc., moving away from structural dependence.
After that, the core abandoned the mips and loongisa sets of instructions, using a 100% self-researched stream which was completed by the end of 2020 and was sold in May 2021.
The power system built on the relatively open mips command system and expanded hundreds of custom-defined instructions, forming the mips compatibility command system, loongisa, which was applied to the multi-money cpu chip. From 2018 to 2020, the company sold the main product based on the mips command system.
The annual and 2023 sales revenue relative to the Mips command system will reach about 70 per cent and 90 per cent, respectively, and will no longer be sold in 2024 based on the mips command system, extending down the industry chain and building a complete ecology: the company is operating at the core of the system and basic software.
There is a high degree of autonomous innovation in the technical field. The company now has two basic versions of the operating system: loongnix for desktop and server applications and loongos for terminal and control applications.
A system-to-hardware binary compatible with the application-to-use binary compatibility and optimization is achieved by perfecting the application programming framework.
. The company matches the main operating system in the country on the desktop and on the server end, is in the country’s first echelon, and the self-researched loongarch has started to be released.
Investment advice: The company has the highest degree of autonomy in the country. Keep in mind that the company continues to innovate, not to lose its chip performance, and to extend downstream to create a complete ecosystem of hardware plus software that does not use expectations, the risk of Māori fluctuations, the risk of patents and litigation, and the company's revenue.
Risks of weak capacity, increased competition in the market.
At present, the company is based on two main lines of information systems and industrial control systems for industrial ecological construction, with partners in the areas of network security, office and business information, engineering control and property networking.
With full market cooperation, the series of products has been widely used in the fields of e-government, energy, transport, finance, telecommunications, education, etc. The "Ringer" series is one of the first generic processors to be developed in the country. It was developed in 2001 at the Institute of Central Science, with strong support from the Chinese Academy, the National Fund for Natural Sciences, and 863, 973, Nuclear High Bases, etc.
The Division introduced an autonomous command system, with all the source codes of the cpuip nuclear, the core of the operating systems and basic software. In the early stages of company development, the company developed and provided hardware modules based on company chip products, in addition to the main chip business, owing to the low acceptance of core products by downstream users, and based on considerations such as fostering markets, opening users, etc.
Through years of accumulation and expansion, customers’ acceptance of hard core products has gradually increased, the ring has expanded, and companies have gradually scaled down hardware modules and technical services operations, focusing on chip development and marketing.
1.2 The technical team is highly productive and has a stable equity structure. Most of the company’s core technical staff have been involved in the development of the core core processor since its inception, and its members have a wealth of research and development experience and significant scientific research and have taken on a number of high nuclear-based topics.
The ownership structure of the company is stable, and the controlling share is concentrated. Hu Wei Wu and Jin are couples, Hu Wei Wu hold 47.67% of the share of the child core and the first shareholder invest 15.02% of the share of the partnership. Hu Wei Wu and Jin Hung invest 33.61% of the voting rights of the child core source and core source, and the country's combined control company, China's child core.
In 2020, the company increased its research and development investment to further develop the next generation of bridge chips, the next generation of 3a5,000 chips, and the accompanying chip, along with the 3a4000 series of chip applications and product suitability, and therefore the company ' s research and development costs.
This represents an increase of 130.16 per cent in the same year. In 2021, the company ' s R & D costs were higher, mainly due to the fact that the R & D of the 3a5,000 series of chip products entered a critical phase and that the company increased its R & D investment to enable it to validate and apply its products in the desktop and server areas; and to strengthen its R & D of basic software and forward-looking exploration techniques to provide a technological reserve for ecological construction and future development.
In 2021, the revenues from the sale of industrial chips increased steadily as a result of policies promoting the continued improvement of the relevant industrial environment and the expansion of the company ' s production of industrial chip products, as well as the diversification of the market in the area of application disaggregation. In the second half of 2021, the informationization chip was switched to the 3a5,000 series, with the use of the Loongarch command system in the 3a5,000 series, the complete manufacturer and the operating system.
In the first quarter of 2022, the company’s information-based customers were in the receiving and inspection phase of centralized delivery to end-users, the procurement of new batches was delayed, and product delivery was affected by the epidemic.
The increase in the number of employees paid by the company resulted in higher sales costs, higher R & D costs, net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company in January-March 2022, net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses, a decrease of 41.74 per cent in the same year, and II, self-controlled scarce targets, respectively
2.1 The command set is the top-level design instruction for cpu, which is the core of computer computing and control. It is the core hardware module for all hardware resources (e.g. storage, input output units) of the computer, which is controlled deployment and general computing; and, at the same time, all software layers of the computer system are operated, with the highest possible level of control.
The command system maps the operation to cpu. At the hardware level, the hardware system in cpu is primarily designed to perform the function of each command and solves the connection between the commands, so the command system is the language system for computer hardware, which determines the basic functionality of the computer.
The set of instructions and microstructures is the core intellectual property rights (IPRs) created by a company that has developed a new cpu. A generic cpu is to be completed into various kinds of computing, reasoning, judgement, and control, with fewer orders of dozens, more hundreds, and the assembly of cpu's various instructions is called cpu's command set. It defines the way in which the cpu works and the hardware shelves within the cpu are to be adapted to it.
This hardware structure is called cpu's microstructure. The command set is a top-level design code for cpu, and the microstructure is this top-level physical realization, which can be achieved in a variety of ways, and the method of achieving it can change. The generic cpu architecture contains the cpu command set and the microstructure.
According to the set of instructions used, cpu can be divided into two categories: complex command set (cisc) and streamlined command set (risc). The complex command set structure and streamlined command set structure are designed on the basis of two different command set lines, each of which have its own distinctive characteristics: complex command set command is rich, location is flexible, micro-process controllers are at its core, and command length is possible.
Change, powerful, complex program implementation is efficient; streamlined command set command structure is simple, easy to design, with a high performance efficiency ratio. Of these, x86 structure is representative of complex command set, while arm architecture, mips architecture, alpha architecture, etc. are representative of streamlined command set. With the introduction of modern processor microstructure technology, the fundamental difference in command set architecture is ecological, whereas the fundamental difference is ecological.
For performance and power, there are more differences in microstructures. 2.2 Self-controlled leaders, self-research cpu achieves release, develop a new command set and microstructure, which is equivalent to creating a community in the cpuchi river.
A company has developed a new cpu, which means creating a new command set and microstructure, not only that the cpu chip of a company forms a user group, but also that the company may authorize other companies to develop the cpu chip and form the corresponding user group b, c, d, etc. The new command set and microstructure can develop a cpu chip family, creating a chip user cluster, as if
There's a gang of schools. Command sets and microstructures are well designed, cpu's performance is good, more users, more fans, and the community thrives.
Use hierarchical authorization. If a company has a structure authorization and an ip nuclear authorization, it can create its own inner nuclear structure on the basis of the arm command set, as needed, and can add pieces of internal and external content such as communication interfaces, monitor control interfaces, gpio, etc. to produce its own "processor chip."
From the point of view of the cpu chip, the introduction of an authorized structure does not imply mature self-research and internalization, but still faces a certain risk of “strangulation”. At present, most of the national product cpu follows an authorized route, with only two entirely autonomous sets of instructions in the country. One is sw64, used by the Schenwig cpu.
Alpha command set, but later Shinwe launched 100% self-researched sw64 command set, and abandoned the original alpha command set. The second was the middle core, and the company was authorized by Mips at the earliest, and later expanded to form loongisa on the basis of mips, but after the recent release of 3a5,000, the core abandoned the mips and loongisa command set and adopted it.
100% self-researched set of loongarch directives. The company ' s loongarch command system, through an intellectual property assessment by the Chinese Institute for the Development of the Electronic Information Industry, an authoritative third-party body in the country, identified the loongarch command system as different from alpha, arm, mips, power, rsc-v, x86
. Loongarch is an autonomous command system that takes full account of compatible needs. The definition takes full account of the features of the key command systems, such as mips, x86, arm, rsc-v, and is more autonomous, advanced, extended and compatible. With regard to autonomy, the loongarch command system ranges from top-level planning of the entire structure to functional definition of the components.
The Loongarch command system incorporates the latest results of the evolution of modern command systems, is more efficient, and the same source code compilation translates it into the mips previously supported by Loongarch compared to the log core, with a 10-20% reduction in the number of dynamic instructions.
From the very beginning of the development, the middle core has chosen a more open command system, combined with a self-research model, extending hundreds of self-defined instructions on the basis of a relatively open mips command system that empowers the system, forming the mips compatible guidance system, loongisa, which has been used in multiple cpu chips. From 2018 to 2020, the company's main product base was sold.
After 2020, the company introduced an autonomous command system, loongarch (long core structure). The company expects sales revenue to reach about 70 per cent and 90 per cent in 2022 and 2023, respectively, not related to the mips command system, and will no longer sell commercial products based on the mips command system in about 2024.
The bottom-up extension of the industrial chain and the construction of a complete ecology 3.1 is at the heart of the most powerful moated river industry, building an autonomous, safe and advanced ecological system with cpu and operating systems at its core.
The U.S. Department of Commerce, through the List of Entities, has continued to impose a restrictive blockade and pressure on Chinese enterprises to curb the development of China's core technology in the field of information technology, highlighting the importance and urgency of national production and autonomous innovation in key technologies. As a result, Cpu and operating systems have risen to a national strategy in their entirety.
The industry is surrounded by a large number of hardware and software enterprises (e.g. memory, hard drives, card, whole machines, applications), which have developed a large user base. In the cpu ecology, it is the ecological leader who decides about the user’s habits and how to upgrade the industry.
Intel and Microsoft determine computer usage habits and upscaling. For example, Google, arm, apples determine cellular usage and upscaling.
Wintel secures control of downstream producers by tying up and selling hardware; and intel takes market voice as a chip-idm manufacturer. Microsoft offers different levels of product in software applications and games at the professional level to compete with adobe, sap, oracle, sas like dynamic, sqlserver, sskype, etc. in the software market.
Intel, an absolute advantage for app developers, has become the most technologically powerful firm in the entire semiconductor industry. Moreover, the double oligarchs have brought with them a huge investment in technologically leading bottom-down software to optimize soft and hardware efficiency in the market, creating domestic confidence based on autonomous innovations in core components of the key link, and in the party-military and the concerned country’s vital activities.
The pilot industry has provided a fertile ground for practical innovation for national producers of it, thereby gradually establishing autonomous bottom-level structures and standards for the optimal upgrading of the entire industry chain.
The company has achieved a high degree of autonomous innovation in core technical areas of operating systems and basic software. In core basic software areas such as nuclear, compilers, java,.net, video players, browsers, etc., complete support for the core core core sequence processor and supporting chips, on the basis of which the mainstream open source software is migrated to the core core system for software.
The company currently has two basic operating systems for desktop and server applications and for terminals and controls. On the basis of the two above-mentioned operating systems, the binary compatibility of operating systems across hardware is achieved through a unified system architecture, and the binary compatibility and optimization of applications is achieved through improved application programming frameworks.
The two above operating systems, two compatible and optimized software eco layouts, and the core centralization of information technology systems and industrial ecology independent of the Wintel and aa systems, are oriented towards informatization and industry-specific needs, including, but not limited to, computers (desktops, notebooks, single machines),
Servers, storage, cloud computing, secure products for network communications, industrial Internet, industrial applications, etc.
The company has covered more than 100 ministries in the area of government and business, and has achieved multi-plants in the areas of finance, transport, energy, etc. The important application terminals of cpu are, from the terminal point of view, desktops and servers.
In the area of domestic servers, according to idc data, Chinese server market sales reached $25.9 billion in 2021, an increase of 12.7 per cent over the previous year, and continued to rise globally. In 2021, the volume of shipments reached 3,911,000, an increase of 8.4 per cent over the previous year.
Quick, but the market share is still less than 5%, and there is much room for growth. The company has adapted to the mainstream operating system on the desktop and on the server end, is in the country’s first echelon, and the self-researched loongarch has begun to grow.
A total of 2,642 million yuan will be raised. The company will use either its own funds or debt financing to replenish the amount invested in the project. The advanced chip development and industrialization project will continue to produce the next generation of products at the current process node, based on the existing 3a5,000 desktop and 3c5,000l server-oriented processors.
The high-performance graphic processor chip and system development project will combine the need for universal computing, especially for artificial intelligence applications, with the development of a new generation of fully autonomous, generic, high-extensible gpgpu chip products and software and hardware systems, which will be developed in the following ways:
Accelerating objects expand from simple graphic renderings to scientific computing, increasing arithmetic density while reducing unit computing power consumption, and, on that basis, effectively support different types of artificial intelligence algorithms, such as visual, speech, natural language, and traditional machine learning. Once this project is completed, synergies will be created with the company’s cpu product, further enhancing the firm’s core competitiveness.
Profit forecasting based on the following main assumptions: 1) Industrial control chip operations are increasing at a steady rate; 2) customer acceptance of the company self-research instruction set of loongarch is increasing, company substitution of mips is progressing well, and information is becoming available
Cpu is the most autonomous company in the country. Watch the company continue to innovate, improve its chip performance, and move downstream.
Risks of less advanced R & D, less applied by the market to corporate self-research directives, the risk of volatility of Maori rates, the risk of patents and litigation, the risk of weak collection capacity of companies, and the risk of increased competition in the market