Lead national cpu manufacturer, full-scale autoeconomy, middle core (688047.sh) and leading domestic self-direction group cpu manufacturer, covering the first time that a "buy-in" rating has been given
The company, as the leading home-grown self-directed cpu manufacturer, benefits highly from the trend towards national production, and industrial and information-based chips are expected to grow at a high rate. The company’s ipo investment funds are mainly invested in advanced chip development and industrialization projects, high-performance generic graphic processor chips, and systems development projects.
The industry is scarce, with the first “buy-in” rating. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The dragon core series 1, dragon core series 2, dragon core series 3 processor and ancillary chips have been introduced for different applications. Starting in 2021, the company began a new process of autonomous eco-building, and the company's chip products have been used extensively in safety equipment, e-government, energy, transport, finance, education, etc., forming a package.
A system of autonomous and controlled information industries is being developed that includes thousands of enterprises. It is highly autonomous, with the same type of cpu level in the country, and most of the cpu enterprises in the country are mainly based on arm or x86 command systems for integration into existing foreign information technologies.
In July 2021, the company introduced the 3a5,000 series processor based on the Loongarch system of Loongarch, and 3a5,000 Specpu 2006 and unixbench test scores were already available, based on the results of tests conducted by the third-party testing agency in the country.
In addition, the company has launched a processor for the server area of 3c5,000, 16 core chip unixbench with a value of 9500, with a double-precision capacity of 560 gflops. According to the company’s product road map, the company will push in 2023.
The core is the leading self-directed cpu manufacturer in the country, which is supported by the Chinese Academy of Sciences in the fields of intellectual innovation, 863, 973 and nuclear heights.
Ten years of technological accumulation have been completed. (2) In 2010, with co-financing by the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Beijing City Government, the log cores began to market and industrialize their research and development. The aim is to develop processor products that meet the needs of households and are competitive in the market, including on an early basis, on the basis of the experimental development of the calculations.
Since then, the Dragon Cube has been developing and developing new products in accordance with market demand.
cpu and the key core technologies of the operating system, cpu performances approaching market mainstream cpu levels and significant applications in the areas of security, e-government, energy, transport, finance, education, etc., form an industrial chain that includes thousands of businesses, and autonomously controlled information industry systems are being developed.
Figure 1: The development history of the core is divided into three phases in 2001 and the development of support for the core cpu • 863, 973, nsfc, major nuclear high-level specializations, etc., started at the China and China Institute of Statistics and completed almost a decade of technological accumulation.
In 2010, the core team began a market transformation — combining the market to transform Academy technology into a product, forming two market parties for industrial control and information.
• National projects during the “12th Five-Year” period mainly supported the introduction of cpu technology — the “ten-fold” cross-over of cpu performance and sales revenue during the “13th Five-Year” period.
• The system has access to key core technologies in cpu and operating systems, and cpu performance is approaching the market mainstream level of cpu — applications in safety equipment, e-government, energy, transport, finance, education, etc. • Industrial chains, including thousands of enterprises, are forming autonomous and manageable information industry systems.
The chip developed by the company consists of a combination of three series of core 1, core 2, core 3, core, and bridge chips. Dragon core 1 is a low-power, low-cost ad hoc embedded soc or mcu processor, usually integrated into a 32-bit low-power processor core, and the application scene is directed towards embedded specialized applications, such as end-of-life.
Ends, instrumentation, data collection, etc. Low-power processor cores, application scenes for industrial control and terminals, such as network equipment, industry terminals, dragon core 3 series of high-performance generic processors, usually integrated into 4 and above 64-digit high-performance processors
Nuclear, in conjunction with the bridge chip, the application of which is directed towards information areas such as desktops and servers. Complemented chips include the bridge chip and the unsold power chip, clock chip, etc., which is used and sold mainly with the core 3 series processor, the power chip and clock chip are used mainly with the core 2,
The cores, such as the one-core series 1, the two-core series 2, the three-core series, and the seven-packed bridge; the y-letters, representing the different subcategories in the series, are generally used to distinguish between the different sub-applications and/or numbers; the zzzz-digits, representing the intergenerational level of the chip.b: Type A in the core series 3 products is mainly applied to the desktop, b- and c-type.
The central core has established two main industrial chain systems: information systems (pc, servers, etc.) and industrial control systems (industry, netting, and networking). The industry is broken down into e-government offices, business informatization, finance, transport, etc.
E-government offices, mainly around systems such as public exchange, archival systems, internal portals, secure mail, agency services, performance appraisals, etc., have increased the efficiency of e-government offices and have been calculated from chips, clouds, etc.
In the area of finance, there are three main types of applications: financial instruments, financial office systems, and financial operations systems.
Of these, high reliability and real-time requirements for financial office/operational systems are high-quality applications in the field of informationization. Companies are gradually developing landing programmes covering financial operations monitoring platforms, banking core services, secure payment platforms, etc., e.g., digital financial operations monitoring platforms, financial one-stop shops (bank core industry).
In its 2021 financial project, the Hong Kong Bank has launched innovative applications based on the Dragon-Crystal Programme.
The core program has gained more than 30 new institutional selections, covering desktops, servers, financial devices, etc. In the field of industrial control, smart instrumentation, robotics, etc., the core processors have accumulated in a variety of industrial embedded Internet fields, providing high performance, high integration, and very low power for consumer electronics and industrial Internet.
In October, Zhejiang moved to complete the production of the dragon core 3a5,000 terminal at the Red Flag Road office in Huzhou, and in October, Zhejiang moved.
The customer center application of the production environment, the database of the customer center of the lake state city, has been safely migrated to the dragon-core 3c5,000l architecture server, and the log-core database server has been operating steadily and performing well on the back-line. In China, further cooperation between mobile and hard-core Chinese departments will take place in areas such as industry 5g, intelligence, physical networking, and future communities.
In the area of transport, the dragon core cpu has been widely used in the areas of high-speed, subway, road traffic. For example, the core traffic control system has been deployed in the field of fertilization of the badge, Angkian, Guangdong Cloud, etc., 3a5,000 engineering-controlled computing machines have been deployed in the field of tc lanes such as Penxi, and 3c5,000l for the high-speed fog area early warning data processing system, etc.
In the energy industry, the Core Central Section has carried out extensive ecological construction to provide users with solutions ranging from cpu chips, industrial cards, peripheral equipment, industry-specific equipment, to bottom-level development tools, embedded operating systems, and system-wide applications from chip, card, equipment upholstery and system applications.
In the field of medical care, the middle core medicine provides a wealth of medical solutions products: medical operations systems and end-of-life equipment. The 3a5,000 series has been applied to the National Basic Public Health Service Information Platform in Changji City, based on the community closed management system developed by the core, the outbreak surveillance system, and large communities already in Beijing, such as the Backlong view, etc.
In the field of cyber-security, safety equipment such as firewalls, gateways, communication terminals, etc. based on core 3a/c5,000 chips, is also widely used in hospitals at all levels, such as the Haidian Hospital in Beijing, the Upland Hospital, the North Hospital Six and the Shanxi Provincial People’s Hospital.
In the field of education, Yong-chi has introduced a series of programme products covering primary, secondary and higher education institutions, teaching platforms, teaching, experimental equipment, intelligent classrooms, and more than 10,000 medium and small units in Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanxi, etc.
Schools of learning and information use to build information poles for primary and secondary education. 1.1. Rapid income growth, rapid increase in profitability.
Rapid growth is largely due to the increasing performance of processors and packaged chip products. At the same time, companies work well with existing customers and actively develop new markets and client groups, while ensuring stability and sustainability in corporate industrial development, achieving high growth in the size and income of businesses in the field of informatization and in key information bases.
The market share in the area of facilities is in the forefront. Figure 3: Corporate net profit compound growth rates for the period 2018-2021 is: (1) Industrial chip products are mainly applied to control and communication systems in the area of critical information infrastructure.
The policy has contributed to the continued improvement of the industry environment and to the expansion and enrichment of the market for industrial chip products introduced by companies, with a steady increase in revenues from the sale of industrial chipes, which grew by 29.4 per cent, 25.2 per cent and 74.4 per cent, respectively, in 2019-2021. (2) Information chip products are mainly used in key information infrastructure areas.
Desktops and servers. The company ' s 3a3,000 series and 3a4,000 series of chip products have been rolled out, their performance has been multiplied, support for virtualization, security mechanisms, etc., has been strengthened and is increasingly aligned with the application needs in the critical information infrastructure area, which is now at a fast-growing stage, with high growth in the sale of information-based chip from 2019 to 2020.
This represents an increase of 407.7 per cent, or 211.4 per cent, in the second half of 2021, to the 3a5,000 series, and a slight decline in revenues from the sale of the computer chip in 2021 as the 3a5,000 series uses the Loongarch command system, which requires time to collide between the entire plant and the operating system and is expected to take some time to grow in size.
Corporate manufacturing chip sales have continued to increase, while average sales prices have continued to decline. The main reason for this is that the industrial controls, which are dominated by the core 2 series, have higher environmental requirements for their applications and require a certain level of process and higher testing requirements.
The use of chip series 1 in the film has been enriched and widely applied to end-use devices such as cryptographic cards, remote data collection, smart doors, locks, printers, etc. sales have increased, resulting in lower sales unit prices. Corporate information chip sales and changes in unit prices are mainly related to product overlaps. (1) Sales are advanced.
The main reasons for this downward trend are the following: in 2019 and 2020, with the introduction of the 3a4,000 series of chip products, product productivity was further enhanced, companies were fully involved in the promotion of office and business information applications, and the number of information-based chips sold increased significantly. In the second half of 2021, the information-chemical chip was switched to the 3a5,000 series, as a result of the switch to the 3a5,000 series.
The 3a5,000 series uses the Loongarch command system, which requires time to comb and time to shape and scale growth is expected to take some time, resulting in a slight decline in sales of the computerized chip. (2) The sales average is on a downward trend, mainly as a result of the introduction of the company ' s 3a4,000 series in 2019, and the 3a3,000 series
Product prices have fallen; and in order to further expand the market in the field of e-government, which is becoming more mature and growing rapidly, the average unit price for the 3a4,000 series was slightly lower than the average unit price for the 3a3,000 series. In 2021, with the company ' s 3a5,000 series, the price for the 3a4,000 series was lower than the average unit price for the 3a4,000 series.
In addition, the higher share of the information-based chip sales of matching chips, such as the lower unit-priced bridge chip, has led to an overall decline in the unit price of the company’s telecommunications products. The overall Māori sales rate of the company has remained relatively high.
It is maintained at over 70 per cent, with a low rate of 40-50 per cent for information-based chips. In 2020, the rate was relatively low, mainly because of a significant increase in the sales of the core 3 series as companies opened up their information-based markets, and the decline in the overall Māori rate due to the relatively low Māori rate for products in this area.
Figure 8: The company ' s Māori ratio has remained generally high 1.2, the R&D management team has been stable for a long time, and equity incentives are in place Hu Wei Wu, the Seng Hung couple are in real control of the human being together.
Hu Wei Wu holds a 47.67% share in the Tsing Child Source and invests a 15.02% share in the first shareholder. Hu Wei Wu and Jinhong invest their share in the Tsing Csing Source and its source, Ssing Cs, 33.61% of the voting power of the Tsing Cs, which is significantly higher than that of the other shareholders. At the same time, Hu Wei Wu has long served as the company’s director and head of the company.
Manager, Jinhong has long served as Director of Corporate Investment. Thus, Hu Wei Wu and Jin Hong are the masters of the Dragon Cube Unit.
The R & D management team has been stable for a long time and has had experience in research and development and the implementation of projects with a wealth of processors and supporting chips. Mr. Hu Wei Wu, the master core designer, has been involved in the development of the core processor since 2001.
Today, Hu Wei Wu has been on the Board of Directors of the company, starting in August 2009 as General Manager, Deputy Chairman and Executive Director, and as a statutory representative of the company, with overall responsibility for the company’s productive activities, starting in November 2019 with over 30% of the top five employee holding the platform and staff incentives in place.
5 stock holding platforms of Skycrackers, Skycrackers and Skycookers, whose employees hold a total of 30.42 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings through the five major holding platforms, indicating that corporate staff incentives are in place to facilitate the firm ' s long-term steady development. 1.3. Investment in advanced process chips and gpgpu to further enhance the company ' s capacity
The company's ipo fund-raising is directed to advanced chip research and development and industrialization projects. With regard to advanced chip development, since its inception, the company has been developing generic processor chips in response to market demand, continuously optimizing the structure of the processors to the world's most advanced levels and generating a rich accumulation of technology and processes on multiple process platforms and processes.
With regard to the development of generic graphic processors and systems, in 2017 the middle core developed gpu, mastering the key technology developed by gpu, and the first core has been active in the 7a2000 bridge sample. The company also has some accumulation of technology in the neural network processors in the field of i, and the first in the neural network.
Prototype systems have been developed successfully.2 Industry analysis: chips market is wide, domestic producers are rising up 2.1 General processors market: credit is fast-moving and national product cpu is facing unprecedented development opportunities
Key applications for cpu include desktops and servers. Desktops, starting from the global launch from 2015 to 2018, saw a recovery in global pc shipments and a rapid increase in global pc shipments from 2020 to 2021. Servers, since 2019, have seen a steady increase in global server deliveries, based on idc data, 2021
In the area of domestic pc, similar to global trends, the volume of domestic pc exports has recovered since 2019, and in 2020, pc, China, registered a volume of 3,911,000 servers, an increase of 11.7 per cent.
In 2021, the 14th Five-Year Framework proposed the enhancement of original technology clearances, the upgrading of high-end chips, operating systems, and artificial intelligence algorithms in key areas such as research and development breakthroughs and overlaps, with priority given to enhancing the security and safety of the information supply chain.
Several policies to promote high-quality development in the integrated circuit and software industries during the period also mentioned that China’s chip self-sufficiency rate was 70% by 2025. In 2022, the Party’s political-strategy initiative was gradually sinking to the counties, becoming normal, and the financial, telecommunications, electricity, etc., was rapidly launched, while the 8+n sector continued to penetrate.
The country’s cpu company currently consists of six major companies, namely, Dragon-chip Central, Shen-Wei, Wah-Heath, Flying Information, Sealight Information, and Shanghai-Migsaw Cores. By the type of command system used, it can be divided into three broad categories: the first category, Dragon-chip Central.
In the early years, the mips-compatible command system and the classal alpha command system were introduced, respectively, and are now autonomous in the R & D command system: the second category, Haeth and Flying Information, and the arm command system, the third category, Sealight Information and the Shanghai mound core, was used in the x86 command system.
2.2. Embedded processor market: A wide downstream application, with a large market space soc chips, refers mainly to a chip circuit on which the key components of an integrated system are located and which can perform the full system function, and which is integrated into modules such as cpu, gpu, storage, straps, isp, dsp, wifi, bluetooth, etc.
♪ Eeprom ♪
Serial interfaces soc chips have a wide market for downstream applications. Soc chip downstream applications cover almost all major areas of the national economy, including smartphones, tablets, smart homes, smart homes, etc., consumer electronics, networks, etc.
New industrial electronics such as letters, information security, industrial controls and automation, auto electronics and artificial intelligence, according to the data from the Researchchandmarkets, the market for global film systems (soc) was $79.7 billion in 2020 and is expected to reach $10.74 billion in size by 2027, with a combined growth rate projected for 2020-2027.
4.4 per cent In the United States, the market for the partial system (soc) reached $21.5 billion in 2020, and China, the world's second largest economy, reached $23.4 billion in 2020, with a projected compound year between 2020 and 2027.
3.1 Introduction of an autonomous command system, which is expected to be fully transformed over the next 1-2 years, has introduced an autonomous command system, loongarch.
Gpuip nuclear, memory controllers and phy, high-speed bus controllers and phy, etc.
Core modules, including kernels, three compilers (gcc, llvm, golang), three virtual machines (java, javascript,.net), browsers, media players, kvm virtual machines, etc., are compared to the mics:
(1) Loongarch is a completely new set of instructions, not an extension on the mips. Loongarch contains 1018 strips, 256 vectors, with a total of 2565 original commands; (2) Unlike the mips, some of the instructions that are not suitable for modern cpu have been abandoned and substantially improved and expanded.
. For example, the immediate number supported by a single command has been expanded from a maximum of 16 to a maximum of 24 for mips, branch jumps, offsets from 64k to 1 m bytes, and the change of location space from fixed to a single plane have all resulted in a reduction in the number of target commands and the number of visits to the results of the compilation and improved effectiveness;
(3) Loongarch maintains the characteristics of the rrisc command set, 32-bit fixed-length commands, 32 universal senders, 32 floating point/ vector senders. There are only three command formats for mips, and the command format for loongarch has been redesigned so that as many as 10 formats are available, including 3 non-imminent and 7 instant formatting formats.
The redesigned command format could include more command chutes for future long-term development. Loongarch’s command system was designed with the aim of sophistication, extension, compatibility.
From July 2021, the company ' s informatization business began to shift to the 3a5,000 series processor based on the Loongarch system, and the industrial control operation began to shift to the Loongarch system based on the Loongarch system. According to the company ' s offer instructions, the 3a5,000 series will be replaced completely by the 3a5,000 processor.
Previous series processors; in the field of industrial control operations, some products have been switched to the Loongarch command system, while others will complete the switch from the Mips command system to the Loongarch command system in the next 1-2 years. In the second half of 2021, the share of sales earnings of companies not related to the Mips command system exceeded 50%; as is normal.
In the alternative, it is expected that in 2022 and 2023, the share of sales revenue of companies not related to the Mips command system will reach about 70 per cent and 90 per cent, respectively, and that commercial products based on the mips command system will no longer be sold in about 2024.
The core 3a5,000 chips are at a performance lead level in the home-grown type of desktop cpu. The core 3a5,000 is an autonomous microstructure with four fixed-point units, two 256 vector units and two access units. The core 3a5,000 is a combination of two 64-bit dddr 4-3200 controllers supporting ecc verification, and four multiple processors.
According to the consistent hypertransport 3.0 controller. Dragon core 3a5,000 supports the dynamic closing of the main module clock, fine-tuning power management functions such as the dynamic frequency of the main clock field and the dynamic pressurization of the main voltage domain.
Runs the specpu 2006 fixed-point, floating-point single-kernel base values of more than 26 minutes and the quad-point values of more than 80 minutes. The core 3a5,000 desktop system has a single-wire range of more than 1700 minutes and a four-wire split of more than 420 minutes. The above-mentioned test-point values are close to the mainstream market desktop cpu
Horizontally, in the lead in the domestic desktop cpu. The 3a4,000 core processor, with the 3a5,000 core processor, has increased its performance by more than 50% and reduced its power by more than 30% on the basis of maintaining leg compatibility. In complex document processing, browser opening, 3d engine.
In terms of acceleration, 4k high resolution, and various business software processing, the 3a5,000 computer user experience at the core has risen significantly, reaching an extremely rapid user performance experience. Figure 20: Wps opening office documents at speed test, 3a5,000 table at the core
National production of armv8 into 14nm, national production of armv84 nuclear 7mm
In addition, the core 3c5,000 processor uses a loongarch full autonomous command set of la464 microstructures, with a main frequency of 2.0-2.5ghz and a combination of 16 high-performance la464 processors, supporting 128/256 vector calculations with a double-precision float peak of 560 gflops, with a spec power of 130-150 W. At the same time, the core 3c5,000 supports it.
Four 72-bit ddr 3200 memory controllers, and ecc verifications. On configuration, the core 3c5,000 supports dual and four-way typical structures, with a maximum of 16 links. The core 3c500 provides cpu-grade support through chip-level security mechanisms for, inter alia, 2.0, credible computing, state secret algorithm substitution, network security gap protection, etc.
From the core 3c5,000 single chip performance: specpu 2006 single nuclebase > 10/ghz, single chip spec > 200; unixbench > 1700, 16 > 9500, the highest in the national product cpu; float point computing performance, 2 256-digit component per core, double accuracy
Flying peaks are 560 gflops, 16 nuclear processors are equivalent to arm64, with one memory controller per four cores, stream performance > 34gb, and with operational bandwidth, with a dragon core, a new generation of bridges, with a pcie swathe width of 66 gb, 400 per cent higher than a generation of products.
The same process as 3a5,000 will be used to optimize performance to market mainstream product levels. Its fractions; the stream bandwidth of the memory interface double ddr4 (peak 51.2 gbps) will be increased from 25 gbps to 38 gbps. 3.3 A high degree of core technological autonomy has been achieved in the field of operating systems and basic software.
The basic software technology system has been initially constructed on the basis of the Loongarch autonomous command set. On the basis of the basic software system, the complete basic software technology ecological system has been built on the basis of the autonomous command system, and research and development has been carried out in the field of basic software such as nuclear, compiler, programming language virtual machine, cloud computing, etc.
The basic version operating system, loongnix, for information-based applications, and the basic version operating tradition, loongos, for industrial-controlled applications, are very few cpu companies worldwide that have built up complete ecological systems for basic software technology. At the same time, the company has developed binary translation systems ranging from mips and x86 to loongarch, which can be developed by the company.
Runs mics and x86 applications on the Loongarch platform. Combined with application needs, a large number of external drivers are migrated to the core platform, resulting in platforms and mechanisms for patch collection, auto-testing and regular release.
The core is based on a model of self-contained and open cooperation, which allows ecological partners to open up to all sides, from command set/ip nuclear authorization, to chip level/board level development, and system applications, to help them upgrade their technological innovations.
Provides a complete solution based on dragon cores from the end to the cloud. Tens of thousands of software and hardware developers have developed strong industrial chains and ecological support capabilities.
(1) Industrial control and instrumentation chips: in the area of critical information infrastructure, the demand for industrial control chips that have been applied in mature industries has increased as policy has moved strongly, and the income from the industrial control chip will remain high (2) Information-based chips: due to the company ' s switch to the loongarch command system, complete plant and operation
(3) Solutions: As the corporate customer base expands and customer relationships deepens, the corporate solution business does not anticipate a rapid growth in company inputs, but at a slower pace than the recovery rate, and the cost rate is expected to be maintained over time
The company's ipo fund is invested mainly in advanced process chips, research and development and industrialization projects, high-performance generic graphic processor chips and systems development projects, which are expected to be further upgraded by 130, 96.2, 71.7 times higher than comparable company valuations, taking into account the scarcity of the company's industry, for the first time.
Risks of moving to autonomous command systems;