行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Shennan Circuits (002916 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB110.75
(Previous TP
RMB110.75)
Up/Downside
-3.7%
Shennan Circuits raised RMB2.55bn through a private placement on Thursday,
Current Price
RMB115.05
and key participants include National IC industry Investment Fund. The proceeds
China Technology Sector
will be used to expand high-end flip chip IC substrate manufacture. Although we
think substrate demand will remain strong, the new capacity will not contribute
Lily Yang, Ph.D.
much before end of 2023. In addition, we believe the positive news have been
priced in and the stock is fairly valued. Maintain HOLD with TP of RMB110.75.
National IC Industry Investment Fund (Phase II) invested in Shennan's
Alex Ng
recent private placement. Shennan Circuits raised RMB2.55bn through a
private placement. The company issued 23.7mn shares at a price of
RMB107.62. There are 19 participants including Huatai Securities, National
Lana Lin
IC industry Investment Fund, JP Morgan Chase, UBS, etc. The fund will be
used to expand Shennan's capacity in high-end flip chip IC substrate
manufactures. In 1H21, substrate business accounted for ~19% of total
revenue.
Stock Data
Mkt Cap (HK$ mn)
56,282
IC substrate supply is expected to remain tight. We saw substrate demand
Avg 3 mths t/o (HK$ mn)
was strong since last year as we pointed out in our previous reports. Shennan
52w High/Low (HK$)
126.66/74.88
Total Issued Shares (mn)
has announced new capacity in Guangzhou factory, with planned capacity of
Source: Bloomberg
200mn FC-BGA and 3mn panel RF/FC-CSP. Looking forward, we believe the
demand will remain strong. BT substrate is expected to be tight at least in
Shareholding Structure
1H22, while the supply of ABF substrate will fall short throughout 2022.
67.06%
AVIC International Holdings
HK Securities Clearing
2.60%
Shennan's current substrate capacity is under full production; new
China Asset Management Co
0.90%
Source: HKEx
capacity will contribute in 2023/34E. Shennan's existing substrate capacity
has been in full production since 2020, driven by strong semiconductor
Share Performance
demand. Current substrate capacity is 30w per year. New substrate capacity
includes Wuxi, Jiangsu and Guangzhou, Guangdong.
Maintain HOLD with TP of RMB110.75. Although we think substrate demand
Source: Bloomberg
will remain strong, the company's current capacity is under full production and
new capacity will not contribute before end of 2023. As the positive news have
12-mth Price Performance
been priced in, we think the stock is fairly valued at the moment. Potential
upside risks include faster-than-expected decline of material costs, higher-
than-expected 5G infrastructure spending and consumer demand.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: BDO
Recent Reports:
Strong 3Q results; Cost pressure
remains - 2 Nov 2021 (Link)
Positive on capacity expansion plan;
Jun 2021 (Link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Company capacity
Shennan's PCB capacity was about 200w sq m per year. The capacity of the Company's
PCB production was ~80-85% in 1H21. New PCB capacity includes 1) Phase II plant in
Nantong, Jiangsu (58w sq m, currently ramping up in the mid-to-late stage) and 2) Phase
III plant in Nantong, Jiangsu (expected to begin production in 4Q22).
Shennan's substrate capacity was 30w per year. New substrate capacity includes 1) Wuxi,
Jiangsu (60w, high-end substrate, currently ramping up in the late stage) and 2)
Guangzhou, Guangdong (expected to begin production in 2023).
Shennan announced to expand substrate capacity in Guangzhou production base, which
will add 200mn FC-BGA and 3mn panel RF/FC-CSP substrate capacity. We expect the
new project to contribute revenue in 2023/24E. Shennan's existing substrate capacity has
been in full production since last year, driven by strong semiconductor demand.
Figure 1: Capacity Schedule
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Shengyi Electronics, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.