The cold tea industry and the net interest rate of the company are double-dating + the Chinese Wei Kong Dragon Head + the high-equity incentive to create a cold tea industry with a logic similar to beer, with sufficient concentration, with lower costs leading to a net interest rate cut.
Ma Hobo, the cold tea market is about 40 billion, and sales are down 4%.
The industrial oligarchy was 80 per cent, and the Red Can Award was a turning point in the slowdown of competition in the industry. Logically like beer, concentration was high enough to be profitable.
Coupled tea profits, other businesses such as Kunlun Hills and Australasia children's milk loss, good voice support, cancellation, change of management strategy contraction; (3) double head pattern, Wang Ji and Gado Po s0605170002
The marginal impact of marketing improvements is high, and there is scope for a significant increase in the profitability of the industry. The competition between Quanm@dwzq.com.cn and the two players is likely to lead to cooperation.
Wang Jie is the biggest growth point in the South Pharmacator Block. According to China’s National Statistics Bureau, China’s statistics show that China’s economy is growing.
The number of people with erectile disorders is about 127 million, and there is a clear trend towards rejuvenation, with the potential market size reaching 10 billion. Viagra terminal's 1 billion sales. With the liberalization of patent protection, Gingo sold about 400 million in 16 years, the terminal's size was close to Viagra, and compound growth doubled in 14-16 years.
The Māori rate is more than 90% because of the advantages of the Golden Goats and the price. Although there are still generic pharmaceutical declarations, the new versions of the Medicine Catalogue have been adjusted to benefit Chinese medicine, and large businesses and large medical multi-grade layouts.
The region’s largest retail network and distribution centre for pharmaceutical logistics, with a strong share in it, is the most well-established regional leader in the country’s system. The overall net benefit of the medical plate is expected to be 0.9 billion net in 18 years, with 20xpe at a market value of 18 billion.
The introduction of strategic investors, Yunfung (Aribaba), will open up corporate pharmaceutical power suppliers and Internet medical services.
In addition, the company has yet to disassemble the land, which will yield future gains. The company’s market value is currently withheld, excluding the fixed increase + the value of the eviction is only $32.5 billion.
Value: 18 years of a cold tea business with a market value of approximately 27.5 billion; Kingo with a market value of 4.8 billion; company profile: South China Leader with a focus on the pharmaceutical health industry: South China’s leader in the pharmaceutical health industry
Founded in Guangzhou in 1997, and restructured with Guangzhou Medicine in 2013, and listed as a group of major shareholders, White Cloud Mountain is now focused on the pharmaceutical health industry, where Chinese medicine production, medicine, the largest drug flow in South China, with the nation's famous brand name on the health plate.
G. Stock exchanges in Shanghai and Hong Kong are currently available for trading. 1.2. Equity structure: local state corporations, successful pilot “mixing” companies with broad-share shareholders as of 3.q2016, 45.04%; Guangzhou City
By 19th month, a total of $8.3 billion has been added in Guangzhou, Guangzhou City, Yunchang and the employee-owned stock-holding scheme. According to the disclosure, the scheme is about $790,000 per person, and the employee is about $70,000 per person, for high-level personnel and others.
All employees are a big expense, so the incentives are strong and the benefits of the firm and the firm are deeply tied. The current share price is $25.9, which is only 10% higher than the fixed cost increase, with revenues of about $15.5 billion compared to Mount White Cloud 2016 (1-3q), a net profit of about $1.09 billion, and a combined Māori.
The rate is 36.67 per cent. 1h Great Health 2016 (Consumables), Grand Nanx (Pharma Production), Big Business (Doctor 2. Cold Tea has a logic similar to beer, slow but high concentration to promote marginal improvements, profit stops, etc.
The industry is entering maturity, the growth rate is slowing, the rate of Māori is falling, the cool tea industry is maturing, and the rate of harvest is slowing down. The tea beverage industry is about 130 billion years old, a decline of 4% compared to the previous year.
The Māori and profit rates in the material sector have also fallen to historical lows. The estimated size of the cold tea market is 40 billion in terms of penetration, product ageing, competitive shocks, etc.
Increased diversity of products, constant restructuring of products and increased competitive shocks; on the other hand, increased price pressure, higher average prices, cost erosion of profit margins, continued high per capita consumption and still high competitive impact in the industry, and the future of the industry to compete in stocks.
The concentration is improving, the industry is approaching, the concentration is high and the oligarchic pattern is stable. The cool tea industry giants, with Dabao and Wang Ji, have over 80% of the city, and have a decent, deep brand but smaller, mostly in the pet.
The rest of the brands are more difficult to shake the oligarchy. In the canned tea market, the combined share of the two is higher than 95%, the industry is medium high, and the oligarchic pattern is stable.
The two giants competed fiercely to discourage the two sides from releasing profit margins. The competition began with a 12-year change of brand names. Gatau used powerful media input and channel advantages to recreate the Gatau cold tea cards, hoping to use the channel advantage to kill Wang Ji. And, in the process of changing gold cans, Gatomo.
In order to clear inventories, there is also a growing push for sales. Taking advantage of branding, Wang Ji has quickly set up an independent marketing system, accompanied by a price-following strategy to break through increased profit channels, which has led to intense price competition between the two channels.
Grass-roots research shows that the price of canned cold tea canneries (including taxes, given to manufacturers to wholesalers) has been relatively stable since 11-12 years, from 65-67 yuan to competition channels, which have boosted profit margins.
The two sides have taken an extraordinary amount of money. Grass root research shows that Wang Ji and Gado Po, in the case of the Sichuan Chongqing market in the south-west, are likely to have the strength of 10 boxes for delivery of 5 boxes or 7 boxes in order to compete for a restaurant. Based on the normal ticket opening price of 60 bucks/boxes, 10 boxes for delivery of 5 boxes will be converted to 40 bucks.
A discount rate of 33%. In line with the normal industry promotion rate of 40%, a net interest rate of 7%, a rational investment, a premium on treasures, and a turning point in the industry. The Red Can Award became a turning point in the industry, and the Gatau pressure increased the start charge. In March of 15 years, Gatau was influenced by the Red Can Award.
The strategy is to replace the gold cans. After the 2012 branding and 15 years of the red can wind wave, Gardo has built up his own cold tea brand and image. But (1) the branding is too expensive to spend; (2) the whole country has invested nearly 20 billion dollars, creating 11 production lines, making a huge difference.
The cost of sales has been significantly reduced, and media costs have been optimized as a whole. According to research, the 16-year reduction in overall media input has been 40-50%.
The Chinese sound, instead of relying more on the Internet and other marketing tools, puts more costs on the market and optimizes sales people. Gatau has begun to optimize the front-line team of salesmen, and more is being used to sink down the channels to enhance the coverage of county markets.
With a first-line staffing of around 230 personnel, adjustments were introduced in 17 years, with no replacements after natural attrition, and the consolidation and optimization of sales areas, the target for the future was adjusted to about 190 people, or about 20 per cent, while Wang Old Gil's sales team remained stable at around 210.
Discreparate marketing, accurate spending, and avoidance of malign competition between channels and clients. According to grass-roots research, in the Sichuan Chongqing market in the southwest, Gatau has also begun to avoid the focus of the competition in the past.
In a powerful market, such as Wang Dongji, where we're looking at the terminal, Wang Lao Ji, through the cost-investment market is about 35% of the end-points.
And Gatau is not a direct investment of money against the cost of the city market, but has gained nearly 30% of the increase in the number of outdoor advertisements and piles that were packed in the whole box of gifts during the festival.
The multi-brand strategy supports long-term development. The high-end market for bottled water has expanded rapidly in recent years, while allowing Gado Po to gradually shift his focus to the high-end drinking water “Kunlong Mountain” brand and product under the flag.
According to research, the 16-year end of the Klon Mountains has reached around $10, but market nurturing is still needed to contribute. Stable patterns will lead to better profits, like the American beer logic.
Industry logic is similar to the American beer model, and the increase in concentration has improved profitability. The cool tea industry pattern is stable, the industry logic is similar to the American beer model, and the increase in concentration has improved profitability. When the industry pattern is stable, the cool tea industry logic is comparable to the American beer model.
High, more stable patterns, and a significant increase in corporate profitability in the United States. And the cool tea industry is more concentrated, making it easier for firms to control the pricing power of markets and channels.
The red can, the red can, the red can, and the red can. With the red cans, Wang has strengthened the brand, adding more and more, along with the previous brands, the "fear of fire" location and the authentic formula.
The sales team is stable, the market is diverse and rejuvenate, and the sales team is becoming more stable and mature, and the timing of the competition's repackaging is precisely grasped.
According to our research, the number of front-line salesmen in Wang Jia nation is 6,000-8,000, for a total of about 11,000. The size of the salesmen's team is about 13,000-14000.
At the same time, Wang Jie's marketing system and channels are becoming more mature, using price-following tactics, increasing profits from the channels for market breakthroughs, and building base cities such as Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Fujian and Fujian to diversify and rejuvenate. Wang Ji continues to be afraid to be on fire and to be on the same page.
Sports, films, culture, etc., enhance brand pluralism and rejuvenation.
Wang Jing, using a wide-ranging platform and research and development advantages, has been promoting innovative products. The introduction of low-sugar and unsugar-free tea in 2016, using sugar alcohol, avoids consumer concerns about high sugar content.
3.4. The National Production Base for Light Assets, which optimizes the production capacity and supply chain, has been gradually laid down throughout the country by means of a light asset model in cooperation with local governments, with local government input into the construction of plants, and Wang Jing providing personnel and skills.
It is expected that Wang Jing's profit margin curve will be smooth upwards, and 17 years of reasonable market value has shown signs of improvement in Wang Jing's operation.
At the same time, the company’s cash flow has continued to improve, and its net cash flow has been historically high. Compared with the company’s net interest rate, Wang Jing’s interest rate is still low, and there is much room for improvement.
The cost of materials, etc., has been reduced and the size advantage has increased by 5 pt to 49% for Wang Qui Māori, higher than the same type of listed companies, which are higher than Qin De Lulu (46%) and Eli (39%), but the net interest rate is much lower than Qin De Lulu, and there is a difference between the 8% level of Ei's shares.
In a stable situation, a reduction in the cost of buying gifts through channels would raise the average price of the product and Māori, while, lightly, the asset model would also raise profits if the supply chain was optimized, and there would be a significant increase in net interest rates in the future.
The largest growth point is the chemical imitation drug gold. ed has a large potential market, with the primary drug monopoly in foreign countries being broken. ed has a large potential market, and the patent for foreign pharmacology has expired, and the monopoly has been broken. ed (cuncubation disorder) is a male.
One of the four diseases with the highest incidence of the sexual reproductive system, according to the relevant data, is estimated to be 127 million persons with ed in China and one in four young people under the age of 40 with nearly half of them seriously ed, with potential future market size expected as public health awareness increases.
To 10 billion yuan. The ed market is expanding as consumers increase their demand for better quality of life. However, with the arrival of the pre-research patent cliff (which expired on May 12, 2014), the domestic market for ed drugs is about to be broken.
Product characteristics: efficiency and price advantages are obvious. As Viagra’s first imitator, Gingo is tailored to the physical characteristics of the nation, reducing the active ingredient.
Five hospitals, including the Great North People’s Hospital, the Great North First Hospital, and others, have been identified as having an effective rate of 83% for treatment of different causes of the disease. Kingo’s price advantage is the largest increase in the drug.
In comparison with the original study ($115/100 mg), there was a 30% decline in the price of the dose, with a clear price advantage, and this became the biggest competitive tool for Gingo’s share of the original drug research and the expansion of the ed market.
The point is that China's first Viagra imitation, White Cloud Hills, was made available in September 2014 for cfda-issued non-material drugs and tablets, which were officially marketed on 28 October 2015. To date, only one generic drug has been placed on the market.
“Kingo” in White Cloud Mountain and “Wanfellow” in Epson Pharmacy in Jiangsua, “Vigo” in the Open House, Changshan Pharmacy, etc. Market share 3rd. The first year that the media reported Jingo's presence on the market made a breakthrough of $700 million in sales.
In terms of sales performance (in terms of market retail prices), the market share in 2015 was 13.6%, ranked third in the market. At the end of October 2014, sales revenues from the first marketed White Cloud Hills in 2015 were more than $200 million, while sales in 2016 were close to $400 million, an increase of more than 70% over the same year, with the retail end of the company.
Market competitiveness will be greatly enhanced by the speed with which the otc end layouts have accelerated the process of paving the goods at the end of the market, coupled with the growing market time in the city, market reputations, and consumer awareness. City occupancy rates are rising.
Upgraded, coupled with the company’s deepening profile at the pharmacy end, the overall market share is expected to rise. According to Pfizer’s 2013 annual report, “Vigo” end retail sales account for as much as 86% of Viagra’s sales.
As the company’s Gingo product becomes more visible, it is expected to increase its drug promotion. In the process of expanding the market as a whole, the company will be able to adapt the new version of the catalogue to the full extent of its product.
In South China, there is a strong concentration of Chinese medicine resources. The company owns a 13-year-old Chinese pharmaceutical company (including controlling companies and joint ventures), one of which is an extremely intensive product; six are 100-year-olds: four exclusive pricing products: more than 13 billion single products, in South China and the rest of the country.
In 17 years, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security published a new version of the health care catalogue, the Chen Li Chi Quancian capsule in White Cloud Mountain, and the Sanctuary's seven-star tea.
The demographic ageing of the country is marked by a marked increase in the rate of population growth following the liberalization of the second-child policy (1.786 million births in 2016, or 1.31 million births per year, or +8 per cent), and the huge space for two new entrants into the variety market, which is expected to provide a new impetus for the growth of the pharmaceutical plate.
For the first time, a variety of products have entered the Category A catalogue. The company’s big mouth is emptied, bright and bright (capsules, granules), Xing Xinghua remaking pills, etc. For the first time, a number of exclusive products have been included in the Category A catalogue.
Large business blocks: Retail + Logistics + Electricists, South China Retail + Logistics + Electric Operators with a sound circulation system, and business layout. As a leading pharmaceutical business leader in South China, companies have established the largest retail network and distribution centre for medicine logistics in South China.
As of 30 June 2016, there were 61 outlets for the retailing of medicines, including 30 for the “Cetchlin” pharmaceutical chain, 30 for the “Home Man” drug chain, 30 for the “Home Man” drug chain and medical devices.
12 level-III hospitals, 7 level-II hospitals, and 40 primary health-care institutions providing medical logistics services Extension of cooperation: medical electricians, strategic collaboration with Ali ' s health under Alibaba, partnership with Kyushu Medical Group, Cyberlan Corporation to build a “medical cloud”: a network of healthy people on a wide scale
In order to reduce the cost of pharmaceutical trade, to improve the hosting of hospital pharmacies, the company has created a smart, computerized pharmacy hosting system, to bring together warehouses, to establish a secure distribution relationship and to complete a cooperative hospital.
The exclusive distribution of medicines will increase the stability of income and profits. At the same time, it will reduce storage space by 50 per cent, storage costs by 10 per cent, effective reduction in the error rate and efficiency of distribution by 30 per cent.
One of the companies in which the Alibaba Group invests, is dedicated to creating a full-scale network of medical and health services that is connected to one another. Operations are focused on product pursuits.
Internet retail pharmacies run by the Guangzhou Medicine and Guangzhou Healthy People's Medicine Links.
It provides a comprehensive value-added service to pharmaceutical companies based on mobile interconnection platforms.
As the country's pharmaceutical reform progresses, the pharmaceutical and retail industry, especially the leading companies running chains, is expected to take over the city of the hospital after the division of medicines.
In January 2017, the company took part in the purchase of a share of 4.149.38 million shares in undisclosed shares worth $800 million, representing a share of 6.92 per cent after the release of the shares.
There will be clear synergies: one-stop shops are listed as the country ' s first pure chain, with good assets and strong access advantages in the south-west, mainly in the retail chain of medicines and wholesale medicine, and with 3,877 straight chains (as of 30 September 2016).
The number of direct stores is the highest in the industry; this investment is expected to bring about a strong union, sharing huge development opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry and promoting the marketing of companies at retail terminals and of company pharmaceutical retail products in the southwest market.
The company now has a relatively high share of Otc end-of-end sales of pharmaceutical plates, including priority drugs such as Gingo, Tema and Naeon's stomach, which are mainly sold in retail pharmacies, as well as a greater proportion of hospital-controlled drugs, so that the terminal pharmacy layout and competitive price advantages favour a much higher rate of progress in the company's drug delivery.
Large-scale medical units: medical services + medical devices + medical feeding, multi-area broad layouts in the field of test water, with long-term expectations of higher prices.
Integration, testing of water services, medical devices, medical feeding, etc., are still in the configuration phase, subject to short-term health insurance fees and fine supervision in the health-care sector, making it difficult to increase incomes: long-term good health care due to the growth of disposable income and the deepening of ageing society
A fixed increase could boost business outreach and enhance platform values. The $7.9 billion increase is for Guangzhou Medicine, Guangzhou State Treasury Development Holdings, Life City Development Investment, Shanghai Clouds, etc.
With $7.3 billion coming from Guangzhou City, it is hoped that, as the process of transformation accelerates, the future will continue to consolidate unlisted and good medical resources, and the size and business of the enterprise will continue to expand. On the other hand, the strategy introduced is that investors will open up corporate medical power providers and Internet medical services, bringing new business.
Cash is in the form of money in banks; in addition, the company has a portion of the land to be demolished, and in the future it will also benefit from competition, competition in the industry has slowed down, and Wang Ji's share has risen, leading to an increase in the size of the whole body.
Varieties and the use of Gingo have increased slightly: (3) large businesses and large-scale medical care have remained stable and developed without major changes. Food security risks, the risk of volatile raw materials prices, and reforms in state enterprises have fallen short of expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board