But in terms of asset quality, companies are still at an accelerated exposure stage for stock risk, and in the context of the overall improvement in the quality of the industry's assets, corporate capital.
Performance in terms of quality of production is inferior to that of peers, and future underperformance still requires sustained attention. Fees have outperformed the industry, and interest spreads have improved the net profit rate of 3% in the three quarters of 2017, down from 5.2% in the first half of the year.
This is due to a small increase in the provision rate from 2.5 per cent in the first half of the year to 7.1 per cent in the third quarter, and a small increase in net profit. At the income end, the rate of growth in the Pouhai Bank camp rose from 1.3 per cent in the first half of the year to 3.1 per cent, with charges showing excellent performance, with charges rising by 29 per cent in the first quarter.
We believe that the rapid increase in bank charges is mainly related to the growth of the company’s middle-income business, particularly the significant increase in retail services’ contribution, which has resulted in a more balanced performance. In terms of the difference, we calculate the PDC’s three-quarter single-season net balance by the end of the period, which is 1.86%.
3bp. But at the end of the liability, there is a 2% drop in the Pou-Shu Bank's deposit ratio in the third quarter, which requires an acceleration in stock risk clearance, higher stress on provision, and an acceleration in Pou-Shu's adverse exposure in the third quarter, which is 26bp to 2.35% higher than in the second quarter.
We have measured that the annual rate of misgeneration in the 3rd quarter of Pouphou has increased significantly by 69bp to 2.90% over the 2nd quarter, which has been high in recent years. However, according to forward-looking indicators, the Bank is concerned that the loan rate has dropped by 43bp to 3.43%, and that the poor rate of overdue scissors has continued to recover.
It takes some time, but as disposal recognition increases and forward-looking indicators improve, the rate of production is poor.