The growth in the performance of the medical biology of China's 39th (000999) is in line with the expected growth in the value of the corporate platform, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: Company reports for 2021, generating business income of $15.32 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent in the same year; motherhood net profit of $2.05 billion, an increase of 28.1 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.85 billion, a steady increase in the value of the platform compared with the growth of the QZH consumer goods business.
Overall, the company ' s good consumer goods business continued to grow relatively fast, with a certain relation to the low base in 2020. The company ' s Chec business product covered a wide range of areas, including cold medicine, gastrointestinal drugs, skin.
In the future, as the product lines continue to expand, end layouts improve, marketing patterns are improved, and the “999” systems show that the brand still has the potential to raise prices. Unlike the traditional otc limits on medicines, the chc covers operations.
In 2021, the company’s prescription business generated $5.35 billion, an increase of 2.8%, and the Māori rate of 65.5%, a decline of 9 pp.
The product structure of prescription drug operations, the annual decline in the share of Chinese drug injections, and the share of anti-infection and other specialized drugs have also continued to decline, with the share of Chinese drug injections, anti-infection operations in operating income declining to about 4 per cent and 6 per cent, respectively, in 2021, and it is expected that injecting drug and anti-infection operations will stabilize in the future.
At present, the company is developing a large-scale pharmaceutical formulation granular business, which is a Chinese-medium-formulated granule company that can produce more than 600 varieties of single-flame formulation granules. The market for formulation granules is large and requires a whole-of-the-industry chain capability, industry regulations are tight, entry barriers are high, companies are highly advantaged and are expected to lead the industry in the future.
4.1 per cent of operating income. In project 71, the product layout was modelled around the strategic areas of tumours, osteoporosis, skin, breathing, and antiseptic infections. One of the small molecular target types was a new anti-cancer drug, qbh-196 was well under way, and clinical trials were carried out.
Dzqe, an innovative medium drug for inter-annual symptoms, is currently in pre-clinical preparation.
Assumption 2: the company has continued to optimize its prescription operations in recent years, the 2020 anti-drug policy and the drug-concentration procurement policy have led to the business ' s performance, its future temperature and recovery, and the company ' s prescription particle operations are expected to become new growth points.
We have selected the four companies that are the most closely related to the Chinese industry’s trinity industry, Chinese medicine, antelope pharmaceuticals, the Healthy People’s Group, and the Trinity Medicine industry, with an average of 26 times the number of pe in 2021 and 21 times the average number of pe in 2022.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.