Lithium Tianqian industry: Resource advantage cashed and still available for the future Events: company annual report 2022, which generated business income of $40,449 million, an increase of 427.82 per cent over the year; net profit of $24,125 million, an increase of 1,060.47 per cent over the year, realized deductions
Production of 1349,000 tons, or 41.37 per cent more than the previous year; sales of 759,000 tons, or 759,000 tons more than the previous year; Joint Chief Analysis of the Yellow Shilling Metals & New Materials Industry.
The impact of a number of positive factors, such as accelerated expansion of production capacity and an increase in downstream positive material orders, was marked by a marked increase in sales and average sales prices of the company ' s main lithium products in 2022 compared to 2021; and (2) a significant increase in the company ' s key affiliates ' s sqm performance in 2022.
The company has a significant cost advantage through the top lithium resource project. The company currently has the largest and highest-grade lithium mine, the Lithium Brebrethite project, through the Australian holding subsidiary Vanfield. The project has about 12.86 million tons of lithium lce, the average lithium oxide grade.
1.5 per cent; reserves of approximately 8.24 million tons lce, with an average grade of lithium oxide of 1.9 per cent; the mine was completed at the end of 2022 with a capacity of 1.62 million tons/year, with a total of about 1.35 million tons of lithium concentrate and a global share of tons/year; in the medium term, Green Bush is also planning to build a chemical phase 4 processing plant to take it forward.
Expanding the production capacity of lithium concentrates, by which time the total capacity will reach 2.6 million tonnes/year. At the same time, the company has reached only 6:1 magnesium ratio in tons of lce, at concentrations of more than 1,500 mg/l. In 2022, the volume of resources and grade was among the highest in the world.
The production of lithium chemical products belonging to the company in 2022 accounted for 9.5 per cent of total global production. The company has now become one of the few source companies with the world's highest-quality core of hard rock lithium mines and lithium salt lakes, with a total of 60,792,000 tonnes of corporate resources and equity resources.
14.42 million tonnes of lce. The advantages of sufficient lithium resources can help companies to further strengthen their moating rivers when they upgrade their industry.
The company is actively smelting up end-of-life capacity to match the expansion of upstream resources.
\triangleright Production Bases for Lithium Production in Sichuan, China, Chongqing, Kulin, Jiangsu, Zhang Jia Hong and Quanana, Australia, producing lithium chemical products including hydrogen oxidation
Lithium, lithium carbonate, lithium chloride and lithium metal. The company currently produces 688,000 tonnes/year of lithium chemical products, more than 110,000 tonnes of planned lithium chemical products and 300,000 tonnes per year of planned production over the next five years of strategic planning. The Sichuan settlement project is building 20,000 tonnes of carbon acid per year.
Lithium plant, which the company expects to complete in the second half of 2023, and enter the debugging phase. The Quinana 1 phase of the Quanana project is at the threshold of an energy climb and external validation; phase 2 is also in the lead-up phase, and the company expects the future of the Quinana plant to be complete.
The cogeneration capacity will reach 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide per year. In the future, as new lithium salt production is built in the middle of the company and the production of the Green Bush lithium concentrate grows, it is expected that the company's lithium self-sufficiency rate will remain high and integrated through the “Lithium mining plus lithium processing”
The company builds diversified customer structures and enhances sustainable development capabilities. The company’s lithium chemical products are sold globally, with exports mainly of lithium hydroxide, mainly for downstream Japan and Korea, among others.
The firm’s client structure is shifting from the previous positive material industry to the whole chain of the positive, battery and vehicle, with the growth of the company’s capacity and the rapid development of the industry, with the order model gradually moving from a one-size-fits-all approach to a long-term strategy.
Through long-term collaboration with downstream producers, former companies have gradually entered into strategic partnerships with downstream companies such as the global manufacturers of big battery materials, multinational battery companies, and glass fibres and ceramics, which can be customized for customers.
\triangleright \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology \Technology
Drive mode. Through research and development innovation, companies continue to build on traditional backbone operations, while saving energy and reducing consumption and upgrading the quality of their products, actively deploy new products (technology) for the future core of the industry, striving to diversify the business of the public sector and achieve a two-nuclear drive for “resources plus technology”. In 2022, the company completed its work.
The first phase of special lithium salt preparation and platform construction resulted in the development of and market-based marketing standards for kg-grade lithium dihydrate and lithium tetrablonate products; and the completion of the pre-test expansion of lithium sulfide with the next generation of solid batteries, which increased the purity of lithium sulfide to 99.9 per cent and reduced the impurity by 90 per cent.
In addition, the company has successfully developed a 20-m3-class ultra thin metal lithium belt and made small batch stabilization, and in the case of the integrated waste-recycling of lithium, the company has completed the export and patenting of the package from laboratory to mid-test (60t/dry-base) scale.
The asset-liability ratio has been significantly reduced by the successful distribution of h-equity shares. In 2022, the company successfully completed the issuance of h \triangleright shares and used its own funds and Hong Kong shares ipo to collect and repay the M & A loans.
By the end of 2022, the company had repaid all the Chinese syndicates, M&A loans, and some other financial liabilities, and the asset-liability ratio had been significantly reduced, with the end of 2022 asset targets. At the same time, the a+h stock platform was expected to bring an internationalized perspective to the company and to the company’s business.
Rapid and healthy development provides strong capital support for the formulation and optimization of corporate strategic planning, and helps to guide companies in their active pursuit of development strategies. Under the two-carbon target, the long-term trend in new energy sources remains unchanged.
For the future, the sales of new energy vehicles amount to 1,0824,000 vehicles, an increase of 61.6 per cent over the same period, and the global sales of new energy vehicles are expected to reach more than 50 per cent annually in 2025 and 2030, respectively. According to the data, in 2022, the global lithium ion battery was the total.
Global sales of lithium ion batteries will reach 2211.8 and 6080.4gwh, respectively, with a combined growth rate of 22.8 per cent, and global market “green low-carbon” trends are expected to drive the rapid demand for lithium electricity in applications such as new energy vehicles, storage, etc.
Upgrade, which in turn is expected to drive demand for upstream lithium salt, risk factors: lower than expected releases of upstream lithium resources; less than expected progress in smelting end-of-life capacity development; less than expected growth in the sale of new energy vehicles; and sharp fluctuations in lithium prices.
Chen Guanghui, M.A. in Metallurgical Engineering, University of China and South China, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for battery-related metal-related research; Yunlin, Master of Financial Science, George Washington University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for precious metals and small metals; White Violet, Master of Regional Economics, University of Gilling, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for new talent such as light metals such as zolpidium and lithium cobalt
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.