The Center for Resources and Environmental Research, commercial liquidity, worth more than a billion dollars in the medium term, will provide a net profit gain of 19.25 billion dollars: the flow of traffic to the country's main hub airport.
A total of $41 billion was raised to 42.5% for the new tax-exempt agreement. Prior to 2022, the T1 terminal had not been included in the new agreement, and sales were expected to be higher than actual sales and the terms of the new agreement were slightly higher than expected.
The company’s performance has increased, and the Shanghai airport’s commercial liquidity has risen even further. There will not be a much larger recovery in the short term from the surge in landings, a slight recovery in passenger throughput, an international line, a bright spot: sanctions were lifted at Shanghai airport in May, but due to air space and air traffic security resources, among other things.
1. " Increased profitability, long-term configuration of the hub airport " , restrictions on the number of passenger and air charter flights, and the continued low rate of landings and landings at Shanghai airport, which increased by only 2.4 per cent and 3.7 per cent in May/June, respectively, while high aviation demand at Shanghai airport, with high passenger occupancy rates
2. " Flow warmer waits, business is the main point of view - high, with a 1.5 pct rise in the broad body ratio, and passenger tong speeds are different from those of aircraft landing and landings. " Scissors are different. " Shanghai airport is also positioning an international complex hub, actively improving the network of international routes, depending on the country.
In Shanghai, Japan, a new tax-exempt agreement is expected to raise the rates for international routes, and revenue from air operations will continue to grow steadily.
The expansion will gradually open up the space for performance growth, and we'll measure the output of the satellite hall, and De Gaulle will boost the company's investment earnings by about 170 million dollars.
Higher volumes, faster net profit growth and higher net interest rates. We believe that the higher prices for oil prices when prices rise due to the time difference between the purchase of crude oil and the actual sale, the higher sales of oil from the market-adjusted flights are the main reason for the rapid increase in oil company profits in recent years and are expected to continue to provide stability.
It's now 27 times as high as the 2018 pe valuation. But we believe that Shanghai airport in the middle of the year, Su Bo-hung, still has room for growth and significant investment value. In the medium term, passengers will swallow 100 million times, at the same time.
Tax-exempt operations continue to grow at a high level, with net profits expected to reach 8 billion. We predict that the company's new satellite office costs for 2018-2020 are higher than expected, that the tax-exempt agreement is lower than expected, and that it has an unexpected impact.
The speed of the landing and landing missions remained low, the international line became a bright spot in Shanghai airport in May, the penalties were lifted and the Civil Aviation Authority resumed processing requests for airline passenger transportation at Pudong airport for overtime, chartering and additional flights. However, it was limited by air space and air traffic security resources, among other factors.
In May/June 2018, there were 427,417 aircraft landings at Shanghai airport, an increase of 2.4 per cent and 3.7 per cent, respectively, which remained low after the lifting of sanctions.
It is expected that in July, the Civil Aviation Authority will approve part of the overtime work, charter applications, and the landings will increase or return slightly. However, as the first summer season of total time control, the Civil Aviation Authority is expected to be more cautious about the resumption of overtime, planning the number of flights or approaching the upper limit of air control capacity, and the entire Shanghai airport will be down.
Although the rate of aircraft landings at Shanghai airport has remained low, the rate of passenger throughput has recovered slightly.The cumulative rate of passenger throughput at Shanghai airport in January-June 2018 was 36.69 million, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period.
In 2017, the rate of increase was 6.5 per cent, and we found that the speed of passenger throughput was different from the speed of aircraft landings and landings, with a cumulative increase of 25,080,000 landings at Shanghai airport in January-June 2018, an increase of 3.0 per cent, compared with the cumulative number of brigades in the same period.
The difference in passenger traffic is 4.5 pct, compared to 2.6 pct in 2017. We believe that the reason for the increase in passenger traffic at Shanghai airport and the increase in aircraft landings is, first of all, the high demand for air traffic and the increase in passenger occupancy.
The city has reached 40%, and the number of passengers has increased by 1.1 pct since early 2018. In addition, tension, the airline has invested more of its wide body capacity in Shanghai Airport, and the wide body capacity has increased the rate of passenger traffic.
The number of shifts was 24.8 per cent, an increase of 1.5 pct over the same period in 2017; the cumulative Shanghai airport landings and landings increased by 0.2 per cent in January-June, the international and regional lines by 7.1 per cent and 4.2 per cent, respectively, and the international and regional lines increased significantly, making them the most recent in Shanghai.
Passenger traffic is also characterized by a faster increase in international lines. The cumulative Shanghai aircraft traffic in January-June 2018 increased the domestic line by the same 3.7% and the international and regional lines by 12.6% and 6.3% respectively.
At the same time, tourism is warming back in such places as Japan and Thailand, and the demand for air travel supports the rapid growth of the international line at Shanghai Airport. According to the summer and autumn season flight schedule, the number of flights at Shanghai airport is around the international line.
40%. In the second half of 2017, Japan’s demand rebounded due to political and other constraints. The cumulative number of Korean-Thai exit trips between January and May 2018 was 9.65 million, an increase of 17.9% over the same period, and a decline of 11.7% over the same period in 2017.
In the broader context of current tensions, the construction of an enhanced international route, relying on higher charges for international routes, will mitigate the impact of some of the low flow levels, and the relative rate of increase in passenger throughput is rising and revenue from air operations will continue to grow steadily.
The new tax-free agreement adds up to the current stage of the flow flow of the country's main hub airport, where terminal commerce has become the main source of liquidity, and where non-air income, especially commercial rental income, has grown rapidly.
Two hundred and ninety million dollars, or 42.8 per cent more than the same year, represent more than 85 per cent of the income from commercial rentals. In March 2017, White Cloud Airport's entry tax-free shop opened its bid, the tax-free rate was significantly higher than expected, and our hub airport duty-free operation began to take the new steps.
On 31 March of that year, the original tax exemption agreement for the T2 terminal at Pudong Airport expired and the letter of reference for the new tax-free shop project was issued on 19 July. The rate of deductions after the new agreement was signed has increased significantly, the company ' s performance has been enhanced, and commercial liquidity will be upgraded to a higher level.
We hope to give a quantitative forecast of the incremental performance of the new agreement through the terms of the agreement, as well as some assumptions. The notification of the selection of the new agreement for tax exemption at Shanghai Airport has been officially sent to Sun Free (Shanghai) Limited.
The new agreement provided for a total of 41 billion guaranteed sales during the contract period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2025, of which 42.5 per cent for the t2 terminal had been used since 2019 and t1 had to be split between the tax-exempt sales in Shanghai in T1, t2 and the Rainbow Bridge on the day of the new agreement in order to calculate the increase.
According to the Shanghai Proclamation of Shanghai, Shanghai, which was acquired by the Chinese National Brigade, Shanghai received approximately 20 per cent of the year on the third quarter of 2017 (the main camp, Shanghai Pao, paid tax-free camp for the summer season), and it is expected that Shanghai will receive approximately 634/0/8 = $7.9 billion on the whole of 2017.
After the original agreement for the station expired on 31 March 2018, only the revenue from the t1 terminal was included, and the operating income fell slightly in 2019 from that projection, while the operating income from the 2020 and 2021 seasons also needed to be measured as a share of the tax-free operating income from the Pudong T1/t2 terminal and the Rainbow Bridge.
On the assumption that 20 per cent of the business income was reversed in 2017, the t1 terminal received tax-free revenue of 43.5/(1+20 per cent) 2=30.2 billion, the t2+Risk bridge of 79-30.2=48.8 billion in 2017 and the t1 terminal of 30.2/79=38 per cent, and the t2+Ribow bridge accounted for 30.2/79 = 38 per cent.
In 2017, 34.72 million international and regional passengers at Pudong Airport and, according to customs data, 3.0650 million international and regional passengers at Rainbow Bridge Airport in 2015, if measured by the rate of increase in overall passenger traffic, will be able to reach the airport.
International passenger traffic at Rainbow Bridge Airport was approximately 3.3 million times in 2017, while international passenger traffic at Rainbow Bridge Airport was 330/(330+3472) = 9% compared to two international passengers in Shanghai.
If the tax-free sales at Pudong Airport in Shanghai are calculated by 20 per cent per year, it will be possible to increase the tax-free sales from Shanghai to Shanghai.
In 2019, the base level was $3.17 billion, corresponding to 31.7/42.5% of t2 sales = $7.47 billion, while the t1 terminal entered the scope of the new agreement, the actual sales would be larger than the base sales, and the airport would be tax-free on the basis of actual international sales.
On this basis, the actual revenue raised from Shanghai Airport during the new contract period was $52.62 billion. (The calculation process assumes that: 1. The tax-exempt sales acceleration contract period is 20 per cent; 2. Within the 2019 framework of the Satellite Office, the projected sales under the new contract are therefore zero.)
With regard to the new agreed increases, first of all, it is assumed that the original rate of the t1 and t2 terminal seizures was 26 per cent, so in 2019 the Shanghai airport tax-exempt performance was 1.70 billion.  In accordance with the terms of the announcement, we analysed the Shanghai airport tax-exempt increases in three paragraphs.
t1+t2 new contract. 8 years of tax exemption would provide a net gain of $19.25 billion if compared to the 26% deduction rate of the original contract.
Multiply by 38-26 per cent = 12 per cent; t2 originally raised revenue (phase 2) for t2 projected sales less t2 originally raised income, excluding t1, phase 3 for contract increment based on actual sales multiplied by t1, phase 2 for contract bid plus t2 new contract in volume III
t1+t2 New contract increment; net profit in the new tax-free agreement multiplied by total income increment multiplied by tax rate De Gavage Advertisement: growing scale of beneficial operations Shanghai Airport indirectly holds 50% De Ghex in 2005 through Airfield Advertising.
A 15-year exclusive advertising management contract has been signed with Shanghai Airport, the Consortium, with exclusive rights to develop and operate with all internal and external media at Shanghai East International Airport and Shanghai Rainbow Bridge International Airport.
▪ The airport advertising audience includes, in addition to passengers on board, transport crews, airport workers, and field offices. Research data show that the advertising actually reaches about 1.59 times the number of passengers.
In terms of business models, the Shanghai airport advertising industry has introduced private capital, formed joint ventures, worked with the media, joined private capital in advertising networks throughout the country, and accepted advanced technology.
In the cooperation model between Shanghai Airport and the advertising joint venture, the joint venture pays annual rental fees for advertising positions as franchises, while the rest is split in proportion to equity. In 2017, De Gaulle made a net profit of $70 million, an increase of 9.1% over the same period, and in 2014-2015, due to Pou
The commercial space at Shanghai airport was also released as the t1 terminal was upgraded and the advertising operation was limited. De Gaulle, thanks to the exclusive ownership of the two advertising businesses in Shanghai and the positioning of the upper and middle ends, steadily increased the net interest rate, reaching 59.8% in 2017.
On the basis of the two Shanghai-based initiatives, De Gaulle is expanding its media network to Beijing's capital, the international airport of Chengdu, Chongqing North and Shenyang Po-Sian International Airport, which will gradually open up the space for performance growth as advertising is deployed throughout the country.
At present, the buildings at Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport amount to 1.28 million square metres, the largest single-body satellite hall in the world following the completion of the construction of the satellite halls in 2017. De Gaulle generated $1.17 billion in turnover, assuming the same advertising pavilion, and the satellite hall will generate an additional $11.7.128*62.2 = $570 million.
In 2017, the net profit on De Götgöt will increase by 5.7*59.8% = 340 million, while the net profit on de Götötötögöt will increase steadily.