Xiaokang shares (601127): suv performance, new energy strategy is expected to increase by 53.42 per cent compared to the same year; operating profits of $669 million, or 86.74 per cent compared to the previous year; major corporate operations have grown significantly, and suv products have been sold.
The manufacturing industry, which collects cars, engines, parts and components for development, production and marketing, is the leading enterprise in micro-car production in the country. It benefited from the prosperity of the country ' s automobile market, with 37192,000 cars sold throughout 2016, an increase of 36.7 per cent.
By sub-product, the company achieved a total vehicle income of RMB 150.09 billion, an increase of 53.72 per cent over the same period; total powered product revenue of RMB 524 million, an increase of 58.01 per cent over the same period; and motor vehicle spare parts income of RMB 296 million, an increase of 63.89 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, companies actively promoted the transformation of their products and made a success in the suv market, resulting in a sales volume of 86,000 vehicles (update) for only six months after the roll-out of the suv-type 580.
The company’s increase in interest rates during the reporting period was mainly due to a significant increase in sales earnings over the past year. The company’s future move toward a transformation of its products during the reporting period was expected to boost the new energy vehicle market.
The company’s new product has now received good market feedback. The company’s suv model is expected to continue its heat sales in the future as an important profit growth point for the company. At the same time, the company has established research and development in Silicon Valley in the United States.
The center, and a team of top techs, represented by experts from Tesla's founder, Eberhard, carried out pure electric power, smart car development projects and pure electric motor vehicle construction.
Project. The company ' s pure electric motor vehicle project has now been officially approved by the National Development and Reform Commission and is expected to build on the internationalization of research and development to share the growth of our new energy car market.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for receiving this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.