Xiaokang shares (601127) cars perform as expected, and the Troika drives growth, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC)
Events: The company published its annual report for 2016, which generated operating income of 16.19 billion yuan, an increase of 53.4 per cent over the same year, and net return to mothers of 510 million yuan, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the same period.
The company did not have suv products in 2015, as compared to the current price range of 580 suv of 75,000 to 100,000, with a marked increase in the price range relative to the mpv model of 35,000 to 65,000, and an improvement in the product structure reflected in the upswing of the product price hub and an increase in the sales of the suv product.
• Cost controls can be useful and R & D spending continues to rise. In 2016, the company rate was 11.9%, down 1.6 percentage points from the same rate. The sales rate was 6.4%, roughly the same as in the previous year, with administrative costs 5.3%, and cost controls were relevant, and while the management cost rate decreased, there was an increase in R & D expenditure.
Long, with technology development costs of $230 million, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, mainly due to increased development of new energy and automobile projects by companies. Lower financial costs are mainly due to increased bank deposits and interest income due to a significant increase in net operating cash flows as a result of the company ' s car-type heating.
• Driven by the strategic development of the company. First, the company continues to be strong on traditional fuel vehicle products, and in the next 1-2 years, the company will launch compact suv and small suv products to complete the product composition and drive a sustained increase in sales. Second, the new energy logistics vehicle, which was less active in 2016.
In the second half of 17 years, it is expected to benefit from the flow of logistics vehicles. Third: New energy use plates, although affected by new refinancing regulations, the company terminated the non-public issuer.
But now that the company has acquired new energy production qualifications, with a cumulative investment of more than $356 million, it is expected that $2.5 billion will be invested in the future to build up a new energy line of 50,000 vehicles per year. And the company’s full capital, sfmotor, is already in use at the U.S.’s research and development center, and will be based on silicon Valley’s industrial capital in the future.
Xiaokang shares (601127): Solid New Energy Motor Road Line, positioning high-end manufacturing (2016-12-21)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.