On January 10, 2017, the company announced that it had received an approval from the National Development Reform Commission for the construction of 50,000 electric vehicles per year.
Energy Motors Ltd. produces 50,000 pure electric cars a year. So Chongqing, a company owned by Xiaokang, became the eighth company in the country that successfully acquired the skills of independent new energy vehicles after the North, the Yangjiang, the future car, Chiré, the Min An, the Mandi Group, and Jiang bell.
\triangleright, according to the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Industry and Communications, dated 2 June 2015, issued a report on the construction of a new motor vehicle.
In addition to the previous full-sized enterprise, a new enterprise that wants to produce a new energy vehicle, it is required to pass the audit.
Since Xiaokang’s share in the vehicle is a joint venture with the east wind, and does not have independent driving skills, it is important for Xiaokang’s share in the production of new energy vehicles. Team-building, overseas M&As, replenishments, and qualifications make it possible for the company to efficiently promote a branding program for high-end electric vehicles.
Since 28 September, the company has announced the appointment of Tesla's founder and former ceoMartin Eberhard as its new energy car consultant, and the acquisition of acp to provide Tesla with an electric power control system solution. On 20 December, the company released a private, additional plan to finance nearly 4 billion high-end electric vehicles.
It shows the firmness of the company’s strategy to transform new energy vehicles and its strong enforcement power. The fundamentals remain good, with higher price increases providing a high security margin.
With the introduction of company suv products, the annual sales of companies reached nearly 380,000 in 2016, an increase of 37 per cent over the same year. Strong growth in corporate performance and negative price increases have provided a high security margin.
Based on the high growth of traditional cars in companies and the growth of new energy automobiles, we expect 2016, 2017, research assistants: the slowdown in the growth of the auto industry in the east of Zhang, with increased competition leading to lower returns; and new energy outreach projects less than expected.
1 Xiaokang (601127) Event Review: A Masters in Software Engineering, Beijing University, with four years of experience in 2012 as a member of the People ' s Solidarity Fund.
In 2016, it joined the private sector. Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xi'an University of Transport, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consultancy experience in the management of a consulting firm, focusing on user orientation, products, etc.
Card positioning, business strategic consulting: six years of work experience in large-scale commercial car enterprises, with the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management, familiarizing themselves with corporate strategies, product planning, marketing planning, etc. Joined civil securities in 2016, Xu Lingyu, assistant research assistant in the automobile industry. Master of Accounting, cpa, two years of professional experience, special focus on smart cars, and new energy motor vehicle research in 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.