Bank of Merchants (600036): Roe maintains a high position, and the Bank of Merchants is the first company in the country to be fully owned by a corporate entity in the year 2019.
On July 24, the company bank published the 1h19 performance report, the 1h19 net return profit of 506.12, the first pilot bank to be owned by the industry.
Bank groups with financial plates such as commercial banks, financial leases, fund management, life insurance, offshore banking, etc. 1.24 per cent negative rate at the end of June, 11 bp drop.
Net interest income showed better performance as a result of a steady increase in volume prices. 1h19 net profit for the parent increased by 13.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and a higher rate of increase in shares is expected to be maintained. 1h19 revenues increased by 9.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, 2q19 by a quarter increased by 7.3 per cent, and the ring by 1.2 per cent on a year-on-month basis increased by 1.2 per cent, mainly as a result of better performance in net interest income.
Net interest income of 1h19 increased by 13.5 per cent over the same period, while net interest income of 2q19 increased by 12.7 per cent over the same period by 1h19 amounted to non-interest income of 50.91 billion yuan, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the same period.
Recruiting as the leader of domestic retail banks has been the king in many areas, such as credit cards, wealth management, private banks, etc., building a moat of retail banks on the basis of Fintech, which has achieved a virtuous circle of “low-cost - higher interest differentials - optimized quality of loans - increased profitability” and has created the leading roe level.
Corporate retailing is relatively high, and it is prudent, and we expect it to be relatively less affected by economic fluctuations, and the financial and technological banking strategy is moving forward, and high-roe may be sustainable, and its net profits are expected to increase in 19/20.
East Hing Securities Corporation (ECSC) Reported Recruiting Bank (600036): Roe maintained a high, stable upscaling and asset quality maintained Schedule: Company Profit Forecast Table
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is a forward-looking investment analysis of the Research and Banking Unit.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports: Roe maintains a high position, has a steady price increase, has a consistently superior asset quality, does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor does it guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.