Retail leads, excellent fundamentals support the front line of the premium, the retail advantage of the merchant bank, the forward-looking strategic layout of the company, and a solid accumulation of enforcement, the customer base, product innovation and specialized customer services that enhance client stickyness, retailing position in the short term.
It's hard to get out of it. We think that a sound and prudent business style, a steady consolidation of the advantages of retailing, and a gradual demonstration of the effectiveness of financial and technological inputs make it more risky to defend itself in the lower run of the economy than retail dominance, and superior fundamentals support the long run premium.
The retail base has become stronger, the financial and technological inputs have increased, and there are pre-emptive advantages in the retail distribution of recruitments, which have accumulated significant advantages in credit cards, wealth management, and are difficult to catch up in the short term. Retail services have continued to increase, with retail line taxes in 2018.
In addition, companies have increased their investment in financial science and technology, which increased in 2018 to the same level. The vision and layout will ensure that future competitiveness in financial innovation will remain at the forefront of the industry.
Looking ahead, in 2019, we believe that recruitment resources continue to tilt in favour of retailing, and that the financial sector has been instrumental in deepening the strategic transformation of retailing, and that the contribution of retail lines to companies’ operations is expected to increase further.
Structurally, the asset structure continues to tilt in favour of loans (59.8% of loans in the first quarter). The quality of the company’s assets continues to improve, with the negative loan rate declining by 1 bp to 1.35% in the first quarter, five consecutive quarters since 2018, with asset quality performing well in the same type of bank.
Lightening is effective, capital replenishment is less stressful. The company’s lightening transformation is effective, roe is at a higher level in the industry (19.5% annual roe in the first quarter of 2019), and profitability is maintained.
We believe that a higher roe level would help supplement the built-in capital, corporate capital, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
The economic downturn is over-expected, financial regulation is over-expected.