July 25th, 2019.
Performance forecast for the first half of the year: further improvements in asset quality and acceleration of deposits
On the income side, net interest income has increased in double digits, driven by a combination of size and interest differentials. As the leader of China’s retail banks, retail sales are now more than half as much as they are, and financial science and technology are more powerful than finance and technology, further contributing to the transformation of its light banks. We appreciate the company’s retail business.
In the context of the current macroeconomic pressures, the current asset quality performance reflects its own strong control power. We believe that it should follow.
As a further improvement in the quality of its assets, it is likely that some counter-feeding will take place in the future for profit. Deposits increase at a higher rate, loans grow at a more robust rate.
The growth in size boosted the net interest income. 1h2019 net interest income was $87.4 billion, while yoy increased the share of institutional investors in circulation a.
13.5%, the main factor driving income-end growth. Net interest income growth is mainly driven by scale: we measure the size of the increase by 9 pct and the difference by 5 pct. Non-interest income by 2q2019 tax-exempt asset allocation and a drop in real income tax rates.
Sixty-nine.6 billion, yoy by 7.3%, pre-tax profits by 31.8 billion, yoy by 7.3%, net gains by 25.4 billion, and the impact of increased tax assets. In real income tax rates, we estimate that the real tax rate earned by 2q recruitment banks is around 20%, down from the same period last year (25%) and 1q2019 (23%).
1.40 x Rationale, sound valuation, firm and continuously improved quality of company assets, retail operations and technology applications, chinaresearchdept. This report is prepared by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not made by ... individual clients. This report cannot be duplicated or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to prior notice. The certificate of interest (Hong Kong) company and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in this report, i. or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate of profit (Hong Kong) company and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others.
_capitalgare# Taibei Hong Kong Shanghai 25 July 2019