The net profits of the merchant banks continue to grow faster, and Roe maintains the industry’s leading position. On the asset quality side, the negative rate has declined further, and the trend towards improvement in asset quality has continued.
Profit growth is expected, profitability leads, profitability leads, asset quality continues to improve 13.1 per cent increase in net profit in the first half of 2019 and one quarter increase (+11.3 per cent, yoy)
The decrease of 2.49 percentage points, with both interest and non-interest income increasing at a slower rate, represents a small decrease of 0.8 percentage points in the first half of the year compared to the first quarter (+14.3 per cent, yoy) and a projected two-quarter net interest rate of 2 percentage points, but in absolute terms remains a leader in the industry.
The size of the loan deposits continued to increase, the quality of assets continued to improve by percentage points, continued to grow at a faster pace, and demonstrated the ability of the company to deliver the best at the end of its liabilities.
The decline in the quality of assets was expected, and trade friction between China and the United States was further upgraded.
* The present report is being issued without formal editing and is being circulated as a document of the Economic and Social Council.
7.19 trillion yuan (+10.0 per cent, yoy/+5.88 per cent, qoq), deposits + 10.4 per cent, yoy/+5.50 per cent qoq. Operating income is equal to +9.65 per cent, net interest income net profit increases are expected, profitability leads to co-operability net profits increased by 13.1 per cent in the first half of 2019, and by 1.8 percentage points in one quarter (+11.3 per cent, yoy).
Six-monthly operating income increased by 9.65 per cent on a year-on-year basis and decreased by 2.49 percentage points over the first quarter, with interest and non-interest income increasing at a slower rate. In the first half of the year, non-interest income increased by 3.61 per cent on a year-on-year basis (vs2019q1, +8.62 per cent, yoy). Net interest income increased by 13.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared with 1 season, by 19.5 per cent, and by 0.14 percentage points on a small scale, but in absolute terms it remained a leader in the industry.
The size of the loan deposits has increased rapidly, and the quality of the assets has continued to improve. It has continued to grow faster, demonstrating the company’s excellent outreach capacity at the end of the debt. In terms of asset quality, by the second quarter, the firm’s negative rate was 1.24 per cent, the ring ratio was down by 12bps, and the company’s undesirable generation is expected to remain low and asset quality is expected to continue to improve.
According to the performance report for the first half of the year, the net profits of the merchant banks have continued to grow faster, with Roe maintaining a leading industry. In terms of asset quality, the negative rate has declined further, and the trend towards improvement in asset quality has continued. We expect that the banks will earn 1 share of each share in 2019-2020, and that the downside of the economy will lead to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy does not work as expected, the asset quality of the banking sector is at risk of deterioration, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Greater downward pressure affects the quality of banking assets.