Corporate rating report  Banking net interest margin narrows, asset quality continues to be optimized
Recently, the company published its semi-annual report for 2019. 1) The net return profit increased by 13.08 per cent over the year and retail financial services increased their contribution
During the first half of 2019, companies achieved business income of $13,301 million, an increase of 9.64 per cent over the same period;
This represents an increase of 19.77 per cent over the same period, representing 54.48 per cent of the company ' s operating income, an increase of 4.61 percentage points over the same period, and a continuous increase in the value contribution of retail financial operations.) The asset structure continues to be optimized, with a slight narrowing of the net interest margin ratio for the second quarter.
The corporate asset structure continues to be optimized, with a significant advantage on the end of the liability. At the end of the asset structure, the company’s assets are dominated by loans and advances, with retail loans increasing in size and proportion.
The share was 59.03 per cent, a decrease of 2.45 percentage points from the beginning of the year, but it remained at a higher level, with weak credit, lower returns on public loans and increased competition for deposits, resulting in higher savings costs. In the second quarter of 2019, average returns on corporate loans and advances were 5.27 per cent, compared with one quarter.
Point. Ipr followed the lead loan rate down, and the deposit competition was serious. In the second half of 2019, the firm achieved a net non-interest income of $50,894 million, an increase of 3.58 per cent, a decrease of 5.04 percentage points over the quarter, and a slowdown in non-interest income growth.
The data disclosed showed that companies realized $12,545 million in wealth management fees and commission revenue, and that there was a decline in operations such as finance, trustees, agency funds, etc.; other net income, changes in fair value net proceeds - $12 million, a decrease of $1,068 million, mainly in non-target investments in instruments, bonds, and others.
4. Continuously optimized asset quality, enhanced risk offset capacity Continuously optimized asset quality, reduced non-performing loans, interest loan balances and share, further enhanced risk loss offset capacity. As of the end of June 2019, the balance of corporate non-performing loans was increased.
Corporate retailing maintains industry leadership, robust profitability, long-term maintenance of roe industry leadership; continued optimization of asset and liability structure, high proportion of current deposits and significant cost advantages; steady medium-term asset quality and continued increase in risk offset capacity; and active promotion of strategic transformation and building
Light banks, a dynamic and balanced development of “quality, efficiency, scale” with a leading financial science and technology application industry, with a distinct competitive advantage. Together with firm fundamentals and stock price elasticity, we give