Performance is subject to short-term pressure from the industry cycle, and the progress of multiple new items is worth noting, such as the cyclical changes in the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre, which put pressure on performance. Companies optimize marketing channels, and actively open markets.
Rapid R & D overlaps, with 24q1 and parent net profit rings rising. 1) Sub-operations show that for 23 years, industrial control chips/information chip/solutions have generated revenues of $1.6/0.9/250 million, respectively, compared to this share, adding to the cost of the company ' s price pressure on some of the market ' s products. 3)
As a result of the related increase in arbitration costs, the management costs have remained almost the same as in the previous year, after deducting these costs. Companies have expanded their markets and continuously increased their R & D inputs, with R & D costs of $430 million over 23 years, an increase of 35.7 per cent compared with the increase of 35.7 per cent.
Multi-twice technology, capable of achieving tenth-generation nuclear four-wise levels, with significantly reduced costs; 3c6,000 delivery of fluids, breaking interconnectivity technology; 32 nuclear chip 3d5,000 completes productization and 3d5,000 double- and four-way servers are certified. When the e-government market has stagnated, corporate server and terminal card revenues are generated.
In addition, the core of the second-generation frame processor lig200 was largely pre-silicon certified, supporting the acceleration of graphics, the acceleration of scientific computing, and the acceleration of the ai. The core product has a lot of flowering.
In addition, while focusing on the convergence of information in the field of e-government and security applications, companies are actively pursuing priority sectors such as telecommunications, energy and marketing efficiency. Companies are improving marketing efficiency through product performance and performance.
Prices have been raised, eco-compatibility has been optimized, and competitiveness in policy markets has increased. While traditional e-government markets have been at a standstill for 23 years, cpu sales in the field of core informatization have declined significantly, server and terminal card revenues have increased significantly.
It's done in sequence, and we're going to keep the company's "buy-in" rating. It's going to work at the same time, and it's going to work.
In 23 years, the company ' s main product was still 3a5,000; in November 23 years, the company launched a new generation of generic processors, 3a6,000, with greater competitiveness in performance and value for money, and with the gradual recovery of the formal 3a6,000 production and the credit market in 24 years, the company ' s computerized chips are expected to recover. We expect an increase in information-based chip orders for 24-26 years.
Assumption 3: Solutions. 23 years of business growth is objective, mainly due to better sales of server cards and small shipments of cloud terminal cards. Cloud terminal cards, as one of the company’s priority directions, are expected to inject growth momentum into future releases. We expect solutions orders to grow at a rate of 13.0/22.0/24.0 per cent for 24-26 years, with Māori rates being asked separately.
When considering the scope of our operations, we have selected Xinwu-u as a comparable company; because the company is subject to the external environment and industry 48 times as much as the Xinwu-U counterpart. Since its creation, the company has been working on its own path of research and development, building autonomous ecosystems independent of the Wintel and aa ecology, introducing an autonomous command system, and mastering processor nuclears and ip.
Core technology for nuclear design has already achieved a high degree of core technological autonomy in the field of operating systems and basic software.24 The company will produce a full volume of 3a6,000 by the year, and multiple new products such as 3c6000 and 2k3,000 are expected to be launched and added to the company. Considering the company's adherence to the "point combination" approach, it is continuing to improve the generic cpu value for money and the ecology of the dragon architecture software.
At the same time, we maintain the risk of companies “buying products at a slower pace than expected, and the credit market recovering less than expected,” combining specific application needs, customizing specific chips and solutions, and opening up competition in the market. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.