In the third quarter of 2025, the q3 profit, driven by a steady increase in volume prices, was higher than +9%, and the year-round performance was better.
+1.4% of the same year, corresponding to a net gain of $10.3 billion for the mother, or +287% for the same year.
The Māori rate was over 50% in a single quarter, and the current price increase was effective. The Māori rate rose in a single quarter for 25q3 companies, leading to an increase in the Māori rate.
The \triangleright Division's minority shareholder gain/loss was $60 million, from JFK, with the minority shareholder gain/loss increasing by 302 per cent over the same period; we expect JFK to be profitable, with a profit of about $173 million in q3.
Keep in mind the steady increase in the price of the home line, the increase in the volume of cross-line operations, and the growth in performance. The number of passengers on the home line has increased steadily, and we believe that the flow of passengers may be sustained throughout the year, with a structural increase in the q3 fare, which is expected to increase steadily in the future; and that the cross-line network will benefit from the operation of JFK.
The logo has grown, and the company's performance has grown steadily throughout the year.
In the 2024 newspaper and the 2025 one-quarter review: the growth of cross-line operations is expected to bring about a reversal of the situation.
Performance rating of 2403 at Xiaojing High Iron: subsidiary Kingfu, Risk factors: macroeconomic volatility risk, liquidation policy adjustment risk, commission management risk, quarterly transfer of the Angkor emblem, low business requirements for the home line vehicle
Industry competition has increased the risks, and the number of traffic in the JFK emblems has not increased as much as expected.
In the area of major traffic, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, the Golden Mansion, No. 127, No. 1, in Beijing, in the western city district of Beijing, a number of provinces have been referred to external review boards, which have been partially unreconciled and have no direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.