Events: China People's Security published its annual report for 2020, achieving business income of 5636.1 billion yuan, compared to Wang Qing Dynasty.
The leading analysis of the non-bank financial sector was 34.4 per cent, and the first breakthrough was 30 per cent. Net return profit in 2020 was equal to 10.4 per cent.
\triangleright and the increase in the reserve accounts resulted in $818.6 billion in lost pre-tax profits.
The cost of insurance coverage has increased at a flat rate, and credit guarantee insurance has slowed the rate of non-car insurance. The cost of insurance insurance has increased by $432.02 billion, equal to the same amount, of which car insurance operations have increased from +1 per cent to $265.65 billion, resulting from a rapid increase in insurance coverage from credit guarantee premiums to 76.8 per cent.
Car insurance is more profitable than industry, and credit guarantee insurance costs drag the combined cost rate.
Profitability is better than industry, with insured profits equal to +7.4 per cent and combined cost rates falling by 0.2 to 96.5 per cent, with vehicle insurance coverage rates equal to -1.8 to 58 per cent, mainly due to the continuous reduction of efficiency gains and exposure rates through impairments such as driver ' s equivalency, technology erosion, etc.
In non-car insurance, the combined cost rate is 103.3 per cent and the insured loss is $4.661 billion, mainly due to an increase in the combined cost of credit guarantee insurance from 23.1 ppts to 144.7 per cent, resulting in a loss of insurance of $5.104 billion, of which the higher level of credit risk and the tightening of the size of the business have resulted in letters.
The life insurance structure has been further improved, with nbv growing at a faster pace.
The same ratio was between 2% and 19.12 billion yuan, while the business was renewed at 47.4 billion yuan, + 8%, the same period
The slowdown was mainly due to the growth of new business values and the decline in investment returns, respectively, as a result of changes in models and assumptions and the contribution of market value adjustments.
The share of the first-year long-term insurance premium rose by 7.5 to 32.8 per cent, and the ratio of the insurance premium to the insurance channel by +4.8 to 57 per cent. With the roll-out of the large risk strategy and the rock plan, the human mass rose to 10.2 per cent per month.
There is a steady increase in return for investment, which is better than for industry. The company captures the peak of local debt issuance and \triangleright.
Interest rate upturning window, increasing the allocation of long-term bonds at relatively high interest rates Third party management asset size equal to +46.1 per cent with maintenance of old-age pensions and pension schemes
As the cost of the commercial car changes deepens, the company’s van risk profile is expected to be consolidated. The non-car business continues to suffer as a result of the increase in the rate of credit guarantee insurance payments.
We expect a gradual improvement in profitability in the future. In life insurance operations, life-risk value transformations, deepening, transitioning to higher risk channels, proximate quality improvements, nbv growth leading by risk factors: negative impacts of vehicle risk clean-up persist; the epidemic and natural disasters result in payment rates.
Increases; loss of agency capacity; investment resulting from large equity market fluctuations; reduced returns; lower interest rates will narrow the range of fixed interest rate instruments and affect accounting profits: non-car insurance premiums (million dollars) and speed of increase
Figure 2: Ratio of vehicle and non-car risks
Figure 7: Comparison of cost rates with industry Figure 8: Changes in cost rates by type of insurance Figure 9: Changes in channel premium structure
Figure 11: New business value of life insurance (million dollars) and rate of increase
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprises, University of Duren, United Kingdom, and former Deputy General Manager of Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Business, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Investment Portfolio, and Huatuan Securities. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-monetary financial research, Judining, Master of Arts, Graduated in Finance, University of Glasgow, United Kingdom, and worked in Taiwan's Fu State Securities and Silver Securities in April 2020.
Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019 to conduct research on the non-banking financial sector, which is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.