The company achieved operating income of $4,577 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 52.12 per cent in the same year, and net profit of $473 million in the first three quarters, after deducting investment returns, an increase of 194.3 per cent in the same year.
The profits of the first three quarters were $1,159 million, net profits of $473 million in the first three quarters after the investment returns were deducted, and the cash inflows in the single quarter were the highest ever.
In the first half of the year, the etc battery line adjustment and capacity climbs up, orders are full but confirmed less income, supply starts to fall short in the second half of the year, and delivery surges are accompanied by larger price increases. q3 quarter Māori rises by 33.24%, and the ring rises by 8 percentage points, i.e., the high Māori lithium primary battery pulls.
Production of more than 10 million units at an average unit cost of more than $9, expected revenue from three quarters of Lithium primary battery operations.
In the first three quarters, the company had 0.91gwh (of which lfp0.87gwh) and was ranked fifth in the industry. The company had a certain competitiveness.
The cost of power costs, financial costs, R & D expenses, etc., is also close to a profitable tipping point. Three-dollar packages are officially delivered to Daimler in July, with 0.2-0.3 gwh expected to be delivered in the second half of the year.
The company’s lithium primary battery and consumer battery are more profitable, the delivery of soft-pack batteries opens up a new phase of growth, the e-smoking outbreak continues to grow beyond expectations, and some of the disturbance factors remain unchanged from the four-quarterly high growth trend.
Power cell customers are expanding and selling less than expected, expansion and capacity are using less than expected, electricity continues to outperform expectations for the third quarter of the year, and companies achieved operating revenues of $4.577 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 52.12 per cent, resulting in a net return of $1,159 million to the mother.
Of these, q3 achieved income of 2,047 million yuan, an increase of 81.95 per cent, a return rate of 33.24 per cent, and an increase of 8 percentage points in the ring, mainly due to high-mori Lithium cells. Net profit of $473 million in the first three quarters of the year, after deducting the return on investment, increased by 194.3 per cent.
q3 An increase in the amount received in advance and a 3.5 pcc decrease in the cost of the period and a significant increase in net cash flows. The company ' s inventory at the end of the third quarter of 2019 was 977 million, a decrease of 18.6 per cent compared with the beginning of the year, and a decrease of 13.3 per cent compared to the end of the first half of the year.
q3 net operating cash flow of $367 million, single-quarter cash inflow levels of 2.etc-induced overall profit increases in lithium primary batteries, etc.
Adjustments and productivity climbs, orders are full but recognized less income, supply is low in the second half of the year, and the price increases are greater when the volume of shipments rises sharply. In the first half of the year, the Māori rate for lithium primary batteries has reached 40.5%, the Māori rate is expected to be in the second half of the year, and revenue from the Litium primary battery business is expected to reach $700 million in the third quarter.
Figure 2: Billions of Lithium-Obu Double Power Programme
On 28 May, the National Development Reform Commission and the Ministry of Transport issued a joint announcement that, by the end of December 2019, the number of Internet users nationwide had exceeded 180 million, and the rate of fast-track fees for highways without parking had reached more than 90 per cent.
13,448.9 million, 75.18 per cent of the total distribution of 19,085.56 million. More than 70 per cent of the Etc vehicle-mounted units are driven by a billion-latitude lithium energy source.
The average annual replacement of 12.5 per cent (8 years of life) is calculated. 3. Lithium consumption is growing robustly and expanding the new consumption scene.
The competition in this area is milder than cellular batteries, flatboard computer batteries, and market size; 2) 1865 cylinder batteries, originally planned for power cells, are gradually converted to consumer batteries.
The scene was dominated by electric tools, electric bicycles, and was characterized by a high degree of standardization and uniformity, with product prices being fully sold compared to cylinder batteries, dominated by electric tools and a two-wheel market. Key customers tti continued to produce new products and income and market shares continued to grow. tti tool products were innovative, and manual tools, for example, were electricized.
Manual tools, such as hammers, cable cutters, etc., have been electrocuted: from wired (plug-in) to wireless (charge-up) to more easily powered by lithium batteries; and electrical tool properties regulated by wireless devices. Figure 4: Tti operating income growth is robust
Figure 5: Electrodynamic, non-lined and intelligent tools Smart wear products in large quantities and variety, driving demand for consumer batteries. The company ' s introduction of a rechargeable bean pool would greatly enrich the dynamism and richness of the wireless smart wear industry, with smart handrings, smart watches, and smart watches for the 5g era.
Smart wear products such as wireless headphones provide a richer and more colourful experience. Industrializing is increasing, and it's going to be a figure 6: Rechargeable bean batteries open up the market for wearing smart equipment.
The company’s lithium phosphate battery is competitive and is about to turn to a profitable point. The company’s operations include a portion of the tri-cylinder and lithium phosphate, with revenues of $1.02 billion in the first half of 2019, a profit of $82 million, and a profit on the books.
The cost, and the calculus plate, is close to the threshold of profitability. Lithium phosphate is currently stable in its client structure, and the top three clients are Nanjing Kinglong, East Wind, and Gilly Commercial.
The company’s three-dollar package, which officially started delivery to Dymler in July, is expected to deliver 0.2-0.3 gwh in the second half of the year. In 2018, the three-dollar package was successfully introduced into the Daimler system, in 2019 into the modern-Kiae system, the power cell package began delivery overseas, and the strategy for the future is to keep the poles up.
Figure 8: Company capacity of phosphate lithium in the three quarters of 2019 0.87gwh: company total load of phosphate in the three quarters of 2019 0.91gwh in the three quarters of 2019
The company plans to pay $525 million in cash to co-build 20-25gwh capacity. Overseas electric acceleration, compared to other competing power cell head players such as Sdi, lig chemistry, and pineapple, is relatively small in capacity and more expansionary in capacity.
Figure 9: Expansion of the commercial capacity of international power cell plants International power cell capacity lg chemistry  three star sdi
5. The e-smoking policy disturbance remains to be clarified, the overall impact of the controllable new tobacco policy disturbance is high, and the United States market problem is still to be observed. As the United States has put in place a number of recommendations and interim measures for pulmonary disease due to youth abuse, suspected to be caused by e-smoking.
In the United States, more than 1,000 cases of pneumoconiosis, suspected of being caused by electromagnetization systems, have now been declared, of which more than half are known by doctors, with 17% using nicotine alone and 78% using thc (cannabinol). Thus, industry assumes that this may be due to illegal thc-mogification products.
Since the export of American smoky-related business accounts for 10-20% of corporate income, short-term ban on smoky smoke has some impact on companies, but overall control: 1) customer structure, companies are more stable with end-users in markets such as Europe and Asia (Japan), and outside the United States (about 50%) have a more liberal regulatory environment that can hedge some policy risks. There are 3.5 million e-smoking in the United Kingdom.
In France, there are 3 million users of e-smoking, together with more than 10 million users in mainstream markets such as Germany and Spain, the smoker base is the same as in the United States. 2) In terms of the structure of the operations, McVeil is supported by cbd, heat-free (smoking) operations. 3) Productive capacity is gradually released to open up new domestic markets, and q4 is sustained by the same high growth trend.
The company’s lithium primary batteries and consumer batteries are more profitable, the delivery of soft-pack batteries opens up a new phase of growth, the electronic smoke outbreak continues to grow faster than expected, with some of the disturbance factors remaining unchanged from the four-quarterly high growth trend. The company’s power cell customers are expected to expand and sell less than expected, the expansion rate and capacity are not as high as expected, and the electronic smoke industry is expected to use less than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.