Pharmacy (603259.ch/2359.hk) 1q21 Performance: high growth rate constant, cdmo business growth
1q21 Income increased by 55 per cent to RMB 4.95 billion on a year-on-year basis, net profit on motherhood by 395 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net profit on adjusted non-ifrs by 64 per cent on a year-on-year basis
Cdmo’s growth is strong, and US district laboratory operations are still affected by the epidemic. The Māori ratio rose from 2.7 to 37.1 per cent in the same period last year, investment earnings were 480 million (11 pcts as a proportion of income) and equity gains of 210 million (as a proportion of income) in fair value changes.
.cdmo's business growth is strong, and US district laboratory operations are still affected by the epidemic. 1) In China District, revenues from laboratory services increased by 49% to 2.56 billion yuan, with orders growing rapidly. Māori 169 new members joined the pipeline, 11 of which were ii and iii projects transferred from competitors.
There are currently 46 clinical ii phase projects and 28 commercialization projects. The Māori rate is the same as the increase of 3.7 pcts to 43.5%; 3) US District Laboratories income is 15% lower than the increase, while 1q21 is affected by the epidemic; 4) Clinical Research Services revenue is 57% higher than the increase.
Up to $360 million, as a result of the low base of last year ' s epidemic, China ' s business growth was strong at 64.7 per cent, with the Māori rate increasing by 5.3 pcts to 17.1 per cent over the year.
Analysis and forecasting of financial statements - drug Minds e = bloomberg forecast e = bloomberg forecast
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
EXCHANGE: Corporate growth is better than expected. The globalization of the new crown pneumonia epidemic could lead to a recession, and Euro-American companies are buying and buying to expand their business, making their total income more robust than expected.
Drug companies have reduced R & D spending and suspended R & D projects, resulting in less than expected revenues for companies, especially from the European and American regions: new business brings more growth.
The failure of the R & D project caused the loss of customers and affected income.
EXCHANGE: Corporate growth is better than expected. The globalization of the new crown pneumonia epidemic could lead to a recession, and Euro-American companies are buying and buying to expand their business, making their total income more robust than expected.
(b) The new business is generating more growth momentum.
The failure of the R & D project caused the loss of customers and affected income.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Cards Group-Phi Jin International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Phi Jin International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements can be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities. Poo-Sil-Sil-Seong International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, Associated Public Divisions (collectively “Pu-Sil-Sil-Silver International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities that are described or related to the companies in this report, and may be bought or sold from time to time.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]