The company published its annual report for 2020: During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $16.54 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent;
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $2.96 billion, an increase of 59.6 per cent over the same period; realization of an adjusted and internationally leading platform for the development and integration of the entire industrial chain.
In 2020, China Regional Laboratory Services, Small Molecular Cdmo Services, US District Laboratory Services, Clinical Research Crop Services four main sections achieved operational income of 85.5, 52.8, 15.2 and 1.17 billion yuan, representing 52%, 32%, 9% and 7% of the company ' s overall operating income.
The company has a large, diverse and loyal client base. In 2020, more than 1,300 new customers were added to the company, providing services to more than 4,200 clients from more than 30 countries around the world, with 94% of the income from the original clientele.
Each year, q2 domestic outbreaks are under basic control and the global epidemic is spreading. With global layout, the whole industry chain is superior, the company’s Chinese district laboratory services and cdmo plates take on a large number of orders, guaranteeing the continuity of their clients’ R & D progress and business continuity. In 2020, China’s district laboratory services achieved revenue of $8.55 billion, an increase of 32.0 per cent.
Cdmo achieved business income of $5.28 billion, an increase of 40.8 per cent over the same period; and Māori achieved a Māori rate of 41.2 per cent, an increase of 1.3 percentage points, with a gradual scaling effect. While laboratory and clinical co-services in the United States are relatively affected by the epidemic, client demand remains strong.
In 2020, US District Laboratories reached $1.52 billion in revenues, a 3.0% decrease in the same year, mainly due to the continued spread of the US epidemic, which hampered operations. The company’s clinical development operations in China and the United States and the signing of new orders were also hampered by the epidemic, the revenue growth phase slowed, but clinical trial services (cds) and on-site management.
Services (smo) performed well, with orders growing by more than 48% and 41%, respectively. Wookaku responded by 86.2, 65.4 and 49.2 times.
The open new drug research and development service platform for service capacity is expected to benefit fully from the rapid development of the global market for outsourcing services for new drug research and development. The “buy-in” rating is maintained.
Extension - Phenomenon 2020 (603259.sh) q3 Performance Acceleration Growth, Long-term Development Timetable - Pharmacy Convergence (603259.sh) Tri-quarter 2020 reporting point
I. The leading global platform for pharmaceutical research and development, production integration, and fundamentals
In the field, the main business can be divided into Chinese district laboratory services, contracted production of research and development services (cdmo), US district laboratory services, clinical research, and other cro services, covering the entire process from conceptualization to commercial production. Clients can choose the services of companies at any stage of small molecule new drug development, effectively shortening the research and development cycle and improving research and development capacity.
The Division has 29 operating bases and branches worldwide, with major clients covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies and various new drug research and development institutions worldwide, with more than 4,200 active clients from more than 30 countries worldwide. (i) The leading advantage of the epidemic is highlighted, with continued high performance.
Performance meets expectations, and corporateization is a strong foundation. In 2020, the company achieved operating revenues of $16.54 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent. Overall, the outbreak of the new domestic crown epidemic in one quarter and the global epidemic in the second quarter, with a greater negative impact on company-owned operations, turned the epidemic into a threat, with global layout and a better whole-of-business chain coverage.
Corporate size effects have increased even further. In 2020, companies achieved net profits of $2.96 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 59.6 per cent, and scale effects have continued to increase corporate profitability; and q2 achieved net return profits at a rate of 252 per cent.
The impact of some fair value changes in financial instruments, such as equity incentive costs, tradable gains and losses, equity investment gains, etc., has been eliminated, and companies have been able to achieve a steady increase in the adjusted net profit of non-ifrs and 3.57 billion yuan in the adjusted net profit of non-ifrs by 2020, an increase of 48.1% over the same year; and the adjusted net profit of non-ifrs on the basis of the return of non-ifrs has also been steadily increasing.
The company ' s adjusted net return profit rate for noon-ifrs in 2020 was 21.6 per cent, an increase of 2.9 points over the same period in 2019. percentage points, mainly due to the impact of the new crown epidemic, limited operations, delays in the implementation of related projects, resulting in a more or less stable inter-revenue cost rate of 3.6 per cent, an increase of 0.2 points, in addition to the financial cost rate; and administrative cost rates
The increase of 3.0 points is mainly due to a significant increase in exchange rate losses.
(ii) The integrated enabling platform continues to enhance business synergies, with highly sticky clients. Corporate operations cover drug research and development, full production processes, and strong inter-business synergies.
1) Contract R & D services (cro): The new drug development is a complex system project, and the corresponding cro operation also covers the drug discovery phase, pre-clinical research, clinical research, and the new drug registration service.
China District Laboratory Services: covers the discovery and analysis and testing of small molecular chemicals carried out by companies in the Chinese region, covering a range of related operations such as synthetic chemistry, biology, pharmaceutical chemistry, analytical chemistry, drug metabolic dynamics and toxicology, biological analysis services and testing services.
American District Laboratory Services: covers companies operating in the United States through their fully-owned subsidiary apptec (Pharma Condé America). Apptec operates laboratories in Philadelphia, São Paulo, and Atlanta, the United States.
Clinical research and other cro operations include, inter alia, clinical trial management, surveillance and clinical trial data analysis services, bed coordination and on-site management services, and cro support services.
(2) Contract production/contract production R & D (cmo/cdmo): This module is provided mainly through a holding subsidiary that combines the entire pharmaceutical industry.
Pharmaceutical commissioning: the company ' s cmo business, the basic operating model of which is a commission from the pharmaceutical company, supports process development, formulation development, mainly in clinical use, intermediate manufacture, raw material production, formulation production (e.g., powders, needles) and tailor-made manufacturing operations such as packaging.
Small molecular new process R & D and production operations: the company ' s cdmo business will provide pharmaceutical companies with the process R & D and the optimization, formulation development and trial production services required for the production of innovative medicines, as well as further customized production services ranging from the kg to the ton level on the basis of the above-mentioned R & D and development services. The company will have its own high-technology value added process R & D capability.
Companies continue to increase the synergy of integrated enabling platforms, with highly sticky customers. China’s regional laboratory services, small molecules, cdmo
Services, US District Laboratories, Clinical Research and other co-services are the company’s four main lines of business, which together form the company’s top-down, integrated R & D, production service platform, seamlessly connects all stages of the cro+cdmo, significantly improves R & D efficiency, promotes synergies among the company’s service modules, and greatly enhances client stickyness. In 2020, the company came from its original clientele.
Income was 15.50 billion yuan, an increase of 32.1 per cent over the same year; income from new clients was 1.03 billion yuan. In 2020, the Chinese District Laboratory Service, small molecule cdmo services, US District Laboratory services, clinical research and four other cro services achieved operational income of 85.5, 52.8, 15.2 and 1.170 billion yuan, representing 52 per cent, 32 per cent, 9 per cent and 7 per cent of the company ' s total operating income, respectively.
In 2020, the company’s regional laboratory service generated $8.55 billion in revenue, an increase of 32.0% compared to the previous year, and was affected by a complete shutdown of the domestic outbreak. After the second quarter of the country’s full resumption of work, the market demand was strong and customers abroad were forced.
The U.S. District Laboratories have experienced a decline in revenues affected by the epidemic. The US District Laboratories services have mainly consisted of cellular and gene therapy product processes.
Development, production and testing of integrated services (ctdmo) and medical equipment testing services. The company’s US District Laboratories were affected by a new local coronary outbreak, resulting in a decline in revenue stages. In 2020, the company’s US District Laboratories provided ctdmo services for 36 clinical stages of cell and gene therapy projects, including 24 i-programming and 12 ii/ii clinical trials.
Project. In 2020, US District Laboratories reached $1.52 billion in revenues, a 3.0 per cent decrease in the same year; Māori was 21.7 per cent, to a greater negative impact; and 2) companies continued to invest in cellular and gene therapy operations.
The signing of orders was severely affected by the new coronary epidemic and the revenue growth phase slowed, but the company was still able to achieve strong growth in hand orders, with clinical trial service (cds) orders growing by more than 48 per cent, on-site management service (smo) orders growing by over 48 per cent, centre start-up and new patient grouping affected most of the project progress; and (2) company expansion of on-site management services (smo)
By building close collaboration with clients at the pre-clinical stage, the company’s Cdmo service income is being boosted by a new post-clinic and commercialization project.
Continued rapid growth. In 2020, corporate cdmo services achieved business income of $5.28 billion, or 40.8 per cent more than the previous year; Māori achieved 41.2 per cent, or 1.3 percentage points more, mainly due to increased productivity of companies and the scaling effect of business costs; (iii) a+h was financed in both directions, and capacity- and scale-building continued.
Two-way financing is available, which strongly supports the expansion of the company’s productive capacity and the upgrading of its research and development capacity. In 2020, the company raised HK$ 7.29 billion in new sales in the h share and raised HK$ 6.46 billion in non-public distribution of funds in the a share. The two sources of financing will support the expansion of the company’s productive capacity and the associated financial strength, which will enhance the ability of the company to provide integrated services.
In 2020, several production workshops at the company ' s all-China production base were put into operation, with the completion of the expansion of the production of particulates at the Si Heeshan base, and the formal launching of the Chengdu research and development centre; the development of new tin-free pharmaceutical preparations and the start of the construction of the production base. The gradual release of the pending capacity will further enhance the capacity of the company ' s laboratory services in the China region and enhance the company ' s production and development of new medicines.
In 2020, the company fully completed the construction of the twin-prong (aav) suspended and walled transecting virus platform and the integrated and closed production platform of car-t-cell therapy to support global clients. In 2020, the company successfully entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with a number of international leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical clients for cell gene therapy, while simultaneously operating in the country on a long-term basis.
Partners work on milestones to accelerate the process of industrialization of new drugs for their clients by providing services such as the delivery of (bla)-related documentation for the listing of biological products for their cytotherapy products.
(i) Income projections and assumptions: companies are the leading industry in the global pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service industry, laboratory services and cdmo/cmo services are growing rapidly, and integrated service platforms have significant advantages and long-term strong growth prospects. We are on business income leave for the company ' s main battalion, 2021-2023
The epidemic has accelerated the transfer of overseas orders in the broader context of the continued increase in global drug research and development investment and the further increase in outsourcing penetration, and we believe that China’s regional laboratory services will continue to grow at a high level with the company’s global leading physical laboratory service capability.
U.S. District Laboratory Services: As the US epidemic spreads, the company ' s US District Laboratories service continues to be affected, and the US epidemic is gradually under control, we believe the business will gradually resume its growth. Clinical Research Services: 2020, although the Clinical Research Services plate is affected by the epidemic, operations are limited but clients are constrained.
Demand is strong, and companies continue to push for global hub layout and clinical center building. We believe that with the global epidemic under gradual control, the expansion of the company’s capacity to provide clinical services and the gradual transformation of its front-end clients, the potential for clinical phase operations is high, and the plate will sustain high growth.
4. cdmo: The company takes full advantage of the technological advantages of process development, firmly pursues the strategy of “expanding services through the development phase of drug molecules” by establishing close cooperation with clients through pre-operational operations, bringing about projects in the late stages and in the commercialization phase, and contributing to the company's rapid and sustained growth in the income of the cdmo service.
(ii) Investment recommendations: maintenance of the “buy-in” rating of 86.2, 65.4 and 49.2 times, respectively. Companies are the backbone of the global pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service industry, with laboratory services and orders less than expected, production capacity released less than expected and exchange rate risk.
The securities investment advisory business is an activity in which institutions and their consultants have acquired the relevant qualifications issued by regulatory authorities to provide securities investors or customers with information, analysis, forecasting or advice on portfolio investment, and to charge services directly or indirectly.
The data used are from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views and seeks to be unique.