Technology for profit (600183.sh) Electronics group with a high chance of success, Alpha company, breaking the monopoly for growth.
With a 75 per cent share, companies are able to balance cyclicality and growth by showing profitability elasticity (36 per cent unit value per unit in 2021, 46 per cent unit Maori) and by managing and upscaling raw materials when demand is low.
The endccl internalization upgrade achieves a unit Māori upgrade (up to 80 per cent of the year of growth for single Māori between 2014 and 2023). Pcb operations account for 20 per cent, focusing on high-end pcb products, and profit trends are highly correlated with high-speed demand, such as high-speed bandwidth.
A shareccl's revenue and profit growth in the first three quarters is gradually improving, although the station's ccl is expanding in 2024, plus idc's projected smartphones, pc, ar/vr, wearable in 2025.
In 3% of cases, we believe that the recovery of the industry cycle is clear, and that companies are expected to come up with an opportunity to make a profit by looking forward to higher prices in the copper-plate industry. One leads to a rise in the copper-plate and breaks the monopoly. On the side of capital spending, one server and one other.
ccl level or upgrade from the previous verylowlos to ultralowlos or superultralowloses, while increasing the requirement for cte indicators (response to hdi);
Loss. At present, both on the side of capital spending and on the other side, it is the monopoly of South Korea and Taiwan, with companies entering the industrial chain as mainland Chinese manufacturers, promising to break the monopolistic boom in the internalization of high-end products.
E-capture captures the asic opportunity to bend over. The trend has already been observed from the Asic industrial chain, most typically from the firms that work as surrogates for Amazon self-researchers.
The technological strength of high-level multi-layered products has been successful in breaking through the offshore asic-related industrial chain, starting in the second quarter of the year with accelerated changes in the profit ring, and the visible electronics are expected to grow rapidly as the overseas asic industry chain rises.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Changes brought about by model innovations; increased competition.
We define the company as a company based on copper sheeting, which is also made through equity pcb layouts.
High-end suppliers of materials in the fields of profit electronics (62.93%), silicon micropowder manufacturing (with 23.26% of the new stock market), chip encapsulation (frozen core, joint), composite materials (Sang-hoon, consortium), waste resource recovery (Men-song technology, consortium), downstream forward terminals (Lorangwee electronic, Shanghai cool, consortium). Under this layout, the company’s operations are closed.
The key points are concentrated in the scrapboard business and the pcb business, which account for 75% and 20%, respectively, and the gross profit ratio of 75% and 14%. We judge its investment logic to be: the need to repair the coatboard base, and the strong Alpha profit margin.
In this context, a combination of cyclicality and growth has made the company a very high-prevalence company, provided the economy is good, regardless of the upward trend.
Large or small, and regardless of large commodity price increases or fallbacks, companies are able to achieve equal growth per unit of Māori, reflecting a very strong alpha attribute, and a steady increase in basic business. Breaking the overseas arithmetic monopoly on copperboard materials, and opening up the trend of internalization of high-end products.
The market is dominated by Korean and Taiwanese manufacturers, and after about two years of product layout, the company has successfully passed the certification of a global front-line client, and is expected to grow up in high-end new products in 2025. In addition to a capital expense for ai, the company also has a forward-looking layout at the end of the ai, not only for domestic mobile phones, pc-phases.
The development of the next generation of new products by clients, while also actively collaborating with the development of foreign flagship end-users, is expected to break the monopoly of offshore copper-plating manufacturers at the end of the line. One brings up the pcb upgrade, and allows the electronic capture of the trend of asic release. The introduction of ari numeracy leads to high levels of pcb, hdi.
The application space for high-end pcb products is opened rapidly, and, against a background of rising capital spending and a growing trend towards self-research by cloud computing firms, the arithmetic industry chain will be the fastest growing arithmetic in the future.
The chain breaks, the recovery and profit loops are changing faster from the second quarter, and it is expected that profit-generating electronics will grow rapidly as the asic industry chain rises overseas. Figure 2: Income distribution for technology (billions of dollars)
Figure 3: Gross profit distribution of technology for profit (millions of dollars) I. Clearing the investment framework: Clips cyclical + Growth + John Alpha, pcb focuses on the breakdown of Beta's main business concentrated on the Clip and pcb. We believe that to understand the company's investment opportunities first, we need to understand the Cube.
The investment framework for the panel and pcb industries and the focus that should be given to the two main sectors in the investment process. 1.1. The chronology and growth opportunities of the copper sheet industry exist, with strong Alpha balancing the odds and the odds of success 1.1.1. Beta-level judgement: cyclical and growth opportunities deserve high attention.
Copperboards (coppercladlaminate, ccl) are an important building block for the manufacture of pcb boards, which are downstream for a variety of areas such as telecommunications, consumer electronics, computers, motor electronics, industrial medicine, aerospace, etc., and can be said to be used as the basic upstream raw material through the only medium-stream pcb application in the field of demand for various types of electronics downstream.
According to Prismark, global ccl output (which is mainly discussed in this paper, later on) reached US$ 12.7 billion in 2023 and a compound growth rate of 4.6 per cent between 2004 and 2023. In view of the trend over the 19 years, the ccl industry is both cyclical and growth-dependent in nature:
1) Periodicity, reflected in the rise in demand capacity at the time of macroeconomic expansion, resulting in a phased imbalance between supply and demand, as reflected in growth, as reflected in the constant upward movement of industry production centres as a result of different downstream hardware demand surges, such as ccl global sales penetration in 2004-2009 pc, smart phone penetration in 2010-2016, and high-speed access to 2018 to date
Driven by the demand for letters, the average annual output reached $7.1 billion, $9.7 billion and $13.8 billion, respectively, with an average output.
The copperboard industry is considered to be a single industry with few opportunities for both cyclical and growth-oriented investment, specifically: cyclical investment opportunities. We judge the cyclical bias of the copperboard sector because its demand follows macros and the supply end has a less cyclical impact (ccl output responds faster, does not require continuous production,
Supply is subject to raw materials (and, given the price performance of the ccl cycle over the years, ccl has experienced a significant increase in prices and gross gains in return for its investment, which is indicative of the cyclical investment opportunities in the copperboard industry. Figure 9: The trend in the Māori ratio of the top three copper sheet producers around the world
There are opportunities for investment in growth. Since there is a sustained incentive for innovation in ccl downstream electronics, and the ccl industrial chain is close to the source of innovation, there are opportunities for growth in the ccl industry; but we believe that the ccl sector as a whole is less growing, that is, innovation in a single area does not drive the entire industry to make a big upturn, and the industry should have opportunities for growth.
More attention has been given to the area of disaggregation, where major innovations occur in a disaggregated area, focusing on the technology of the age of 5g, the new technology of the year, the new technology of the year 2023-2024, the optic electron of the era of the Quilomboi, and the Doosan. Taken together, investment opportunities in the ccl industry are of high concern, as investment in the industry is both cyclical and productive.
Long-term dual opportunities, where cyclicality can lead to bright performance for some of the industry ' s shareholders, where there are opportunities for profit-fixed equity prices to be repaired, where growth can offer both performance and valuation opportunities for the industry ' s shareholders, and where there are opportunities for investment that exist at some point, or at the same time cyclical and growth-oriented, and where the industry has a pay-off rate.
1.1.2. Alpha-level judgement: John Alpha has a competitive advantage, leading producers are better choices in industrial investment The strong Alpha-manufacturing industry is those who can temporarily achieve excess gains through cyclical and growthal opportunities, while the existence of a strong Alpha-manufacturing industry depends on the barriers to competition in the industry, in our view:
There are strong Alpha players in the ccl industry. Industry concentration is high (cr5 > 50%) and high turnover (only five top producers changed five years ago, ranking 1st to 5th in the period ~2023) in terms of industry history, meaning competition even in the industry.
Once they have the elements of competition, they are not easily replaced, and they can maintain their established competitiveness in cyclical fluctuations and innovative growth changes, embodying strong Alpha attributes.
Figure 18: Distribution of the copper plate industry 2023 The strong Alpha elements are formulas, raw material resources, and scale effects. The formulation needs to accumulate experience and customer, and the pioneers need to accumulate deeper and richer: the supply of raw materials will hold up the size of the ccl manufacturer and build the slab/South Asian plastic.
This barrier is difficult to break in the short term, when top-down raw materials take the lead through the raw materials management system; scale effects can bring about cost or profit effects, with lower-to-low-to-low-to-lower-to-market production, mainly through economies of scale, and higher-end products are more profitable, mainly through economies of scale in a single product.
Figure 21: The technical core of the James Bronze Industry is in the formula
Figure 23: Number and amount of plastic products sold in South Asia in 2023 Figure 24: Technology-for-profit commitment to building a strong raw material management system Technical Open-Technology Day (October)
The administrative center is serving the three main ingredients of South Asia's winged copper sheet at 21:08 in Guangdong on November 01, 2024, with a share of nearly 15%.
A strong Alpha can balance the odds with the odds. To invest, a stronger Alpha Leader, though larger, is able to achieve a strong return on investment, a higher rate of recovery for a strong Alpha Leader, and a strong Alpha Company, because of its high level of confidence and normality.
Stock prices will be launched first, with a higher rate of success, and it is clear that Alpha, a strong investor in the brassboard industry, can balance the odds with the odds, and is a desirable target. Taken together, the industry’s overall concentration is high, with low turnover, meaning that the industry’s barriers make the competitors Al-Al.
The legal attributes are strong, and it is clear from industry attributes analysis that industry barriers are mainly based on core formulations, resource availability and scale effectiveness, and that industry success factors are in place for firms that meet these three conditions, and that the choice of excess returns can be made on an ad hoc basis in terms of industry cyclical and growth opportunities.
1.2. Pob ' s cyclical investment opportunities are weak, focusing on valuation and fundamental changes resulting from innovation in the area of disaggregation. The company ' s beneficial electronic focus on pcb operations significantly affects the company ' s fundamentals. Based on the aforementioned analytical framework, we judge that the investment opportunities in the pcb sector focus primarily on opportunities for growth in the area of disaggregation, and the logic is three-fold:
The year and year 2021 were two years of higher output growth across the pcb/ccl sector, but neither of these two years a share pcb had a return of more than 30 per cent on the stock market, as shown by the fact that the Pob sector had a large cyclical opportunity to make temporary investment opportunities.
The change in valuations brought about by long logic, taken together over 17 years, is 68 per cent for pcb, 18 per cent for profit and 14 per cent for profit plus trade; the reason for this is that we believe that growth in the pcb sector is mainly in the area of segmentation rather than the industry as a whole, for example, in 2019.
The construction of 5g capital expenditure has indeed led to some increase in profits, but changes in the segment of 5g capital expenditure have not been able to bring about an increase in industry-wide fundamentals, with only three companies that are growing at the end of the harvest at a rate of more than 30%. In summary, we believe that the pcb sector has no cyclical investment opportunities, but there are growth opportunities in the segmented areas, investing in them.
In the judgement process, emphasis should be placed on innovation in the industry, and in the event of innovation change, it may be the first to drive the change in demand that leads to high turnover, and it also determines the investment focus to be innovative in the area of disaggregation. The change in rankings shows that the pcb industry has a high turnover, which means that, after the change in demand,
Even the world’s larger producers are hard to avoid being oversized by the industry’s emerging producers, as can be seen from the fact that the Alpha industry is weak in its properties, and that investment should focus more on the areas of disaggregation in which innovation was changing in that year. The investment frameworks for the copper and pcb industries combine, and we believe that the copper-clip industry has both cyclical and growth-oriented investment mechanisms.
Yes, at the same time, a stronger Alpha vendor has a better rate of return and a better chance of winning, while the focus of investment in the pcb industry is on the growth of investment opportunities offered by sector-based innovation.
The company’s largest business plate is the copper slab business, and we believe that the company is a cyclical and growth-oriented copper slab manufacturer, a unique company in the copper slab industry, a strong Alpha company.
In China and the United States, under different historical economic circumstances, major copper-plating manufacturers have performed differently, with companies showing a particularly prominent performance, and are now able to balance the elasticity of the cycle and maintain their developmental properties:
The period of inflation, when ccl entered inflation, enabled the industry not only to switch to upstream raw material prices, but also to achieve a large single-mori upswing and higher price premiums. The industry context was a critical period in which companies with more cyclical properties demonstrated profitability elasticity, and we saw a more cyclical build-up board and the Kim An rule.
In both periods, there was a large change in unit prices and unit Maori, while three of the more cyclical and growing systems were markedly less profitable. In both periods, the company performed less cyclically than the build-up of slabs and the King's Land Rules, but the overall profitability was not weak, especially in the case of the company.
In 2021, global global inflation was achieved at 36% per unit and 46% per unit of Māori at 46% per unit, compared to growing properties. By grouping, elasticity and cyclical investment opportunities exist.
The overall demand for the industry is relatively flat, and companies with strong cyclical attributes cannot sustain their growth, but those with growing properties are able to maintain their growth, most typically those with high-end ccl product layouts, and those with a single Māori-year growth ratio of 70 per cent and 70 per cent, respectively, for the period 2014-2023.
90%, and only one company that is able to compete with the two high-end copper-plating companies, with a single gross profit of up to 80% of the year of growth, displays a remarkable growth attribute. The combination of cyclicality and growth makes companies the most prolific company, on the one hand, as long as the economy recovers modestly.
Even with large drops in prices (e.g. copper), and ccl prices, companies are able to achieve a profit-on-year increase, for example in the period 2014-2015, 2019; on the other hand, if the economy moves to demand inflation, the ccl industry can also generate price transmission and release profits, and the company’s fundamentals can enjoy high elasticity.
The company is able to achieve the same level of growth per unit of Māori, reflecting a very strong Alpha attribute. 2.2, why is the company so powerful? 2.2. 2.2.
We believe that companies have a competitive code in these three areas, specifically: the reason for the company’s cyclical nature is that it has a majority of ordinary products, and the non-labelling of the formulation keeps it full for years. The copper industry is still a “right triangle” industry, i.e., the underlying product market with a large, high-end product capacity.
Small capacity, and it is inevitable that the company, as the second largest copper-plate manufacturer in the world, still has a large part of its product structure in the lower- and medium-end categories, and some of these products are highly standardized (e.g., paper-based panels, composite panels and general fr-4), with a more cyclical nature, so that the company has a certain cyclical attributes; however, a large part of the medium- and low-level product structure is highly concentrated.
The end product requirements are non-target (e.g. medium-high tgfr-4, no halo-free lead fr-4). i.e. different products are produced by different manufacturers, while companies focus on the development of unique formulations, even for products with the same application scenario, the company product tgfr-4 model has a very high branding on the market, and almost all the fr-4 copper sheet producers are pushing it.
The advantage of a non-homogeneous product allows the company to remain fully profitable at the expense of other companies, with a lower life cycle. Without the distribution of raw materials, it has a very high degree of control over raw materials, while keeping the lower end of the life cycle stable.
The material composition of the sheet is derived mainly from the three main raw materials, namely, bronze, resin, boulders, which, because of their excessive concentration, constitute a solid barrier to the price and availability of raw materials. Companies are the few to recognize this.
Procuring parties (substantial slabs and South Asian plastic raw materials are entirely self-supplied and rarely procured externally) ... On the other hand, achieving the best price and best availability through the efficient management of raw materials, ultimately not only achieving stability beyond their profitability, but also reducing their cyclicality (highly volatile upstream raw material prices) while safeguarding them.
The light and integration layout build-up slabs, the mean value of which exceeds even South Asian plastics that are equally focused on high-end tiles and integrated layouts, and we have counted deviations from the average of the samples (individual samples, Māori rates minus the average of the Māori rates for all samples for the year), and we have found company Māori rates to be stable.
The ability of companies to manage raw materials is very strong and uniquely competitive, as shown by the fact that they are more stable than high-end and integrated copper-plate manufacturers, above industry averages.