The company is the leading core supplier. The product should be the product.
Science and technology for a wide range of purposes was founded in 1985 as a collection of global electricity for R & D, production, marketing and services as one.
After more than 30 years of development, and with the constant efforts of the profiters, the production of copper plates has grown from 600,000 square metres per year at the start of the plant to 120 million square metres in 2023. According to the United States Prismark Research Institute, the global hard-core copper sheet is now being produced.
And ranking, from 2013 to the present, the total sales of hard-coated copper plates for technology have been continuously maintained worldwide, with the level of coatings rising with pcb for high-speed materials. Compared with the trend of 5g&5.5g newsletters, ai, company prices and depth of 300
Super-counting, "dividious" drivers, and according to Prismark, the global market for pcb is expected to expand from $69.5 billion in 2023 to $90.4 billion in 2028. The rapid growth of pcb will create new demand for high-speed materials for new applications, while the new energy car market will drive it.
Car-borne materials are booming, and the hdi&board will enter a fast-growing period. A big model application will drive a surge in demand for the i server, with extremely low wear and tear, more complex processing conditions and higher heat-resistant high-speed materials will fit into the ubb, hib, oam units of the i server; the product network will bring in.
Larger data to calculate throughput, supercomputer development to push high-speed materials towards higher-level, multi-pressure, thick copper and blended applications; high-calculation chips to larger sizes and integrations will drive high-speed material applications to require lower-depletion, low-lowcte and hdi processors
In addition, the integration of the 5g+ cloud network to enhance the full digital application will also drive high-speed material applications in multiple locations, full-scale and extremely low-depletion requirements.
According to omdia data, the current high-speed growth of gpu and other accelerated chips for cloud computing and data centre artificial intelligence will eventually slow, but will not slow until the industry changes. Server pcb products need to be synchronized with server chips for intergenerational change, product life.
The cycle is usually three to five years, and the maturity period is two to three years. As generations of chip platforms require upgrades in signal transmission rates, data transmission losses, cabling density, etc., the server pcb products need to be upgraded accordingly.
Different layers of pcb are corresponding to the same product structure, and the corresponding plate thickness and thickness ratios vary according to the chip and overlap.
The main force of the pcb output growth was the increase in the penetration rate of electric vehicles, which (bev) had an average pcb value of about 5-6 times that of traditional fuel vehicles, with the highest pcb in the vehicle, which was about half the value of the pcb as a whole, while the power control system was about half the value of the pcb.
Bms (the battery management system) is currently mainly connected to wire beams. In the light of the trend of light quantification of electric vehicles, the future phase-in of fpc (soft print circuit boards) will further increase the pcb value content of the electrical control system.
As automatic driving levels and penetration continue to increase, the average number of electronic products, such as cameras and radars, will also increase, with pcb currently dominated by 4-8 floors, while self-driving systems use a higher unit hdi plate, which is about three times the price of 4-8 floors, and more than 3 times the price.
The price of hdi used by the system's crew can be as high as tens of United States dollars, which is also a steady increase in the demand for consumer electronics for future vehicles using the ai terminal, in the consumer electronics area, as a combination of generating ai and smartphones begins to penetrate the flag ship.
The industry chain will actively embrace change, and innovation in the generation of the ai mobile phone will evolve from hardware end computing and memory to software end synchronization until the bottom level of software connectivity.
Pc is a computational and interactive platform for the consumption of important productivity tools and content. Aipc is a customized personal aides for everyone, not only to improve productivity, to simplify work processes, but also to improve them.
idc predicts that aipc will be installed in China’s pc market at a fast rate in the next few years, reaching 85% in 2027, and will become the main market in the pc market.
The company's demand is not as high as expected, the pcb industry is highly competitive, the pcb core 1 is a major high-end supplier of copper plates in the country, 1.1 has been through more than 30 windfalls, and the company has become the leading core supply of copper plates.
It was founded in 1985 as a core supplier of global electronic circuit-based materials for research and development, production, marketing, and service as one. After more than 30 years of development, the copper plate was enriched by the constant efforts of those who benefited.
Production grew from 600,000 square metres per year at the start of the plant to 120 million square metres in 2023. According to the United States research agency’s statistics and rankings of hardened copper sheets worldwide, the total sales of hard copper sheets have remained the second-largest in the world from 2013 to the present.
China’s most economically dynamic city, Guangdong Dong-hoon, is the headquarters of the Biotech Consortium. It has established fully-owned and holding companies in Xianyang, Suzhou, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Changqing, Nantung and Xijiang, with over 10,000 members of the Consortium’s staff.
Figure 1 Main technology production base Base name: Guangdong Seng Seng Scientology Co. Ltd. Base name: Shaanxi Seng Seng Scientology Co. Ltd.
Name of base: PSC Ltd. Base name: Suzhou SCI Ltd. Base name: Jiangsusheng SCI Ltd.
Base name: Jiang Xisheng Scientology Ltd. Revenue technology has always been based on high standards, high quality, high performance, high reliability, autonomous production of high-end electronic materials such as copper sheeting, semi-stabilized tablets, insulation presses, metal-based copper slabs, coated copper plating, and overlayed membrane classes.
Copperboards are the core material for producing circuit boards, which are vehicles for electrical connection of electronic components, and copper plates and printed circuit boards are essential components of modern electronic information products. Corporate products are mainly supplied as singles, double-faced circuit boards and high multilayered circuit boards, which are widely applied to high-calculation, ai servers, 5g antennas, and new one.
Satellite telecommunications stations, large computers, high-end servers, aerospace industry, chip encapsulation, auto electronics, smart homes, engineering and medical equipment, domestic electricity, consumer terminals, and a variety of medium- and high-end electronics.
The company issued shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 1998 and became the first listed company in the country;
The company changed its name to Guangdong Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng Seng