PhillipCapital
上海機場 (600009.CH)
非航業務表現靚麗，半年多賺逾三成
中國 | 航空支援 | 滬港通
增持(維持)
投資概要
上半年業績繼續高增長 34%
(現價截至8月29日)
上海機場公佈 2019 上半年財報,公司實現營業收入 54.55 億元,同比增長 21.11%,實
目標價 RMB 93 (+10%)
元。實現扣非淨利潤 26.5 億元,同比增長 31.09%。
公司資料
普通股股東(百萬股):
航空業務小幅增長
市値 (人幣百萬元):
上半年上海機場的生產經營指標總體向好,航空性收入錄得 20.24 億元,同比增長
52 周 最高價/最低價 (港幣元):
88.9/43.74
3.0%, 其中架次相關收入 8.79 億元, 同比增長 2.1%, 主要受益於飛機起降架次同比增
長 1.92%; 旅客及貨郵收入 11.45 億元,同比增長 3.77%,主要受益于旅客吞吐量同比
增長 4.2%。上半年旅客吞吐量排名中國第二,其中國際和地區旅客量繼續保持全國第
一。在寬體機比重不斷擴大的趨勢下，我們預計航空性業務收入同比增長保持在低個
主要股東%
上海機場(集團)有限公司
位數增幅。
香港中央結算有限公司
非航業務表現亮眼
2019 上半年,公司的非航空性收入 34.3 億元,同比增長 35.1%,占總收入的比重達到
股價 & 上證指數
62.9%。其中商業餐飲收入錄得 27.7 億元, 按年大增 46.0%, 其他非航收入 6.6 億元,
接年增長 2.7%。由於 2019 年首季開始，浦東 T2 航站樓免稅店開始採用新提成率
42.5%, 較 2018 年的 25%大幅提升了 17.5 個百分點,而上半年上海機場免稅銷售額實
現 70 億元左右，同比增長約 27%，扣點率提升及銷售額增長大幅提振了上海機場非航
業務的盈利能力,是業績勁升的主要推力。今年四季度浦東衛星廳免稅店將開業以及
T2 入境 免稅 店也將投入使用， 免稅經營面積將繼續擴大， 上海機場的 免稅業務收入仍
有進一步提升空間。
Source: aastock, Phillip Securities (HK) Research
折舊下降，毛利率繼續增厚
財務資料
上半年營業總成本同增 9.3%, 低於收入增速 11.9 個百分點, 整體毛利率較去年同期提
升 5.0 個百分點至 56.4%。折舊攤銷成本則因部分固定資産折舊年限到期,折舊費用下
降而同比減少 11%。
衛星廳投運後非航業務更上層樓
浦東機場三期擴建項目衛星廳 S1S2 預期將於今年九月投產，將增加免稅面積 9062 平
方米，T1，T2 航站樓也將新開 1000 平方米的免稅店面積，在擴大免稅業務經營面積
的同時也有望提高旅客購物體驗，充分釋放公司作爲龍頭樞紐機場的估值溢價。
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
另外，近期上海自貿區臨港新片區總體方案提出支援浦東國際機場建設世界級航空樞
研究分析員
紐,打造區域性航空總部基地和航空快件國際樞紐中心,作爲航空交通樞紐的上海機
場有望因此首先受益。
(+86 51699400-103)
投資建議
基於強勁的非航業務收入增長預期，我們調整上海機場 2019/2020 年的每股 EBITDA 預
測値，提高目標價爲人民幣 93 元，分別對應 23/22 倍的估值倍數，維持“增持”評級。
(現價截至8月29日)
Source: Bloomberg, Company, Phillip Securities Hong Kong Research
財務報告
(Financial figures as at 29 August 2019)
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2019 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
COMPANY NAME INITIATING COVERAGE
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
JAPAN
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Phillip Securities Japan, Ltd
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
250 North Bridge Road, #06-00 Raffles City Tower,
B-3-6 Block B Level 3, Megan Avenue II,
4-2 Nihonbashi Kabutocho, Chuo-ku
No. 12, Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450 Kuala Lumpur
INDONESIA
CHINA
INDIA
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.
PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited
ANZ Tower Level 23B, Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A,
No. 1, 18th Floor, Urmi Estate, 95 Ganpatrao Kadam Marg,
Jakarta 10220, Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
UNITED KINGDOM
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd.
King & Shaxson Capital Ltd.
King & Shaxson Ltd.
15th Floor, Vorawat Building, 849 Silom Road,
3rd Floor, 35 Rue de la Bienfaisance
6th Floor, Candlewick House, 120 Cannon Street
Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 Thailand
75008 Paris France
London, EC4N 6AS
UNITED STATES
AUSTRALIA
SRI LANKA
Phillip Futures Inc.
PhillipCapital Australia
Asha Phillip Securities Limited
Level 10, 330 Collins Street
Level 4, Millennium House, 46/58 Navam Mawatha,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
Colombo 2, Sri Lanka
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
HONG KONG
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway Hong Kong