A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Midea Group (000333 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
China recovery to outweigh overseas pressure
Target Price
RMB72.80
(Previous TP
RMB75.33)
Up/Downside
+34.3%
Resilient 1Q20 for Midea, reflected by 1) strong export orders, 2) relatively high
Current Price
RMB54.20
small appliances and online mix, and 3) favorable input costs and FX rate.
Exports may experience more pressure but China recovery should be healthy in
2Q-4Q20E. Therefore, we maintain BUY but cut TP to RMB 72.80, based on 17x
China Home Appliance Sector
FY21E P/E (rolled over from 18x FY20E), vs China/ Int'l peers' avg. of 16x/ 14x.
Walter Woo
■ FY19 net profit inline: Strong market share gains and GP margin
expansion. Midea's FY19 NP att. rose by 20% YoY, 2% above/ 1% below
BBG/ CMBIS est. Despite sales growth slowed to 7% YoY in 4Q19, NP att.
accelerated to 24% YoY in 4Q19, aided by GP margin expansion on more A.C.
sales (market shares +4ppt to 29% for offline/ +7ppt to 30% for online in
Stock Data
FY19), more high-end product, favorable FX and lower raw material cost.
NP att. fell by 23% YoY, fairly resilient and way better than its peers such as
Haier SH's -41%, Supor's -41% and Gree's -69%. The beat, in our view, was
due to: 1) better product mix, with less impact on small appliances vs large
Shareholding Structure
appliances (e.g. A.C. was hit hard) and 2) strong exports orders of 26% YoY.
Guiding for a 3-5% decline in sales/ NP att. in FY20E, driven by a gradual
recovery in China and potentially bumpy export sales. We find this target
achievable, because: 1) small appliances sales had already normalized in Apr
2020 and should do better as Midea plans to launch 28 new products in Jun
2020, 2) A.C. price war may continue in FY20E but only at the expense of
smaller brands like AUX and others. Midea still managed to gain shares even
with double digit decline in ASP in FY19, 3) export orders cut/ suspension may
go up in 2Q-3Q20E (~3% of FY20E sales as of Apr 2020) but should only be
limited, given less than 20% sales exposure to US/ EU, and 4) GP margin
should be stable, which is well supported by falling costs and weakening CNY
Source: Bloomberg
environment. However, the robotic and automation sales (mainly KUKA) may
decline in FY20E since capex on technology upgrades by customers were
12-mth Price Performance
reduced due to the adverse macro environment.
■ Maintain BUY but trimmed TP to RMB 72.80 (34% upside). We reiterated
BUY because: 1) negatives are all priced in and recovery onwards shall be
healthy, and 2) 1Q outperformance to will sustain into 2Q thanks to product
mix. We cut FY20E/ 21E NP by 18%/ 11% to factor in sales drop due to virus
outbreak and cut in overseas orders. Our new TP is based on 17x FY21E P/E
(rolled over from 18x FY20E). The counter now trades at 16x/ 13x FY20E/
21E P/E (vs China peers' avg. of 16x) or 1.6x PEG (vs China peers' 1.8x).
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Related Reports
Midea Group (000333 CH, BUY) :
Consistent outperformance by great
2. Midea Group (000333 CH, BUY) :
Prudent sales and rosy margin for
Midea Group (000333 CH, BUY) :
Diversified portfolio with effective
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: AVC, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Assumptions
Valuation
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.