Cheuk Seung-woo (300.782): From the separation device to the module, the front end of the radio frequency is becoming clear.
In Jiangsu province, the main radio-frequency chip, 1014 million yuan, yoy + 187.37 per cent, is located in the town of Wuxi. Of this amount, 21q2 achieved operating income of 1,176 million yuan, of which yoy was established in 2012 and was listed on the business board in 2019.
Substitution of domestic production in the downstream sector with a strong demand for new products and a two-fold increase in the harvest of Maori.
Radio frequency (RF) modules (28 per cent); Multiply growth. In addition, the company’s receiving end modules were rapidly released, with 62,127.17 per cent higher than the previous half of the year, and the Māori rate was nearly 10 pt above the overall level, driving the Māori rate of 21H1 up by 4.99 pt.
Integration is a trend at the front end of the radio frequency, and the modular space is about twice the size of the separated device. Since 4g, with the frequency of debt payments and cross-share presentations: none.
The main radio frequency module is the Pa module and the Fem module. Of this, the Pa module is mainly in the launch end link, in the form of "pa+ filters, radio frequency switches, lna etc.": the Fem module is mainly in the receiving end link, in the form of "filtration filters + inna, radio frequency switches".
$1 billion (6ycagr 4%): while the market size of the pa-mod &fem module totals $13.503 billion (6ycagr 9%), which is about 2.3 times the size of the separated device. Model product layouts are getting better and saw filters are moving well.
The higher the integration of the radio frequency links, the greater the demand for radio frequency modules. The international radio frequency giants -- avago, skyworks, qorvo, etc. -- have well-developed radio frequency module capabilities that create a strong competitive advantage from the outside. Companies benefit from the replacement of national production at the front end of the radio frequency, starting with separate devices such as switches, low noise, etc.
At present, the company has products such as difem, ldifem, lfem, and, with the successful launch of l-pamif, the company's layout in the front end of the radio frequency module is improving. Also, according to the company, it is responsible for the core of the saw filter.
Looking ahead, the output of the own saw filter will enhance the company’s competitive advantage in the radio frequency module. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: due to the product’s smooth progress, we will raise the company’s profitability projections.
We look forward to the company's continuous refinement of the RF front-end product layout with an alternative opportunity of 5 g and national production, to become a RF front-end chip company with an international giant. We expect a net profit share for the company in 2021-2023 to wuti@dxzq.net.cn
From separate devices to modules, the front end of the radio frequency is becoming clear, and the source of the east's wealth is growing.
From the separate device to the module, the front-end image of the broadcast is becoming clear.
Li Mei-hyun Chen Woo-chul, Master of Finance, Shandong University, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, was awarded a Bachelor of Engineering, and was employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group.
In 2019, he joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.