The semi-annual review of 2021: the diversity of the layout works well, radio frequency, 27th of August 2021, the module builds a completely new growth engine.
The demand for radio frequency chips continues to rise, and the breakthrough in radio frequency module products has been remarkable: the company's 2021h1 net profit of $1,014 million, yoy+187.37 per cent and its performance meets market expectations, corresponding to 2021q2 return.
Continuous penetration; 2) company product type crosses from a separate device to a radio frequency module, with the combined advantage of high performance indicators for the product and delivery stability applying to the new 5g frequency band receiving end-of-end radio frequency module product needs continuously rising.
Sexual advances, especially the improved RF module product lines, have further expanded the size of the business and continuously increased the overall profitability of the company. 2021q2, the company ' s Māori ratio is 57.45%, the RF chip product lines go hand in hand, and the RF module builds a completely new growth engine: the company ' s radio frequency is running.
The ability of leading international firms to compete, 2021h1, the output of antenna switch products as one of the company's fists has increased, with sales of $711 million and receipts of 30.13%. The company's receiving end-of-end radio frequency module products have been enriched, with 2021h1, the company's new push.
The product of ldifem, which applies to 5g communications, is now in production volume for some customers. At the same time, the company continues to enrich the combination of lfem products in the 5gnr band, and the Division receives the complete application of the end-of-end radio frequency module product coverage end-of-end for applications.
In the field of the front end of the radio frequency, the company has completed a variety of product layouts, and the product type has been successfully extended from a separate device to a receiving end radio frequency module.
Up to the launch end radio frequency module area. 2021h1, the company successfully rolled out the main launch end module product, l-pamif, applied to the 5gnr band, and has started to send out samples and is expected to make full use of the semi-annual performance forecast: the multiplicity sheet.
Synergy of corporate products, building up a comprehensive and differentiated competitive advantage. In addition, companies are steadily moving forward, benefiting from the need for radio frequency chips, developing products that meet the wifi6e connection standards, and continuously exploring wider market space.
2021-07-13  Steady promotion of the overall layout of radio frequency products and continued strengthening of leading advantages: company optimization and enrichment 2, Chewie (300782); 2021
and optimizes the product matrix, with significant transformation effects of core technology, which has largely completed radio frequency switches and a quarterly evaluation of radio frequency operations: radio frequency front end products such as RF/lna/filter/radio frequency pa, radio frequency module and low-power bluetooth microcontrol
The complete layout of the microchip has been achieved from a separate device to a radio frequency module, with product processes ranging from 3 to Dzumi (300782); a single mature process to participation in the development of advanced processes and the combination of various materials and processes, and
Active extension of industrial chains such as transistor manufacturing, sealing, etc. of radio frequency filters/modules, upgrading of product processes. Quarterly performance forecast: radio frequency taps, technology and volume capacity, product application markets are also directed to smartphones, telecommunications base stations, motor power.
The effect is that there is continuous growth in areas such as high performance growth. With forward-looking R & D layouts, fast-changing products, and significant cost advantages, companies have further strengthened their leadership in the front end of radio frequency, with the city of 5g.
Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the 2021-2023 net profit forecast for the company, taking into account the company’s strong lead in the domestic RF chip market, related product categories and breakdowns.
To maintain the “buy-in” rating with the prospect of continued market expansion, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities