The semi-annual performance forecast for 2021: a steady advance in diversity, rising demand for RF chips for the benefit, increasing demand for RF chips and fully benefiting the indigenous RF taps: the company expects 2021h1 to return.
The reason for this is that the development of 5g communications technology has led to a rapid increase in demand at the front end of the radio frequency and continued penetration of the public sector products on the client side; and that, compared to the same period in 2020, the type of company product has been able to cross from the separation device to the radio frequency module, with a combination of high performance indicators for the product and stability of delivery.
Advantages: the demand for radio frequency module products on the receiving end of the 5g new band has continued to rise.  radio frequency diversification has steadily advanced and market share has continued to expand: companies have continuously enriched and optimized the array of radio frequency products, have largely completed radio frequency switches/lna/filtrations/radio frequency pa, radio frequency modules, etc.
Full layout of radio front end products and low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chips and active extension to industrial chains such as RF filters/module crystal-crystal manufacturing, sealing, upgrading of product process technology and scale.
Continue to expand, leading the country in the front end of the radio frequency. Corporate antenna switch products are leading the country and are highly recognized in the market; multi-gain Ina has been negotiated for import at a well-known mobile phone factory, promising to enter bulk production and supply; and radio frequency module products are in a rich form.
(difem/lfem/lnabank et al.), covering the full application of the receiving end, is already in multi-intelligent 1, Chewie (30072); 2021, mobile phone factory negotiating output, with significant cost advantages, is the small number of people in the industry who are able to provide radio frequency module products
Quarterly review: one of the producers of the accelerated radio frequency (RF) operation; wififem product output, wifi6 connection module product started breaking, high performance growth 2021-04-23
Samples to customers. Companies are expected to increase their market share on a continuous basis with efficient synergies among their various products.  Autonomous R & D results are translated into significant benefits, with alternative opportunities for 5g and radio-frequency chips: company performance forecast: radio frequency taps
Products that cover materials and processes such as rfsoi/gaas/ipd can be customized according to market demand Highlights the effects of high performance growth. Companies focus on technological innovation and accelerate the transformation of autonomous R & D outcomes. Benefit from 5g development
And the company's forward-looking product layout, where the company's antenna switch product became the company's core growth engine; together with 3, Chewie (300782); when performance was created, the company's radio frequency module product was gradually adopted by a large number of well-known manufacturers, and the core technology results were transformed into effect.
The outlook for new radio frequency products is very high. By promoting research and development innovations efficiently, firms speed up the pace of research and development of new products, shortening the time for their listing, raising the level of product differentiation, and being able to respond to clients in a comprehensive manner.
Broad 2020-10-25, with a significant cost advantage for the product and a growing competitive market. For example, corporate customers cover major global Andre mobile phone manufacturers like Samsung, Hmov, and with 5g city
Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the 2021-2023 net return profit forecast.