A steady increase in revenue, deep distribution network solution Billion dollars, an increase of 0.48 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.759 billion yuan, a rise in the same amount of purple light shares (00938).
The product market continues to take the lead, with multiple network solutions, locking in technology, the Protector River. According to company announcements, the company 2022q4 achieved business income of $20.168 billion, which is equal to growth, leading the digital solution, continuous distribution of the network of certainty, the network of arithmetic, the calculation of privacy,
Advance technologies, such as ICSID, are being released in the sub-sectors of servers, storage, switchboards/routing, wifi7 wireless products, cloud computing services, information security, smart terminals, etc. Many products continue to have a leading market share.
The layout of the "Croat-Web-End" industrial chain continues to enrich digital solutions, to deepen integration innovations in the ict field, to study in depth the smartness solutions, and to meet the new needs of the aigc computing infrastructure. The corporate collection has steadily increased, with the addition of the country's digital economy.
Rapid growth, and a wide range of future growth spaces.
Purple shares (000938.sz): Performance expectations, enhanced profitability, Purple shares (000938.sz): Group debt
"The Resurgence of the Land, the Future Development of the Company."
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate increased slightly in 2022 and net interest rates remained stable. In 2022, the company ' s Mao Division ' s share of the market was steadily increasing, cloud computing was improving, the overseas market was expanding and self-research chips were expanding.
Corporate cash flows have improved significantly and business levels have improved. Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2022 amounted to $4,019 million, an increase of 284.32 per cent over the previous year, mainly due to increased sales returns from subsidiaries.
We believe that in 2023, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, the dollar rises, the company’s financial costs, the company’s research and development investments are high, it has many teams of excellence in research and development, and it has a number of cutting-edge technologies. In 2022, the company’s research and development inputs continued to expand its research and development efforts on ict products, cloud and smart platforms and solutions, and continued deployment of computing networks, intelligence centres, etc.
Xinhua's wisdom has enabled the digitalization of many industries to be upgraded, the product matrix has been enriched, Xinhua's potential to become a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, and resource integration has accelerated.
The SWF-Wish International has issued the Notice on the Exercise of Sale Rights, and the Hpe entity will sell its 39% shareholding in the Sino-American joint venture to the Sino-American joint venture. When the deal is completed, Sino-Chinese shares will be 30%, and Sino-Chinese companies will be fully owned.
The core subsidiary, Xinhua San, continues to serve the three main markets, accelerating the integration of numbers with industry, and empowering customers to innovate and invest hundreds of millions of dollars, an increase of 8.65%. In 2022, Xinhua III focused on domestic business, domestic operators, and international operations.
The main market, China ' s internal affairs and businesses, grew steadily, with revenues of 39.140 billion yuan, an increase of 7.95 per cent in the same year; Xinhua III, as a core operator, cooperated with the operator in many ways and generated revenues of 8,831 million yuan, an increase of 9.59 per cent in the same year; and Xinhua ' s 3H3c brand products and services generated revenues of 870 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
Xinhua Businesses: Xinhua has continued to break through the fields of digital government, smart education, smart medicine, digital finance, intelligent transportation, and has launched a series of digital solutions for different industry scenarios, and has participated in the writing of a number of industry standards that fully meet the digital transition needs of corporate clients. As of 2022, Xinhua has participated in 18 national ministries and 26 provincial departments.
The new ict service model was launched in 2022 in Xinhua, with the construction of the Tob, Tog, ict-wide commercial city, which provides a one-stop-shop ict service for industry clients and shortens traditional ict business links based on Xinhua 3.
Ten years of industry understanding and deep-ploughing, Xinhua Three Business Town has integrated more than 150 scenarios, more than 500 common solutions, such as smart education, smart medicine, digital villages, smart parks, online integration to meet the digitalization needs of clients in different industries, the digital transformation and upgrading of customers in the full range of enabling industries.
Domestic operators: In 2022, Xinhua and China continued to pursue the strategy of the “Spins of Clouds” and promoted the integration of the operators' cloud networks, the active deployment of the operators' arithmetic networks, deterministic networks, liquid cold data centres, light-quantified core networks, etc.
Large share of the winning operator collection project and major projects: full containment of seven packages with a winning value of over 3 billion yuan was achieved in the centralized server procurement project for telecommunications in China for 2022-2023; the winning Chinese telecommunications first-time urban cloud network equipment vbras collection project entered key Chinese telecommunications operations in Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Guangdong and Sichuan provinces; the winning China wide power project
5g Core Network Project-it Cloud Pool Equipment Acquisition Project, which provides China's Wide Power 5g Network with the overall cloud platform, software and hardware products needed for the construction of the it Cloud Pool, integrated transport and associated engineering services, among others: a maximum share of China's Connected Firewall Project and its full deployment to core sites such as Connected Communications Clouds, 5gc, Bonesc and Clouds;
Key projects such as the China mobile data centre switch collection project, the China mobileit private Yunsdn framework collection project, the China connected data centre switch collection project, and the China connected cloud server collection project are continuing. Further breakthroughs in high-end strategic markets by operators: core router cr19000 continues to expand, with further grounding in the first half of the year.
Breaking through the core nodes of the three major operators’ urban area network; successfully entering China’s mobile 5g microstations, and steadily promoting pilot and testing of China’s power and telecommunications and China’s connection 5g microstations. Operators’ scope of operations has been expanded and new operations have been scaled up rapidly: smart household gateways, home-based cameras, and other household products.
New types of business such as security lines and cloud desktops in the government and business markets are growing rapidly, and the product matrix is gradually becoming richer. International operations: Xinhua III continued to strengthen its overseas affiliates ' layout and talent team-building in 2022. Currently, there are 12 overseas affiliates, and 1.359 overseas certified partners cumulatively, providing timely localized sales and technology to clients
Support; Xinhua San, 2022, for overseas markets, released four priority landscape solutions, such as co-location solutions, innovative educational solutions, efficient medical solutions and reliable public service solutions, which have been deployed in several countries, including Malaysia and Japan, to achieve breakthroughs in government, health, education, finance, energy, transport, etc.
Successfully built multi-industry model works. Purple cloud critical technology continues to evolve and cloud service business continues to break through \triangleright
In 2022, the core subsidiary, Purple Cloud, achieved operating income of 1,503 million yuan, an increase of 48.95 per cent over the same period, net losses of 368 million yuan, and a shrinking deficit.
UDPS has successfully upgraded to an advanced distributed cloud structure, with UDPS producing multiple types of services such as laas, paas, big data, ai, apaas, saas, and currently providing 44 subcategories, 173, 557 specifications of cloud services, further enhancing market competitiveness; the UDPS released 68 saas digitized capabilities that can be delivered to a single web.
In the areas of management, urban lifelines, intelligent communities, digital villages, industrial Internet, etc., multi-focus sectors such as government, business, industry, water, etc., breakthroughs have been made in cloud services, smart cities, and industrial clouds, achieving multi-project winnings:
In the case of cloud services, the following projects have been identified: Guangxi, Chongqing, Qing, Qing, Chongqing, Chongqing, Chengdu City, Chengdu City, City of Wisdom, Digital Migration, and the future community of Merlin.
According to idc, the company is ranked second in the market share of 33.8%, 35.3%, and 31.0% respectively in China's Ethernet exchange, Enterprise Net exchange, and Data Centre exchange markets.
The share of the country's network router market is 31.8 per cent and continues to be second in the market; the share of China's corporate class wlan market is 28.0 per cent, and for 14 consecutive years the market is first in the market for China x 86 servers at 18.0 per cent, maintaining the market second in the market; the Chinese blade service was second in the first three quarters in the market for the utm firewall in China at 23.7 per cent; and the Chinese supermarket was second in the market.
\triangleright is a leading domestic \ct equipment company with a complete \ cloud-net-side-end-core chain of industry, and we're looking at the company's digital history.
\triangleright aigc industry has not developed as expected; cloud computing industry has not developed as expected; overseas business has not developed as expected; parent company debt has been engaged in Chinese start-up securities, vendor securities, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, covering the intellectual manufacturing & cloud computing Idc chain,
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications.
Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Doctor of Physics, Beijing University, Condensed Physics. Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2021, covering areas such as cable & telecommunications new energy sources, laser radar, vehicle controllers, cloud computing & 5g.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.