Xinhua shares (000938.sz)
Events: The 28th meeting of the Eighth Board of Directors of Purple Queens was considered and adopted, with no more than 35 specific targets, with no more than 25 per cent (including 25 per cent) of the total stock of listed companies, i.e. 71,501.9968 million shares, and no more than the total amount of funds raised to issue a share to a specific target.
In May 2016, Purple shares were acquired through Purple International, with an additional 48% held by Hpe Cayman and 1% held by izarholdingco. On December 30, 2022, after multiple rounds of communication between the two sides, Hpe Cayman and zarholdingco sent to Purple International " On the Exercise of the Sale Period " .
According to the Share Purchase Agreement signed by the parties to the transaction, the price for the trading of Xinhua is US$ 3,428,535,816, the trading of Xinhua thirty-one percent of the Xinhua stock held by zarholdingco is US$ 71,464,184, and the share of Xinhua is acquired through Purple Light by 39% of Xinhua's shareholding.
So the Uttar Pradesh shares raised up to 12 billion yuan in shares issued to a specific target to finance the purchase of 39% of Xinhua’s shareholdings. To raise the control of listed companies over Xinhua’s assets, and raise the level of profitability of high-quality companies.
Xinhua 3 1% of Xinhua shares are held by the company Li Hongtao, and Xinhua 3 has significantly increased the quality, income, and profit levels of Xinhua 3 since 2016, when the listed company acquired Xinhua 3 control.
Control over Xinhua San and push the company to consolidate its leadership in the ict industry while maximizing the net profits that the listed company belongs to the shareholders of the parent company. In 2022, Xinhua Triad collected 49.810 billion yuan, contributing purple light shares: demand plus technology plus governance three-frequency resonance, numbers.
The net profit is $3.73 billion; if Xinhua's performance of Xinhua is taken into account, the profit from the Xinhua shares in 24 years is expected to reach 50.7 billion dollars in the pre-violet shares' annual report, further improving the financial position of listed companies and leading to an increase in the total market value, thereby consolidating and upgrading the market.
The company is a global leader in cloud computing infrastructure, a supplier of construction and industrial intelligent applications, with a higher market share in major ict infrastructure markets such as switchboards, servers, routers, wlans, etc., and a leader in the domestic market.
As of the end of March 2023, there were more than 7,600 valid domestic patents mandated, more than 500 valid overseas patents and nearly 90% invention patents. 17 overseas branch offices have been established in Asia, Europe, Africa, Latin America, etc.
By acquiring Xinhua 3 shares, listed companies will continue to optimize their operations, further enhance the digital economy, create synergies, enhance core competitiveness, and properly address the issue of Xinhua 3 ' s options and guarantee stability in the operations of listed companies.
The Division is to purchase the Xinhua stock from Hpe Cayman in cash, Xinhua in cash, izarholdingco in cash, Xinhua in 31 per cent of Xinhua equity, Xinhua in cash, and Xinhua in $3.5 billion for transactions of 39 per cent of Xinhua equity, and in cash, for companies.
Large amounts of money, relying solely on own money and bank loans, will have some impact on the company’s financial structure and soundness of operations, and this collection of equity issues to specific targets will effectively address the gap in the company’s financial needs for the current exchange. At the same time, improvements in the financial structure will help to expand the company’s subsequent integration through, for example, bank credit.
But, in the medium and long term, the company’s profitability and sustainability are predictable: usually, the decision to approve the additions from the general meeting of shareholders to the CVM’s consideration of the adoption of the additions.
As a result of the audit, the actual time required is usually between three and six months, until the listed company has a written approval document from the CSRC. We anticipate the completion of the investment proposal for Xinhua 3 shares by the end of 23 years: we believe that the company will remain growing for the long term.