Xinhua's performance was higher than expected, and Xinhua's revenue was higher than the comparable caliber 05, 2023. Summary of events: On 27 April 2023, the company released its first quarter report, 2023, which achieved the camp as a whole.
\triangleright High base maintains growth, with priority product markets leading. \triangleright \triangleright
Taking into account the large-scale pre-positioning of Internet vendors due to a lack of cores in the first quarter of 22 years, this period has remained positive at Xinhua’s three-high base. Referring to data from 21 years of regular water levels in Xinhua, Xinhua collected $8,195 million, the company has made breakthroughs in a number of key areas to further expand its lead by technological innovation, and the firm is counting.
In 2022, China ranked second in the Ether Net exchange, the Enterprise Net switch, and the Data Centre switch; China's business net router market continued to rank second; China's business class wlan market share was first in 14 consecutive years; and China's share of servers x 86 was guaranteed.
Ma Tianxing has the second largest share of the domestic market share of the gpu server.
\triangleright 2023q1 \triangleright 2023q1, with the exception of a slight increase in R&D costs, the cost rates of companies are largely flat, sales/management/research
The module will support the deployment of a wide-band, low-time, and non-destructive network switchboard and meet the needs of the one-time network. A comprehensive set-up of smart innovations will work to expand international markets.
\triangleright \triangleright’s Xinhua subsidiary has accelerated the "Cloud-Net-Arith-Repository-End" layout and digital innovation to capture the new technology development cycle. Under the "aiinall" technology strategy, the company has launched the H3uniserverr5,000 series.
Piloting the ict market, building the digital economy and the i-core base server, fully supporting digital infrastructure such as the H3cp4 programming switch on the web; product and -2023/04/03
Solutions continue to be applied in multi-domain depths such as government/operator/financial/electric energy/education/medical/transport/smart manufacturing. Companies continue to contract international markets, investing in making overseas markets “second Xinhua 39% shares” of income growth, and the net return to the mother is expected to increase significantly -
In February, Xinhua III successfully hosted the 2023 Navigate Navigator International Summit in Indonesia, 3. Purple Shares (000938.sz) published a new overseas strategy to help multinational clients to create a digital base for the future.
Xinhua Sanict has a steady “outboard” strength of its, smart terminals, pc and the overall solution for parks and operators, and has been upgraded to 2022/11/05 at sub-regional and sub-regional levels.
There are 17 overseas branches in Europe, Africa and Latin America, with over 1,500 overseas partners, and an incident review of 4. Purple shares (000938.sz): a spare parts bank has been set up in 37 countries and territories on schedule, covering 176 countries and territories.
As a result, the group is resurfacing, and the company is embarking on a new investment proposal: the company actively embraces the new aigc technology, the new business, and expands its overseas business, and looks forward to the company's product strength and technology development capabilities, and looks forward to the company's growth of the second curve abroad.
5. Highlighting of the Purple Shares (000938.sz) incident: Xinhua Three Business Town is officially on the line and further sunk market expansion \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.