The acquisition of Xinhua's Three Boots is on the ground, and the Arithmetic Network is expected to perform better. 28/05/2023 Summary of events: On 27 May 2023, the company released a plan for the acquisition and acquisition of assets, to be owned by a fully-owned subsidiary.
Purple Light International buys Xinhua 3 48% of Xinhua equity in cash from Hpe Cayman, 31% of Xinhua equity in cash from izarholdingco, and a total of Xinhua 300 million yuan in cash for Xinhua 39% of Xinhua equity in Hewlett-Packard.
Acquisition certainty is further enhanced, with only a limited increase of $12 billion in shares. \triangleright looks back on the acquisition history, which was completed in May 2016 with the company ' s fully-owned subsidiary, Purple Light International, registered in Hong Kong
As of 3 January 2023, the company held 31% of the Xinhua holdings through Purple International, and the Hewletttpackerprise company held 38% and 1% of the Xinhua holdings through its full-fledged company, Hpe Cayman and zarholdingco.
The quality of Xinhua’s assets, income, and size of profits have risen significantly since the listed company acquired Xinhua’s control. When this acquisition is completed, Xinhua’s company will become a subsidiary with 100% of the company’s shares indirectly.
49% of Xinhua's three-equity deal was valued at $3.5 billion, corresponding to approximately 24.7 billion yuan, and 51% of Xinhua's three-equity was acquired in 16 years by Purple, with the final payment of 16.661 billion yuan.
The acquisition is expected to increase performance and stimulate endogenous growth. 1) The acquisition drives and results increase performance, with an additional approval from the Shareholder Assembly to consider the adoption of the proposed additions to the SEC.
Well, we judge that it's expected to land by the end of 23; Xinhua San, the company's core asset, is assessed by the company's annual report as having outperformed its performance, and Xinhua's higher than comparable caliber profits, and Xinhua's 22-year net profit of Xinhua's third parent is 3,731 million yuan (in 51 per cent of the shareholding ratio), an increase of 8.65 per cent over the same year.
100% net return profits are expected to increase significantly; 2) acquisitions create synergies and enhance digital competitiveness. Purple is in the market for major ict equipment markets such as switchboards, servers, routers, wlan, etc.
-2023/04/03 High share of the field, leading the country; Xinhua 3 depth layout, "Cloud-net-count-store-end" whole-sector chain with 3-violet shares (000938.sz) incident rating: proposed acquisition
The overall capability of a fully digitized infrastructure, such as computing, storage, networks, 5g, security, terminals, etc., provides a 39% share in Xinhua, and the net return profit is expected to increase significantly - including computing, big data, artificial intelligence, industrial Internet, information security, smart connections, margin computing, etc.
One-stop digital solution for 2023/01/04 and end-to-end technical services.
The economic industry is structured to create synergies and improve core competitiveness, and the company is expected to reach a broader assessment: currency exchange delays q3 performance, and the city of Xinhua Triict has a stable credit market; 3) subsequent Hewlett-Packard cooperation with Purple will continue, and the restrictions on Xinhua III's access to the sea will become smaller.
5. Review of the Purple Shares (000938.sz) incident: end of schedule Investment proposal: consideration of 100% of the company and presentation of Xinhua's performance will increase significantly and hopefully stimulate further
As a result of the transfer of shares, the group reorganization officer is in the process of setting in motion a new \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.