Utility shares (000938.sz) Communications group with robust performance growth and full embrace of aigc
On 27 April, the company disclosed its first quarterly report for 2023, with operating income reaching 165.29 17.92 per cent during the reporting period. Performance met expectations.
Business growth is robust and the cost rate is stable over time. One quarter of company digital solutions are advanced, 2023.3.31 degrees of expansion and overall business growth is positive, with the operator receiving revenue for the first quarter of operations
2. “Improving operations, cash flow growth bright-violet shares need to be opened in the third quarter of 2022, and overseas operations become the second curve in income growth. The company's Māori rate is 21%. Report Review, 2022.10.30.
“The growth of non-net profits is more than expected, and the income structure continues to improve – the UV shares are at a higher level. The controlling subsidiary Xinhua has achieved business income of Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua, net profits Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua, net profits Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua, net profits Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua, net profits Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua Xinhua, net profits Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinca Xinjiang Xinca, multi-product market share remains ahead.
The uniserverr5,000 series of aai server, which covers the whole of the ai from training to reasoning, can help users achieve 90% of their computing performance, for example, on a large-scale ai-training scene like Chatgpt.
The 400g silicon light integration switch was released, with full support for 2.5dcpo technology, with a 40+ per cent reduction in single port power consumption and a 20-30 per cent increase in radiative efficiency compared to the 400g transmission. The company plans to release 800g switch and 800g light modules in 23 years to support bandwidth and bandwidth.
In 2022, companies continued to take the lead in many product markets, such as wlan, switchboards, service servers, routers, etc., and remained at the top two in the industry. Alinall’s strategy led by alinall proposed to buy Xinhua with three large profits.
The strategy, by integrating artificial intelligence technology fully into the product lines, will benefit from the arithmetic and network demand generated by a landfall. Xinhua, as the domestic ict leader, is a high-quality asset in the digital economy, and looks forward to an overall improvement in performance and valuation following the completion of a company’s acquisition.
Due to the uncompleted acquisition of Xinhua San, we are not considering its impact on performance. We expect increased competition in the public and private sectors; 5g has not advanced as expected; trade friction between China and the United States has deepened; and analysis of the relevant reporting ratings in overseas markets.