A steady increase in performance was achieved with the deep layout “Cloud-Net-Cross-Repository-Equal” having achieved a total of 16,529 million yuan in the company during the quarter, an increase of 7.74 per cent in the same year; a net return of 439 million yuan, an increase of 17.92 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 337 million yuan in the form of deductions.
In the first quarter of 2023, the Xinhua Three Group achieved a net profit of $10.642 billion.
696 million yuan. The company implements the “allall” technology strategy, the deep layout of the “ Cloud-Net” industrial chain, accelerates digital innovation, constantly enriches digital solutions, introduces ict products such as servers, network equipment and secure products, and meets the computing network generated by the aigc development.
New needs for infrastructure. Corporate performance has increased steadily in the first quarter, operator operations and international operations have grown rapidly, and product and landscape solutions continue to be applied in depth in the areas of government, operators, finance, power, education, medical care, transport and smart manufacturing, with the addition of our digital economy.
Rapid growth, and a wide range of future growth spaces.
Purple shares (000938.sz): Performance expectations, enhanced profitability, Purple shares (000938.sz): Group debt
"The Resurgence of the Land, the Future Development of the Company."
In terms of profitability, the Māori sales ratio has increased, and the net interest rate on sales has risen. In the first quarter of 2023, the Māori sales rate has been reduced by 0.92 percentage points, and the ring has increased by 2.13 percentage points.
The net sales interest rate of 4.69 per cent was achieved, with a 0.45 percentage point increase in the same year, and a 0.50 percentage point increase in the ring. We believe that with the firm’s steady increase in multi-sector market shares, the continued optimization of cloud computing operations and the expansion of overseas markets, the aggregate gross interest rate is expected to be further optimized.
Corporate operating cash flows improved on a year-on-year basis and business levels improved. In the first quarter of 2023, net cash flows generated by corporate operations amounted to $953 million, an increase of 59.05 per cent over the same period. We believe that negative cash flows in the first quarter are mainly due to orders received by companies to purchase upstream materials and that future cash flows are expected to improve continuously.
In terms of the cost side, corporate overall cost controls are excellent. In the first quarter of 2023, companies achieved $12.11 billion in sales costs, respectively, as a result of exchange gains. We believe that in 2023, as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the dollar increased, the company’s financial costs were or would be gradually invested in innovation, with many excellent R & D teams and cutting-edge technology. In the first quarter of 2023, companies developed several cutting-edge technologies.
We believe that future ai technology or enabling product research and development is expected to accelerate the pace of product research and development.
The product solution is expected to continue to optimize.
According to idc, the company is ranked second in the market share of 33.8%, 35.3% and 31.0% in the market share of China’s enterprise net routers, and continues to rank second in the market; the market share of China’s corporate class wlan is 28.0%.
For 14 consecutive years, the market was the first; the market share of China x 86 servers was 18.0 per cent, maintaining the market second; the first three quarters of China ' s blade service was the second largest market share in China ' s utm firewall market at 23.7 per cent; and China ' s supermarket was the first market share at 23.9 per cent.
\triangleright, a leading domestic \ct equipment company with a complete arithmetic industrial chain, looks forward to the company’s competitive power and long-term development in the digital economy. The company’s net return profits are expected to be 2,667 million yuan in 2023-2025.
The development of the aigc industry has not been as expected: the growth of the cloud computing industry has not been as expected: the development of overseas operations has not been as expected: the debt of the parent company has been assigned to the Sino-Chinese Stock Exchange, which joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2021, the Insight Manufacturing & Cloud Calculating Idc Industrial Chain, Ishiyote, the Communications Research Assistant, the Master of Financial Sciences of the Beijing University of Foreign Languages, and the English language level VIII.
In December 2020, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the communications sector, covering areas such as networking of goods, vehicle navigation, smart power grids, operators, 5g applications. Chen Guangyi, member of the Communications Group, Ph.D. in Physics, Beijing University, condensed physics. In December 2021, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.