BG (601238.sh): Autonomous new energy sources continue to rise and move towards the year 2030 target of trillions of dollars in revenue.
Events: On December 30, the company issued a business announcement, and for 22 years it is expected that the company will be able to bring together the new energy sources of Lu Kamin Autonomous Brand, and pass on the two stars of Eyan. The company expects the Autonomous Brands to be in place all year round.
More than 620,000 vehicles were sold, with high sales innovation. For example, brand names, January-November, pass-through, EA and EA had cumulative sales of 325,000 (+11.1% of year-on-year), 241,000 (+122.2% of year-on-year) and, in the month-on-month of November, EA and EA had sales of 26,000 per month.
27.5%), 29,000 (+91.3% of the year). Corporate ownership of new energy sales is over 43%, which has become a central driver of corporate ownership. In the new phase of withdrawal of new energy subsidies, the market is expected to be seized at an accelerated pace.
In terms of volume, however, there is a great deal of resilience: for the first time a million vehicles were sold throughout the year, of which 85,000 were sold on a single month in November, compared to +0.2 per cent.
A significant success was recorded in the industry, leading the joint venture brand; there was some pressure on the wide book: the first single month of November was a single month for 47,000 vehicles, compared to 39.7 per cent in the same month, and the number of new vehicles in the joint venture brand was large, with new models changing or will be introduced to add more dynamic energy: a new one, a new one, a new one, a new one, a new one, a new one, a new one.
In the city, the market is expected to rise next year, with a new model that is expected to contribute to a 23-year increase in joint sales. With the high quality of Eian branding, the long-term internationalization strategy is expected to bring in a new one, which is expected to be 23 years old.
At the end of the year, or early in the year, it's on its own. On December 30, EA's high-end hyperpit launched a second model - Sci-Sci-Sci-Visor Hypergt, with two new technologies, the Aep3.0 platform, with a super-run rotary-wing door, the only one-size-fits-all-the-world simulation grid, the three-part pattern.
An arc design of electric wind cover wings, Michelin custom-made high-performance tyres, super-run-grade red beads, stone rear lights with the lowest production-car wind resistance factor of 0.19cd, 4-second-level zero-acceleration, 100-km braking distance of less than 35 m, turn radius of less than 5.3 m, Hyper brand independent channel
The sale, which will take the 300,000-grade market, will be listed on 23-h1 in the case of dibitslamodel3/Atrium 001; and the co-operation vehicle, Xavier 8-supplier, will be produced in 23 years, and the Eean brand-up strategy is expected to come to the market at the level of sales. Eyan is stable.
In parallel with the acceleration of the internationalization strategy in the domestic market, no fewer than two new Sinda securities companies will be launched each year, with an annual target of 1.5 million vehicles, of which 500,000 will be exported.
I mean, it's just that, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, it's, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, um, it's like, um, um, it's like, um, um, um, it's like, um, it's like, um, um, it's, um, um, it's like, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, it's, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, uh, uh, uh, you, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, you, um, you?, you, you,
2.644 million vehicles. The new energy industry is well-placed: BUST will integrate lithium mines, basic lithium raw materials production, storage energy with power cell production, power exchange, storage energy, etc. into the business system, and is expected to create synergies with the new energy vehicle production sales of the consortium, and to secure the company ' s supply chain.
The company launched the 2030 "Worst Billion Masses 1578 Development Program" to set the long-term goal of becoming a world-class technology firm. In "1578," the "1" generation.
Table 1 Target: $1 trillion in revenue, $1 trillion in tax revenues and over 4.75 million in production and sales to become world-class technology enterprises by 2030; “5” represents a five-fold increase in total vehicle transformation, parts and components chain extension, energy and ecological empowerment, internationalization and courage, and intelligent venturers.
Industrialization operations; “7” represents the consolidation of seven major sections, including R & D, whole cars, spare parts, energy and ecology, internationalization, intellectual mobility, investment and finance; and “8” represents the implementation of eight major actions, focusing on institutional reform, STI research-investment and consolidation, full brand upgrading, strong chains of ownership.
We believe that the 1578 strategy is expected to be a strategic blueprint for companies to build world-class technology firms that will drive them to deepen their reforms, sustain innovation and move abroad.
With smart electric power and technological aids, the valuation has increased. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net return profit for 2022-2024 to be a risk factor: the market process in the new car has fallen short of expectations, the risk of falling sales in the industry, etc.
\triangleright Figure 1: Eyanhypergt Figure 2: Eyanhypergt
Figure 3: Corporate revenue per annum / year-on-year increase Figure 4: Corporate net profits per year / year-on-year increase Figure 5: Corporate revenue per quarter / year-on-year increase
Figure 6: Quarterly net profit return by company / year-on-year increase, Figure 7: Quarterly Mäori ratio by company, Figure 8 Quarterly cost rate by company
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the automobile industry, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc. Master ' s degree. Worked at Toyota Autotechnical Center and Joaquin Securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies plus two years of auto industry research.
Experience. The main areas covered are whole cars, Tesla industrial chains, electrical intelligence, etc. Cao Zing, Assistant Researcher in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering intelligent cars, car networking, new power in car construction, etc.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.