Researchchand developmentcenter keeps going through the cycle for a long time and re-engineer wings in reverse flow patterns.
27 March 2023.
The strategic direction of the company has evolved four times in the long term, and it has remained committed to the development of real estate.
Swaying, and making forward-looking adjustments to the main strategy according to the different stages of the industry and its own development, reflects firm strategic determination and forward-looking strategic positioning of the company.
Jiang Woo-hui environment, flexible adjustment of business strategies. In terms of strategic location, the strategic location of the change of organizational structure certification companies, while the company is not afraid to change, has created a business sharing center in recent years, in terms of organizational viability.
In 2021, the company’s new management led the company through a smooth cycle and actively increased its sales: it was firmly around the core city, and the region’s deep-drawing effect was remarkable. In 2022, the company achieved a full-calibre flat, a 17.6% drop in the same year, with sales outperforming the big market, down-to-business, private-owned credit risk.
Among the opportunities and challenges of upgrading and accelerating industry clearance, companies actively seize the dual opportunities offered by land and marketing markets, increasing land and push in the core urban areas, selling on a full-calibre basis, raising the number of sales industries to 2 to 2 in the industry. Companies are always at the centre of regional layouts.
Cities are at the core, adhere to the urban deep-farming strategy, and allow companies to remain stable in the down-cycle cycle, with the power to move through the cycle. During the down-cycle, the company’s core urban deep-farm strategy is still being validated, and the core city has been rising in reverse proportions.
Land: on a pro-cyclical basis to sell production and keep the pace of opportunities. Recapitulating the company’s growth from 2011 to 2022, the company’s land acquisition strategy combines a pro-cyclical approach to product security development and selection.
To increase profit margins, which would guarantee the company ' s development needs on a pro-cyclical basis, reduce the risks to its operations associated with counter-cyclical land acquisition, and also refine and improve the profitability of its expansion over a relatively short time horizon. During the down-cycle since 2021, companies maintained robustness while also grasping the industry ' s clean-up.
The expansion opportunities offered by the deep adjustment of the land market are 91 extension projects in 2022, with the extension money almost equal to 2021, with 300 billion housing firms ranked second in rank. Structurally, the two-line core city focus is active in gaining access to high-quality plots in the core area.
After 2019, companies began to take the initiative ahead and enjoy the benefits of an improved financing environment, the advantages of financing were highlighted, interest-bearing liabilities increased rapidly. After home equity financing was opened, companies proposed to raise no more than $12.5 billion.
It helps to scale up the company’s business and improve market competitiveness; optimizes balance sheets while replenishing the flow of funds to ease the pressure on cash demand from business growth.
The opportunities for reshaping the three main patterns, with companies building on the advantages of short-term supply, medium-term finance and operations, long-term nationalization logic, and adding to the positive momentum shown in recent years, are expected to capture the opportunities for industrial change in the three main patterns of the industry, moving through the cycle to industry first.
I: Increased market segmentation in the short term, with stronger players with more robust cycles. 2) Pattern re-engineering: medium-term contractions and effective scale growth. 3) Pattern re-engineering: long-term penetration scale Sinda Securities Inc.
The logic of growth makes nationalization more advantageous.
As the sales project moves into a settlement cycle, we expect the company to settle its real estate business for 2022-2024, and as the real estate market recovers, the industry's valuation levels are expected to rise, while we look forward to the Division's growth in sales elasticity and size as the leading real estate company in the recovery of the market.
Secondary coverage gives a “buy-in” rating. Quite a risk factor: policy risk: real estate regulation policy tightened or relaxed less than expected. Market winds: risk: lower-than-expected sales in the real estate sector. Business risk: company real-estate sales operations and others
Business expansion is less than expected. There is a valuation bias between comparable companies and firms in different markets, recast according to the three dimensions of the short-, medium- and long-term landscape experienced by the real estate industry, analysing the advantages of firms in terms of short-term supply, medium-term financing and operation, long-term nationalization logic, etc.
The strategic direction of the company has evolved four times over the years, in terms of its long-term strategy, and has remained consistent in the development of real estate, with forward-looking adjustments to the strategy in line with the different stages of the industry and its own development, reflecting the firm strategic strength and vision of the company.
In terms of short-term research and strategy adjustments in the industry, it is possible to determine industry trends accurately, to match its own development needs with policy and market environments, and to adjust business strategies flexibly. From a strategic perspective, changes in the organizational structure validate the strategic location of the company, while companies are not afraid to change, and the creation of a business-sharing center in recent years has been very aggressive in terms of organizational dynamism.
In 2021, the company’s new management led the company through a smooth cycle and actively increased its confidence in development. In 2022, the company actively seized the land market and the marketing market belts, while maintaining a strong supply advantage.
There are two opportunities to increase land and push in the core urban areas, with full-calibre sales rankings rising to second place in the industry. Companies have always focused on central cities in the regional layout, adhering to the strategy of deep urban farming, so that companies can maintain basic stability in the next cycle and have the power to move through the cycle.
During the interim period, while remaining robust, companies have seized the opportunities for expansion brought about by industrial clearing and deep land market adjustments. Focusing on the two-line core cities, actively securing high-quality plots in the core areas, and sustaining a high-quality land reserve that is firmly built up in the process of steady industrial recovery, are expected to create a supply advantage.
We believe that the real estate sector has three main opportunities for re-engineering in the short, medium, and long term, with companies building on the advantages of short-term supply, medium-term financing and operation, long-term nationalization logic, and adding the positive trends that have emerged in recent years, and that companies are expected to take advantage of the opportunities for industrial change in the three main patterns of the industry and move through the cycle.
1) Reshaping the pattern: Short-term market fragmentation increases, with more robustly passing through the cycle. In the short term, from the top of the ground and the end of the city, there are three main features in the down-cycle of the industry: 1) the size of the housing sector shrinks. 2) the level of land profits improves. 3) Effective market boundaries contract, with the core urban areas showing higher heat and resilience.
During a steady upturn, the division of supply ends determines the division of sales and profits between firms in the short term. Companies keep up the pace of land acquisition at the bottom of the industry, soil storage is flexible, sales are expected to move towards Top1, core cities are growing, competitiveness within effective market boundaries is increased, and the share of the market is expected to rise further.
2. Reshaping pattern II. The growth of the scale of the effective scale-up has been driven by the trend of a medium-term contraction of public and private enterprises. The scale of expansion is currently facing both soft and hard constraints: the financial dilemmas of the phased soft restraints are likely to ease with the policies and fundamentals, but the financial leverage of the three red lines of the hard constraints is reduced, and the financing regulation is expected to lead to off-the-shelf financing.
Retarded, and the decline in liquidity efficiency caused by pre-sale funds regulation. We believe that soft restraints can be further optimized by setting up a three-track red-line financial target for companies as markets become more stable or more predictable, and that additional interest-bearing liability spaces are expected to be released to companies, opening up room for hard constraints.
3) The pattern is three: long-term penetration of the growth logic of scale, and nationalization is more advantageous. From the very nature of the growth of the size of housing, the essence of the expansion of nationalization is the free flow of resources and the constant flow of new capital. In nationalization, companies have the pre-emptive advantage of scale expansion in terms of new capital inputs and the free flow of resources.
(b) The current regulation of pre-sale funds is more liberal for State enterprises, and companies, as State enterprises, can maintain regional resource allocation, which helps to increase resource investment in large and large areas, expand nationalized maps and increase municipal presence and size in the core urban areas.
The company, formerly the Guangzhou Poly Real Estate Development Corporation, completed the restructuring of the stock system in 2002 and changed its business to Paulie Real Estate Co. Ltd., expanding its operations to the whole country; it expanded in 2006 to include the following:
The name Paulie Real Estate (Governance Group) Inc., listed; and in 2018, as an expression of the diversity of corporate development, further accelerated the marketization of two-wing operations, the company changed its name to Paulie Development Consort Ltd. For nearly 16 years on the market, the company became the leading firm in the real estate industry, with the main business being real estate development and sales, and was listed as the leading company in the real estate industry.
This basis is built into a non-movable ecological platform that covers property services, globalization management, sales agents, business management, real estate finance, etc. The company’s combined strength has remained steady for many years in the top five industries, with the company’s deep-farming core urban clusters, covering the main cities in the interior and more than 100 cities in and around Los Angeles, London, Sydney, Melbourne, etc. The sales have been stable in recent years.
For the first five years of the industry, and 12 years in a row, China's Real Estate Industry Leadership brand, and for the first nineteen years, China's real estate has been won by China's 100-dollar Paulie, three decades of wind and rain, and four major developments have taken place: start-up, consolidation of foundations (1992-2002): the company was founded in 1992 and developed its first house in 1995.
The Real Estates Project Paoli Red Cotton Park, which clearly defines production development as the main sector, developed the Paulie Garden in 1998 and created the first model housing area in the country. Nationally, capital operations (2002-2010): reform of the stock system was completed in 2002 with the launch of the “Three” initiative.
Two combinations and the Great Cross strategy. The “three” are dominated by strong real estate, the central urban layout, and commodity houses by residential development; the “two combinations” are about to combine rolling development income with real estate income, combining capital and asset operations; and the “Great Cross” is along the broad line of Kyoto.
In 2006, the company was placed on the market and renamed “Pauli Realty (Governance Group) Limited”; it formed companies such as golf, fairs, commerce, foundations, etc., and acquired the Institute of Rework;
Paulie's first shopping centre, Paulie Water City, Deep Farmer Industries, Plural Development (2010-2016): The target of “remaking a Paulie” within five years was introduced in 2010, with the launch of the “Three Main and Three Combining Strategies” in 2010 and the addition of the “Enlargement of Business Regulations” to the original strategy.
In 2012, corporate sales fell by hundreds of millions; in 2014, the global landscape was launched, starting with Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States, etc.; by 2015, corporate sales amounted to $154.1 billion, or 12.18 million square metres, and the goal of creating a new Paulie in 2010 was met. At the same time, companies entered old age, education, etc., in 2012-2017.
Strategic upgrading, development reform (2016-to date): In 2016, companies officially launched a “one-headed two-wing” development strategy, focusing on real estate investment development, well-being services and industrial financial services, and dedicated to building real-estate livelihoods.
In 2018, the name was changed to “Pauli Development Holdings Group”; in 2019, the company was listed in Hong Kong; and in 2020, sales reached 500 billion. State holdings can depend on a rich pool of resources and stable equity structures.
Shareholding 37.69%, the real-time owner is the big company, China Paulie Group Ltd., which is managed by the State Treasury Board, with a combined shareholding of 40.49%, with a relatively concentrated equity structure. The corporate real-estater Paul Group is a large company managed by the State Property Supervisory Board of the State Council and covers international trade, real estate development, research and development in light industries, engineering services, and the operation of raw materials and products.
Services, cultural and artistic operations, sales and services of civilian explosives, information and communications technology, silk-related industries, financial operations, etc., have seven listed companies, both within and outside the country, which, as the main real estate development platform of the Paulie Group, can rely on a wealth of resources and have advantages in terms of multiple access to land.
Strategies: Building high-rises, maintaining organizational vitality and change. The dual characteristics of companies and leading firms, analysing historical strategic shifts, helping us understand the development characteristics of research companies. We analyse the strategic characteristics of companies from the core of medium- and long-term strategic shifts and short-term strategies, and combine them with the strategic features of companies.
2.1. Core strategy: Staying in business, forward-looking adjustment guides development. Corporate strategic direction has changed four times since 2002:
At the national stage of the company’s deployment, emphasis is placed on real estate, with the central city being the main centre and residential development, a combination of development and business income, and a combination of asset and capital operations. At this stage, companies raise 22 billion yuan, raise assets at a combined rate of more than 70 per cent through capital operations, increase shares, issue corporate debts, etc.
2010-2015: “Three majors, three combinations.” The company restructuring strategy is “three majors, three combinations”, the estate owners, urban layouts and residential development remain unchanged, and in the context of a general decline in the average profits of the industry, the company has added a new “combined business expansion with improved development efficiency”, setting a development goal of over 100 billion dollars in sales and over 10 billion dollars in net profits.
Towards a balanced development of the scale and economic benefits of development, guided by the “Three Majors and Three Combining” strategy, the company became the second home company with a sales value of over 100 billion in 2010 with a relatively stable profit margin. 2016-2017: “One Leader, Two Wings.” 2016: In the context of the development goals for the 13-year period, the company proposed a house-by-house approach in 2016.
Real estate development is dominated by the strategic positioning of the “one-wing” business plate, which is based on real estate finance and community consumption services, and the gradual construction of a “multiple” profit growth model through synergies between the three. On the one hand, real estate development is still the main strategic axis, and on the other hand, it is a forward-looking approach to strategic layout, constantly refining the “two-wing” layout in the community.
Consumer services sectors, corporate dynamic industries, business operations and old-age pensions; in real estate finance blocks, fund management patterns continue to grow and take advantage of market opportunities and participate in strategic investments.
In 2018, in the context of new trends in industry development and new market features, the company changed its name to “Pauli Development Group Inc.” and upgraded the “one-headed two-wing” development strategy to “investment in real estate, with integrated services and real estate finance” and created a platform for the ecological development of real estate.
In the context of change, two-wing industries have been actively developed and nurtured, with a significant increase in market-based competitiveness and a new profit-making growth point. In the area of integrated services, with value-seeking and asset-making in the industrial chain as the main thrust, the development of four core sections of property, agency, construction and commerce has been accelerated, with a focus on the development of 1,000 miles of panels such as fairs, literary tours, recreation, education, apartments, etc., and in the area of real-estate finance.
Increasing the size and marketability of real estate funds, upgrading investment in the industrial chain and capital operations, increasing synergies with major and diversified industries through mergers and acquisitions funds, securitization of assets, industrial funds, etc., actively promoting inclusive finance, maximizing customer resource advantages, working with industry leaders to speed up market development.
Development around real estate investments in integrated services and real estate finance, construction of more than a dozen integrated service modules covering property management, sales agents, business management, and building of real estate eco-development with a housing wing
From the long-term strategic planning and development of the company, there is a strong strategic orientation and forward-looking strategic orientation: (1) A strong commitment to keeping the owners of real estate development intact.
The process and the real estate sector’s development opportunities are judged by the persistence of the dominant real-estate developers at the heart of the company’s development. A firm’s adherence to real-estate ownership has allowed the company to grow in size and to remain a leader in the industry. (2) Foresee: the company makes forward-looking adjustments to its main strategy according to the different stages of the industry and its own development.
At the same time, while maintaining a strong ownership of real estate development, each strategic adjustment has been made in a forward-looking manner, taking into account the characteristics of industry development and its own development stage. For example, in 2009, in the context of accelerated urbanization, rapid economic development, etc., the industry context that underpins the demand for real estate markets and rapid corporate development, companies built on the “3+2” strategy by adding “expanding operations”
In 2016, in a context of policy tightening and normalizing the real estate sector, companies proposed strategic adjustments based on changing business patterns.
2.2. Industry research and strategy adjustment: mastering industry trends and maintaining a steady medium- and long-term growth trend, in addition to the overall medium-term and long-term strategy of the company, the company is also looking at the industry, taking into account its own circumstances and development needs.
For example, the policy tightening in 2011, corporate judgement regulation, the fundamental aim of which is to curb speculation and bring real estate markets back to rigid residential and reasonable investment needs, and the company's industry-based research in its business strategy has proposed “Improving the proportion of small and medium-sized households and the value of products, taking advantage of the demand markets and expanding sales”.
The marketing-scale strategy, while adapting policies to the market environment, is consistent with the overall strategy of moderate corporate expansion. For example, in 2014, companies developed new patterns of growth in long-term industries, with the provincial capital city of the first and second-line central cities, whose dynamic economic development and population absorption capacity are bound to become the most dynamic future commodity housing markets in the future, and in 2014 they will be able to do so.
In the post-business strategy, companies have repeatedly emphasized the efficiency of their operations and the need to deepen the strategic layout of the urban conglomerates and the urban circle in their urban expansion strategies. Towards the beginning of this rotation control in 2021, the company proposed “the real estate industry will move into a period of precision regulation, as city-based policy advice, as well as managing masters” in its 2021 and 2022 business strategies.
Re-referring to “cash flow management at the core”, optimizing the asset-liability structure and enhancing resilience to risk, while at the same time taking advantage of the development opportunities offered by the increased concentration in the industry.
Localization of the organizational structure change validation strategy Localization of the organizational structure change validation strategy. Knowledge of corporate strategy often comes from the company's external disclosure. Information released by the company may differ from actual implementation due to various possible claims, while the company's organizational structure may differ from that of the company.
Three major organizational changes have taken place since 2013, 2017 and 2021, respectively: 2013: the company ' s additional engineering management centre, the overseas ministry, and the Institute of Development Studies to implement a corporate-scale expansion strategy to expand overseas markets and emerging businesses.
2015: The company created an additional asset management centre and an innovative operations centre, and the various components of the property development process, each at the headquarters level, set up a management centre to support rapid business expansion and meet the rapid expansion needs of the public division and match the demands of the rapid expansion of the company at that time.
2021: Corporations merged parts of the sector and integrated the establishment of real estate management centres and industrial management centres for industrial companies in order to respond quickly to changes in the market, strengthen the management of industrial operations and layouts; strategic investment was established, in combination with the pre-investment, in-investment and post-investment links, to achieve closed investment management: based on new characteristics of industry and market development
Risk management centres have been set up, risk prevention and internal control oversight enhanced, and risk containment ensured. 2.3.2. Change without fear has been created to keep the organization alive.
The strategic change in the orientation of acquisition and upgrading shows a very strong organizational dynamism. Pauly is currently preparing two business sharing centres, Guangdong and Huadong, with product, technology, cost and procurement at their core, to further optimize product competitiveness, promote product standardization, and enhance development efficiency.
Major strategic deployments following corporate restructuring in 2021 are also significant initiatives ahead of industry, reflecting companies’ forward-looking and flexible approach to organizational change. What is a mid-stage?
It refers to the ability of a system to integrate, platform, and assemble the common needs of an enterprise. The middle stage is characterized by grouping, reuse, common, flexible expansion: assembly is more independent, reusable means many places can be called, shared is used across sectors and across sectors. Flexible expansion refers to the expansion of the company ' s size.
The median system can still be supported by an increase in the number of displays or clients. The centre can be divided into the middle of the business, the middle of the data, and the middle of the technology. The middle of the business refers to services that are multi-purpose, multi-scenario, common and modular; the data centre refers to the discovery, concentration, cleansing, drawing, integration, computing, etc. of internal and external data from the enterprise, and so on.
Enterprise data assets, with comprehensive and well-connected data services based on data assets; technology median refers to basic, universal, standard intermediates and support services for business applications.
This is particularly important in order to support the region’s efficient tilling strategy. Real estate companies can build regional centres based on models of regional tillage, increase regional middle-level human investment, and reduce fully developed project manpower investment.
Reducing management costs: As the real estate sector continues to evolve dramatically, an increasing number of home-based enterprises are focusing on per capita efficiency, providing benefits to management by integrating products design, engineering technology, cost management, materials procurement, etc. with replicable features, using the medium of operations to avoid waste and reduce management costs arising from business duplication.)
Co-line, improving management effectiveness: The real estate industry involves more upstream and downstream industries, more systems and more decentralized operations, so data collection is more difficult, and it is only through a medium-level process of cumulative data collection that it is possible to lay the foundation for large data, to form data sharing, to store business data at the middle-level, to facilitate access to data between lines, and to improve it.
Reasons and foundations for the company's mid-level construction: 1) Organizational base: as a company that maintains a “group-area” second-tier structure, flat-down management structures, while leading to greater managerial efficiency and reduced staff redundancies and lower costs, can lead to differences in capacity between the different branches, and the sharing centre can be adopted on the basis of maintaining a two-tier structure
Regional sharing centres achieve regional business linkages and enhance the integrated competitiveness of affiliates. 2) Enhance the competitiveness of firms in the two main urban clusters of Guangdong and China East: Guangdong and Chinadong are the two core urban clusters of corporate urban layouts, which are key for companies to enhance the competitiveness of regional markets, and the creation of digital sharing centres can help to upgrade firms in these two urban clusters.
Internal resource utilization, reduced operating costs, optimized product competitiveness, promoted product standardization, and brought the company’s management to root for decades, smooth transition through the cycle. In 2021, the company’s management managed a smooth transition, company’s main management to take root for decades, and company president Liu Ping joined Paulie in 1998 as a plan.
During the year, not only were the directors of several regional companies familiar with industry trends and market changes, but during the period 2016 to 2020, the company completed a range of 200 billion to 500 billion yuan in size and proposed and landed a “one-man-two-wing” diversified development strategy. After the change of corporate management in 2021, corporate corporate business as a whole remained flat in 2021.
Steady, with an increase in sales by one point, in 2022, in a deeply adjusted market environment in the industry, the new management led the company through a smooth cycle and seized the market opportunity to continue to raise the company’s sales ranking.
Born 1968, Bachelor of Economics, Senior Auditor. Worked in 1989 as Chief of the Immediate Division of the Guangdong Provincial Bureau of Planning, Manager of the Paulie Real Estate Plan Department, Director of the General Manager ' s Office, assistant to the General Manager, Secretary of the Board of Directors, Deputy General Manager. Current Director, General Manager of the Company.
Born in 1973 in Zhou Dongli, Master of Business Administration. Worked as Deputy Manager, Finance Department, General Department of Construction and Development, Paulie (Beijing) Real Estate Development Co. Ltd., Manager, Finance Department, China Security, 1995.
Deputy Director-General, Finance Department, LIG Ltd., General Accountant, Paulie Investment Holdings Ltd. Presently born in 1972, Master of Economics. Worked as Project Manager, Senior Manager, Finance Department, China Pauly Group Ltd., General Auditor, Deputy General Manager, Director,
Management has actively increased its confidence in development. On 5 August 2021, the company issued a bulletin on the company ' s chairman and all senior managers ' plans to increase their shares in the company, the company ' s chairman, managing director Liu Ping, and all senior management.
The positive growth in corporate management, with the head of the company, Liu Ping, accounting for 276,000 shares over the same period the previous year, highlights the company management ' s policy towards sales of 3.
19.5% maintain relatively robust sales performance, and the large housing companies, which are nationalized, are able to maintain relatively robust performances at the down-deep stage of the industry, reflecting the firm’s ability to move through the cycle. Taking advantage of the industry’s deep adjustment opportunities, sales are ranked three times back.
Five are behind the more rapidly expanding private housing enterprises of Beguio Park, Huanko, Heng Da, and others; in 2021, the company's management set the company's size target of a “triple race” in which, among the opportunities and challenges of falling down the industry, upgrading the credit risk of private enterprise and accelerating the liquidation of the industry, the company actively seized the dual opportunities offered by land and marketing markets and increased its nuclear presence in the core cities.
In comparison with the sales and sales of the first house in 2022, the difference in sales between the company and the first industry was significantly reduced to $7 billion, while the size of the land was far greater than that of the other heads of household. We believe that as the market stabilized in 2023, the company formed in 2022.
Figure 9: The amount of sales contracted by the company for the calendar year and the rate of increase by the same year Figure 10: The area of sales contracted by the company for the calendar year and the rate of increase by the same year Chart 11: Average price of sales contracted by the company for the calendar year and the rate of increase by the same year
Figure 12: The market share of company sales over the years (%) 3.2. Regional layout: Focus on the core cities and regions, where urban deep-farming has achieved significant results
The development of regional strategies focusing on Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai, as well as on other economic centres, has since been a process of nationalization, with more than a decade of insistence and emphasis on the layout of the core second-line cities: the downside phase of the industry, for example, in 2014, where companies have increased their deep-deeping in the second-line cities, where markets are recovering more rapidly and stocks are under pressure, and the upscaling phase of the industry.
For example, in 2015, while expanding its layout, the company insisted on central cities, reaching out to developed urban clusters, and maintaining a more prudent and robust urban layout strategy. Since 2018, the company has been guided by a policy of “shelter-free housing” to determine the return of purchasing needs to residential properties, regions, and others.
Urban divides have gradually increased, thus focusing more on second-line cities and core urban clusters in the urban layout strategy, taking advantage of the structural opportunities of market restructuring. Companies have not only emphasized the sales contribution of the 38 core urban clusters since 2018, but have also been increasing the effectiveness of deep urban farming, the scale of single-city sales and the city’s share.
Central city-centred strategies enable companies to maintain basic stability in the down-cycle, reduce large fluctuations in the scale of their sales, and increase the momentum through the cycle: Deep farming for core monocrete cities allows companies to maintain a strong edge in the markets when they are weaker, in the core cities where the flow and de-eradication are better, while market heat usually spreads from the core cities to the periphery.
As a national-scale housing company, Paulie’s development can remain relatively robust in the long downward cycle, with sales performance at the heart of the company’s traditionally robust urban layout:
The country ' s real estate market has gone through a three-to-four-line urban upswing phase, and, given the need for scale expansion, some of the country ' s housing companies have also sunk in the layout of the three-to-four-line cities, but the company ' s second-line urban sales have been maintained at around 70 per cent of the total, without significant and radical downswing and keeping the overall structure in place.
In 2022, the proportion of second-line cities rose significantly to 76.6 per cent, as measured by the 38 core cities disclosed by companies, and the contribution to sales up to 2022q3 jumped to 90 per cent, as evidenced by the long-term central city-centred layout strategy, which allows companies to have elastic space to improve marketing structures in the next industry period.
2) Downside cities are concentrated in the urban clusters where the companies are deep-down, emphasizing the quality of the downfall: the companies, as national-scale housing companies, have not abandoned the opportunities for expansion while maintaining the central urban advantage, actively seizing the opportunities of more hot, more profitable, three or four-line cities. The company’s expansion to the three or four-line cities revolves around deep-deep cities.
The long triangles, the bead triangles, and the Kyoto boom. The sinking of the core urban complexes, on the one hand, is driven by the better economic fundamentals of the core city at the bottom of the market, while the surrounding three-and-four-line cities maintain relatively good heat, on the other hand, as markets stabilize, the sales heat usually spreads from the core hotspot city to the periphery.
The three or four-line cities within the core urban population are often the first to benefit. 3.2.2. Introduction: testing the impact of deep-farming in the core city, seizing the opportunity to increase the city's share.
Urban Deep Farm Strategic Static Certification: More than 10 billion cities have been signed by single bodies. By 2021, 17 cities had signed more than 10 billion cities, contributing more than $34 billion in sales, including Guangzhou and Fushan, which together sold more than $92 billion, Hang County, which for the first time made a breakthrough of 30 billion, Nanjing, Beijing more than 20 billion, and Dongjing, Shanghai, Zhengzhou, Wuhan and others over $10 billion.
Urban deep-farming strategies have proven to be dynamic: central cities have seen a reverse trend. With the downside of the market as a whole in 2022 and the continued increase in the number of thunderstorms, companies have been able to maintain higher rates of urban occupancy in such markets as Xiamen, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Shanghai, etc., and in cities such as Guangzhou, Fuoshan, and Pearlhai, where the company has grown.
3.2.3. Opportunities: 23 years of market or continuous diversification, and the recovery of markets that benefit more from deep urban farming
1.0 units/households, the real estate market entering the basic balance of supply and demand, reaching a peak in 2019, housing shortages ending in generation, and high-speed real estate development ending. But structural space still exists, with a strong population absorption capacity, a good investment climate and a gradual concentration of demand in economically viable second-line cities, and a low population absorption capacity in three-line cities or four-line cities.
In 2022, market sales showed a clear trend of fragmentation, with cities remaining significantly more resilient, rising 2.4 pct, three or four lines from 2021 to 2021.
Cities fall by 2.4 pct. In particular cities, the urban real estate market, with its better economic fundamentals, is slightly better, maintaining a relatively better rate of decolonization, while cities with weaker economic fundamentals or oversupply have fallen dramatically. In 2023, the market may continue to divide cities, and the results of deep urban farming are further validated.
But from a demand-side perspective, we believe that the current three- or four-line urban demand-side policy should be largely exhausted, that policy space is already small, that the subsequent warmth of the three- or four-line cities may be more dependent on core urban heat recovery, and that the demand-side easing in nuclear cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hangzhou, remains low, including in core areas.
There is still much room for policies that release demand, such as unbridled lending, lower down payments, and lower mortgage rates. At the same time, in the context of the industry’s continuing downswing for more than a year, the core cities have an important role to play in stabilizing the surrounding cities, so we expect a further increase in sales in the second-line cities in 2023.
4. Land: on a pro-cyclical basis to sell stock and keep the pace of opportunity 4.1. Steady: on a pro-cyclical basis to sell stock and secure profit margins.
Recapitulating the company ' s growth from 2011 to 2022, we found that the company ' s overall land acquisition strategy has remained robust over the years, both horizontally and vertically: 1) Vertical: in a procyclical fashion, to eliminate production.
The changes in firm land intensity are largely consistent with changes in corporate sales speed, with the company as a whole selling at a peak of 47.19 per cent when it moves down the industry, and increasing land expansion to supplement second-line urban resources in the same year, reaching 89.24 per cent. Moreover, in the current cycle, the company, as a company with a certain counter-cyclical robustness, remains strong.
In the face of uncertainty about the future of the market, seize the opportunity of the land market to expand the quality of the land mass, emphasizing the “precision” of the extension, while the overall expansion rate continues to fall to 35.28 per cent, reflecting the firm’s stability in investment expansion. 2) Horizontal: land intensity remains within the industry and adheres to the principle of equal growth.
Land intensity rankings, except for company sales growth in 2017, which led to positive ground intensity, the firm ' s land intensity from 2018 to the present is moderate, and has not been aggressive at the industry upswing stage: it has not significantly reduced ground strength or stopped land at the industry downscaling stage, and it is still on the ground to secure future project development. Therefore, horizontal contrasts, companies are equivalent.
Expanding territorial discipline and operating robustly with relatively little risk, especially in the industry’s lower cycle, allows companies to seize opportunities in market change while maintaining sound marketing. Land markets are well-developed to secure profit margins at a time. We divide companies in a few weeks on a monthly basis.
During the period, the features of the land grab were found to be highly cost-sensitive to the company ' s specific land mass, not to take valuable land, not to take high prices, and, through precision of a few land premiums in April, the amount of land taken by the company was relatively small in that month, and in the months in which the premium rate fell; in order to reduce the structural impact of the land, we specifically selected a line of cities to analyse the company and found that the company was in a position to do so.
The land premium rate is almost close to the average premium on urban land concessions, and there is no blind pursuit of valuable plots, reflecting the company’s robust expansion to guarantee the profitability of the land. Overall, the company’s land acquisition strategy combines a pro-cyclical approach to guaranteed development and choice of options to eliminate production.
It can guarantee the company ' s development needs on a pro-cyclical basis, reduce the operational risks associated with counter-cyclical land grabs, and, at a relatively short timescale, refine, select and increase the profitability of the expansion. 4.2. Introduction: high-energy cities with high-quality soil reserves are highly dynamic.
In the down-cycle of the industry since mid-2021, companies have not only demonstrated robust growth with a volatile cycle, but have also seized the opportunities for expansion offered by industry clean-up and deep land market adjustment. In terms of total volume, they have kept the pace of the land and the strength ahead; in structural terms, they have seized market opportunities in core cities and core areas.
In 2022, in the context of the deep adjustment phase of industry sales, the year-round land deal was reduced to almost 10 years, the country’s land market was less hot than ice, and the housing sector was investing more than ever before.
In 2022, in order to reduce the volatility of the land market, the supply of core areas increased and the overall profits improved. In 2022, the company seized the land market's deep adjustment center under the condition that it insisted on “disposal”.
With the opportunity of profit margins, land mass, etc., to keep the investment steady, to expand 91 projects, full-calibre expansion throughout 2022, to ease the profit margin pressure from the earlier high heat in the land market, and, on the other hand, to increase the strength of the land signal as the policy expands gradually, and as the market stabilizes, it is expected that the high-quality plots that the company acquired in 2022 will enhance its ability to do so.
In terms of the resource structure, in 2022, the company focused on the second-line core city, actively acquiring good-quality plots. In the company’s 2022 outreach project, the second-line city accounted for 94% of the total, on the one hand, in line with the company’s core urban deep-farm strategy.
And, on the other hand, in 2022, high-energy core cities showed greater resilience in sales, and we believe that the core cities will continue to be the first to boost as the subsequent market warms, so that the company’s increased land reserves in the second-line cities are expected to become degenerative and faster projects in the future. From the single city, companies in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Nanking, etc.
Cities such as Fats, Xiamen, Chengdu, etc. have increased their growth by the same amount of money. The resource structure focuses more on resilient, hot, and better cities, guaranteeing subsequent sales de-escalation and stability, specifically at the level of plots, where companies actively take central positions in the soil shoots of cities, such as Xiamen Lakeri, Guangzhou Haiju, Beijing Yangtze, Nanking Qin Qin Huai district, etc.
In the Yangpo District of Shanghai, in the Chang Sha Yoo district, there are plots of land that are still relatively good at the downside of the market as a whole, good at degradation and speed, and low at the bottom of the market, and we judge that in the follow-up phase, the market will begin to warm from the hot zone, so the core of the land acquired by the company will continue to deconstruct, regardless of how well it goes.
5. Financing: financing channels open, increasing the size of the scale, keeping the three red lines green and increasing the concentration of financial resources highlighting the advantages.
Three red lines remain green and the size of interest-bearing liabilities is under control. As of the 2022rd quarter, the net debt ratios of companies have increased and expanded, the size of their interest-bearing liabilities has started to rise, and after 2019, companies have benefited from improved industrial dividends from the financial soundness and state-owned advantage of the financing environment, with interest-bearing liabilities rising rapidly.
Increased, particularly up to 2022q3 interest-bearing liabilities of $37,152 million, an increase of 8.14 per cent from the end of 2021. Overall, interest-bearing liabilities are on a steady scale, rising as firms expand, increasing at a relatively steady pace within the three-way red line requirement, exploring diversified sources of financing and reducing the cost of financing.
3.08% of financing types include abs, corporate debt, medium-term instruments, and diversified financing instruments that help to lower the cost of corporate financing. In 2022, in the context of a tight industry financing environment and an expanded credit spread for home firms, corporate capture of low financial resources and increased concentration highlighted the advantages of financing.
The Division issued 51 domestic debts, accumulated 43,621 million yuan, and increased the concentration of industrial capital financing. Eleven of these loans, totalling $11.3 billion, went beyond the borrowing and repayment restrictions, and 11 medium-term bills, totalling $15 billion; in addition, in April, the company issued $1.5 billion in mergers and acquisitions to help the company.
5.2. Equity financing has opened up to accelerate the scale of the planned increase in productivity, and on November 28, the CSRC news spokesperson asked reporters about the capital market’s support for the smooth and healthy development of the real estate market.
Declares the decision of the CVM to optimize five measures in the area of equity financing, including the resumption of M & A restructuring and portfolio financing of housing-related companies, the resumption of refinancing of listed housing enterprises and housing-related companies, the restructuring of market policies on the off-shore market of real estate enterprises, the further use of the real estate investment trust fund to leverage the stock of housing enterprises, and the active use of private equity investment funds
The five measures marked the opening of a broad range of years of equity financing for listed and listed companies, and we believe that the policy will, on the one hand, improve the asset-liability structure of the principals of the real estate sector, address the previous difficulties of bond and credit financing, inject a strong market agent and speed up the process of risk mitigation; and on the other hand, the policy will explicitly allow listed housing enterprises to be non-publicized.
The introduction of refinancing, allowing listed companies in the real estate sector to issue shares or pay cash to purchase property-related assets, is expected to increase assets, further financial strength, and M & As restructuring will be expected to contribute to the expansion of size and to the upgrading of the city ' s share.
Following the opening of equity financing, in late December 2022, the company announced a publicly released equity plan to raise not more than $12.5 billion for 14 projects such as the Guangzhou Pauli Leadership Sea and $1.5 billion in additional liquidity. This increase is expected to have a wide-ranging impact on the company: 1) to scale up its operations and enhance market competitiveness. 14 of the funds raised were raised.
Second-line cities, which provide financial support for the first- and second-line core city projects, are expected to guarantee the company's high-quality value and enhance the competitiveness of the public sector. 2) Optimize balance sheets and accelerate scale-up. With the successful release of this targeted increase, it is expected that the corporate capital structure will improve, increase net assets, reduce asset-liability rates, and do not break through regulatory requirements such as the Three-Red Line.
Under this scenario, space will be released for the company’s further expansion. 3) Replenishment of liquidity will ease the pressure on cash demand from business growth. As corporate operations continue to grow, so will the firm’s outreach.
At the same time, the parent company, the Chinese Poly Group, has entered into an agreement with the company to subscribe to the shares with conditions in effect, and the group intends to purchase the shares of the company for the current undisclosed period in cash not less than RMB 100 million and not more than RMB 1 billion, reflecting the parent company ' s support and recognition of the company.
In 2016, on the basis of essentially completing the upstream and downstream layout of the industrial chain, the company proposed a “one-wing two-wing” strategy “based on real estate investment development, with integrated services and real estate finance” and then upgraded to “good living” and “good living”.
“Industrial financial services,” which are based on the creation of a platform for the ecological development of real estate, are based on a three-pronged approach through upstream and downstream industrial connectivity. The successful arrival of the Poly Property Industry in Hong Kong in 2019 was also an important step in its strategy.
6.1. Good Living Wings: The steady increase in the value of performance continues to be released through the extension of the entire industrial chain of real estate, the effective integration of the industry ' s ecosystem resources, the construction, property, agency, asset management, etc., which has reached the level of 10 billion, while at the same time taking into account the needs of clients and communities, in the cultural and cultural heritage, the exhibition, the upbringing and the teaching of the environment.
In 2019, the Pavli industry was successfully listed in Hong Kong, the most important link in the company’s “one-wing” strategy. The Pavli industry is ranked third among the top 100 companies in the industry’s industry.
In the first half of 2022, the Pavlía industry achieved revenues of $6,449 million, an increase of 25.2 per cent over the previous year, of which basic property services accounted for 61.3 per cent, non-owner value-added services and community value-added services increased. Property block contracts were managed in 732 million square metres and managed in 523 million square metres, from the parent company.
In addition to its solid service quality and brand influence in the residential sector, the company has accelerated its expansion in the non-residential sector, thanks to its extensive management experience, which increased the share of non-residential income in the first half of 2022 from 38.9% to 38.9% in the higher education and research industries, urban landscapes, orbital and transportation industries, hospitals, government offices, cities, etc.
By mid-2022, the Department had 34 commercial shopping malls with 2.31 million square metres of operating space.
Thirty-eight cities, including Hai, Wuhan; 22 hotels, convention centres and nearly 5700 guest rooms; 49 open and open apartments, covering the core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Chengdu.
The company values capital-to-industry empowerment, with the concept of productive integration as one of the country’s first to establish a private equity fund for real estate.
The company's three real estate fund management agencies accumulated more than $170 billion in size, of which ISF and Paulie received “China's most powerful real estate fund Top10” in 2021.
We believe that the current real estate sector has three main opportunities for reshaping in the short, medium and long term, and that with the advantages of short-term supply, medium-term financing and operation, and long-term nationalization logic, companies are expected to take advantage of the opportunities for industrial change in the re-engineering of the three main patterns of the industry and move through the cycle to the top of the industry.
7.1. Pattern one: increased market segmentation in the short term, stronger players in the smoother cycle 7.1.1. Market changes: shrinking land size, improved land profitability, marked urban fragmentation
In the second half of 2021, the housing credit crisis led to a sharp drop in the heat of the land market, and, in the face of debt-servicing pressures and uncertain market conditions, many, especially some heads of households, stopped or substantially contracted the size of the land. 2) The land profits were good. Compared to the first concentration in 2021, after two rounds of market cooling after 2021, they were concentrated in 2022.
There is ample profit space for the plots, and construction requirements are reduced, and local governments make home ownership visible. 3) Effective market boundaries are shrinking, with the core urban areas showing greater heat and resilience. Since the end of the cycle, there has been a marked division between cities in terms of the speed at which sales have increased and the pace at which they are de-drawn, and the speed at which they flow, with Beijing and Shanghai showing two front-line cities in terms of sales.
A more stable trend, with a smaller drop in the first half of the year (shanghai affected by the epidemic in April and May), a narrow and even positive decline in the lower base in the second half of the year, and a faster rebound in the market in Shanghai after the epidemic diminished, with sales rising by 10 per cent throughout the year. Reflecting the demand resilience of the central hotspot cities, the second-line city, Qingjia, also maintained a slightly better level of heat, falling in the same number of digits.
According to the volume of sales throughout the year, Hangzhou and the two second-line cities, Humpty, fell back to 2019, with better market heat, and Chongqing and Tianjin fell back to 2015 and 2014, respectively, with a higher rate of decline. Degradation showed the same features, Beijing, and Shanghai's new decomposition for the second half of the year, still largely at a relatively high level (the rate of decomposition is likely to be lower in individual months).
For the structural reasons of the new start-up project of that month, the rate of new start-up in the cities of Chongqing, Jinan, Ningbo and Wuhan continues to be low, and the pattern of re-engineering is 7.1.2. The short-term evolution of supply-side diversification towards sales and profits is now more pronounced, and we believe that there is greater certainty about the steady recovery of subsequent markets.
Based on three major changes in the market in 2022, we believe that, in the course of a steady upturn in the subsequent market, the division of the supply end determines the division of sales and profits between firms in the short term. According to the total earth reserve, by the first half of 2022, the total value of the 100-percent house stock was 20% lower than at the end of 2021.
Under pressure from industry and finance, some firms are under pressure from dry capital to shrink or stop their investments, while the value of the stock falls, and the size of the housing stock is more prudent in the face of uncertainty about sales. The size of the earth storage stock is shrinking, which limits the pace at which the housing stock will push after the market has been restored, while, according to the division of the city in 2022, the core city is divided.
While sales in the core regions are relatively resilient, and firms are more active in pushing in these regions, and urban enterprises with poor market heat are slow to push, we judge that the structure of the company ' s stock storage has declined accordingly, and given the low level of land profitability in previous years, the overall level of profits from the stock storage may also be lower.
Therefore, we believe that the quality of the new earth reserves is better than that of the stocks, and that by 2022 the addition of more housing enterprises will not only be able to stabilize the size of the stock, increase the flexibility to push, but also improve the structure of the earth storage through the addition of the earth reserves, raise the level of profitability, and achieve a more competitive pattern for the strong.
7.1.3. Development of Paulie: In the first place, core urban growth has increased, earth storage has grown in a flexible fashion, and sales are expected to move to Top1. We have re-evaluated the value of the new value of the continuous refilling houses in 2022 top 50 as a percentage of the 100% of the housing stock, with only 15 firms with an additional market value.
Upgraded by 2.6 pct, with an additional value of $25,148 million in number 1 and, according to the inventory, according to the Creary caliber, by the first half of 2022, the company's total earth storage value stood at $26,190 billion in number 100, with sufficient coverage of the company's sales value for 4-5 years, the stock and the value of the additional rich reserves to help the company.
The core cities have grown in size and competitiveness within effective market boundaries. Structurally, in the context of the market segmentation of cities in 2022, housing firms have also focused largely on second-line cities, with companies adding land in 2022.
With over 90 per cent of the cities on the second-line, the company’s second-line cities, combined with the total amount of land, are the first to have a new land reserve, including Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Fatty, Xiamen, Chengdu, and other cities with better heat and resilience.
Marketing will continue to divide cities, particularly as policy easing approaches the core regions, and not only will it be more secure to invest in core areas, but it will also lead to a re-engineering of the pattern of companies within the effective market boundaries of subsequent markets by raising the rate of city ownership: a passive contraction of private enterprises in the medium-term and new equilibrium, with financing advantages expected to contribute to an effective scale-up.
Market changes: The new fund balance model has emerged with a medium-term passive contraction of private business since the fourth quarter of 2021. Some of the private credit booms under financial pressure have now been divided into three categories: 1) open market bond defaults or extensions; 2) open market defaults or extensions, but commercial and trust defaults; 3) I have not defaulted.
Three types of private enterprises are considered to have different paths of future development: open-market defaults or renewals: permanent or lost capacity. In open-market defaults and renewals, and in subsequent operations, under the weight of debt servicing, there is a need to increase cash payments, reduce turnover, and open new ones.
Both work and construction are severely restricted; on the other hand, open market credit booms, lack of access to new development loans, lack of stock, lack of land to resume work, and therefore only some stock projects continue to develop and sell to compensate for losses to creditors and owners, to mitigate industry risks, and to permanently lose future capacity.
There has been no default on the open market, but there has been no default on the ticket or trust: the capacity has been temporarily lost. Such housing companies have not defaulted on the open market, but there has been a default on the ticket and trust. For such housing companies, the priority is to lower the pole to safety and avoid subsequent defaults on the open market, and therefore to cut cash payments and lower investments.
Until the level of leverage is adjusted to the level of safety, temporary loss of productive capacity becomes inevitable, leverage falls to the security margin, and default financing becomes possible. This group of companies accounts for 9.7% of the full-calibre sales in 2021, and has not yet done so: it faces a contraction in the short term under the new equity balance.
But even for this sector of the housing sector, the pace of entry has slowed in the short term. 2) Financing has been blocked and borrowing has declined. There is still no policy to regulate the financing of development enterprises.
Relax, in the context of addressing real estate risks, follow-up on issues such as the size of interest-bearing liabilities, housing-related loans and non-target financing: debt pressures are still in place, financing repayments are rising. Between 2022 and 2024, housing enterprises face higher debt maturity, and financing repayments will increase over the past.
The best option for the fund balance is to reduce the amount of land taken, to add up to the stock in 2014, to start a gradual decline in the stock of merchandise houses, and to reduce the size of the market, which is already on the rise. The overall equity multiplier for private companies has been reduced, monetary funds have declined significantly, total and interest-bearing liabilities have declined, and so have been created.
The contrast is that the state equity multiplier continues to rise and the debt size rises.
Growth? We believe that, under the current regulatory system, both private and State firms face both soft and hard constraints: Soft constraints: development finance is blocked by industry credit risk events, and cash payments from upstream and downstream suppliers are increasing, and the financial dilemmas associated with this phase soft constraints are expected to ease with policy landings and fundamentals.
Hard constraints: Reduced financial leverage due to three red lines, impediments to off-the-shelf financing as a result of financing regulation, and reduced liquidity efficiency as a result of pre-sale regulation have become regular hard constraints on housing growth capacity. These three hard constraints are more difficult to break in the short term from the current financing end of the policy direction.
We believe that the core of the capacity for medium-term scale-up is how to break the rigid constraints of normal-state regulation as the market stabilizes or decreases; that there may be three directions for breaking the rigid ones: 1) to improve the asset-liability structure and open the space for interest-bearing debt growth; 2) to support the creation of off-the-shelf financing capacity through parent companies or groups; 3) high elasticity of the value of the goods; and de-eradication cycles.
Quick, raise the capital turnover. Housing firms that can break through the hard constraints will take the lead in the next competitive pattern in the industry, expand in size and overturn.
In 2022, the company released a proposed increase of up to $12.5 billion for 14 projects such as the Guangzhou Pauli Leader Sea and $1.5 billion in supplementary liquidity, and after completion of the proposed increase, the company ' s three-track red line financial targets are expected to be further optimized, with the asset-liability ratio for pre-receipts dropped by 0.8 pc, the net liability rate dropped by 6.6 pc, and the cash short-term debt increased by 0.18 times.
The pattern recasts three: long-term penetration of the growth-scale logic, with nationalization having a greater advantage. 7.3.1. Nationalization of the expansionary nature: free flow of resources — new capital inputs.
The basis for determining whether housing enterprises will continue to grow in the future is the growth in profit and income levels, and we look at the nuclear factors that influence industry growth, starting with the growth in income size impact factor model. Without considering the growth of scale settlement cycle, the income size is about the same as the sales of companies, and so sells.
Sales = equity multipliers × asset turnover (excluded from pre-collected) Growth in the scale of sales of housing enterprises is largely driven by roe and is also influenced by leverage and turnover rates, and in asset-intensive operations, changes in leverage and turnover of housing enterprises are less affected, and sales are growing at a similar rate to roe, hence the scale of revenue.
The nature of the national expansion: the free flow of resources and the constant investment of new capital. We look like a group of n regional companies with a combined sales increase of almost the same speed as Roe, but there are differences between the regional companies and competitions.
In saturated regions, it is difficult to increase resource investment in the region, taking into account such factors as the limited space available to raise the city’s occupancy rate, but in the case of new markets that companies have entered, additional resource investment can lead to higher sales speeds. Resource investment can have two dimensions: 1) additional capital at the firm level.
This is done by increasing capital inputs from parent companies to regional project companies, such as by increasing the size of interest-bearing liabilities to invest in the scale expansion of regions, thereby increasing access to land and increasing the scale of sales. 2) Cross-regional transfers at the regional level. Assuming that the public sector does not have additional capital inputs and cannot allocate resources, the size of the company's location in the regions is the same as that of sales.
As a result, the region will not be able to achieve growth on a larger scale than Roe. But where regional resources can be redeployed, for regions with limited growth space, the remaining funds will be invested in regions of scale, after funding has been met.
In the process of nationalization, Paulie's development, as a leading home company, has a pre-emptive advantage of expansion in terms of new capital inputs and the free flow of resources: (1) new capital inputs: in the downswing of the industry, leading citizens are subject to a liquidity crisis and an expansion schedule, the overall interest-bearing debt size shrinks, and it may be more difficult in the future to break through the constraints of hard constraints, and the future, Pauly.
Development as a sound business leader, with easy access to finance, and in the process of gradual easing of financing policies, with further reductions in the cost of financing, and with the successful completion of a firm's fixed increase as equity financing is liberalized, will also release space for the size of interest-bearing liabilities, thus giving companies a pre-eminence in terms of cost and size of additional capital inputs; (2) freedom of resources
Circulation: The current regulation of pre-sale funds is more liberal for state enterprises, and companies, as state enterprises, can maintain regional resource allocation, increase resource investment in growing regions of scale, expand nationalized maps, increase municipal presence in core urban areas and, on 21 November 2022, the Chairman of the CVM was able to discuss the structure of listed companies at the annual meeting of the 2022 Financial Street Forum.
In the valuation question, it was stated that exploring a valuation system with Chinese characteristics would promote better functioning of market-based resource allocation, with reference to the fact that “listed companies, especially state-owned ones, need to be ‘have internal skills’, strengthen strategic integration of professionalism, and enhance core competitiveness; and, on the other hand, further strengthen public corporate awareness and proactive investment.
We believe that under China's character valuation system, state-owned housing enterprises are expected to gain development opportunities in terms of state-owned business reform, industrial policy and so on, and that, as the highest-ranking, largest and active State-owned housing enterprises, Paulie's development is expected to take on more in the industry as it moves the real estate industry towards a smooth transition to a new model.
More important players are expected to get more resources inclined and supported. With the company’s previous sales projects entering the settlement cycle, we expect the company’s real estate operations for 2022-2024 to generate revenue from other company operations such as property management, construction, leasing, hotels, commerce, design, exhibitions, etc.
Prices are 9.35.8.31/7.47 times the price. We choose the same type of state, the Vanco, the Goldfield Group, the Commissary, and we appreciate the market resilience and scale growth of the company as the leading real estate company in the recovery of the market, so we cover for the first time the “buy-in” rating.
Policy risk: Real estate regulation policies are tightened or relaxed less than expected Business risk: company real-estate sales and other operations are not expanding as expected The risk of deviations in valuation between different markets: selection of comparable companies with port shares, different from companies in different markets
The University’s Master of Finance, six years of research in the real estate industry, has served successively in the China-China Investment Portfolio, and the Central Liang Real Estate Group. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.