The company published a three-quarter report in 2021, with a total operating income of $17.15 billion in the first three quarters, which is a year-on-year increase.
24.5%; mother-to-child net profit of $2.60 billion, a 50.7% increase; gain of $1.02 per share. 21q3 chip shortage increased, domestic and foreign car sales declined, corporate profits reversed and performance increased as expected.
The impact of the epidemic decreased in the first three quarters of 2021, and the domestic GDP (+50.7%) was expected to increase mainly as a result of market shares and higher value-added products. The first three quarters saw an increase in the Māori ratio of 2.5 pct, which was expected to be mainly due to higher capacity utilization, improved product structure, and higher productivity.
Overcoming raw material price increases, etc.; sales cost increases of 0.7 pct, projected as an increase in shipping costs 0.1 pcc, four rates down 0.7 pcc, and cost controls are better.q3 was affected by a shortage of chips, domestic passenger vehicle sales fell by 11.8 per cent, and companies overcome increases in raw materials and freight costs.
According to the Sino-Associación data, due to a shortage of chips, q3 domestic car sales fell by 11.8 per cent. The recent shortage of chips has been gradually reduced, and in September, there was a marked improvement in the sales ratio of cars, together with demand for subsequent refills, is expected to boost domestic and international cars.
The new coronary epidemic has affected the reshaping of the global automotive glass industry, with corporate revenue growing far faster than industry in the last three quarters, reaching a global market share of 31%, up 2.8 pct from the end of last year. Trends such as low-carbon environmental protection will also drive the rapid growth of the automotive glass industry.
Over the last three quarters, the value of higher value-added products from companies was 34.7%, with an increase of about 1.0% in the same period, net of the impact of the exchange rate and the share of overseas structures.asp
Increase by 3.4 pct. The increase in the proportion of skyscreen glass used in new energy vehicles, combined with such functional applications as low-e plating and radiation, is expected to contribute to the continued growth of the value added.
Short-term performance has been affected by the decline in chip sales, but product advantage has been recognized by domestic and foreign customers, new orders are expected to exceed $3.5 billion a year, and it is expected to turn into gains, development prospects.
"Glass of Glory: q3 Performance Over Expectations, Values and Shares Up" 201101.
Glass of Favour: Performance in 2019 without gain or loss, 1) vehicle sales below expectations; 2) substantial price reductions for products; 3) cost increases for raw materials, etc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations