Quarterly 2021: Short core + cost-end impact on short-term industry Research Assistant Yang Wai-ging  2021q3 crop decline by the same ring, mainly due to the impact of the shortage of chips in the automobile industry and upstream raw materials
Higher prices due to higher prices; higher cost during the period, at the core of which was the cost of maritime transport. Domestic vehicle markets showed production of 2021q3 by car, 4.73 million vehicles, or 11.59 per cent of the year, and the ring q2 remained essentially the same; the United States market, 2.1 million vehicles, respectively, produced 2.1 million vehicles.
Product bikeasp increases with the share of high value added products such as skyscreens. q3 quarterly profit loop performance is lower, mainly: 1) 2021q3 Māori 40.38%, to $3348 tonnes (for futures market prices are not fully consistent with Fukuyo ' s own cost increases).
o3 Ring + 1.02 pct, absolute ring + 8.82 per cent, mainly due to increased global shipping costs and higher transport costs; management/research and development cost increases of 0.36 pct/0.37 pct, respectively, with minor fluctuations; and the impact of the remaining transactional financial assets, losses and losses on the disposal of non-current assets, etc.

Long-term development of profit: 1) At the end of the industry: with the trend of light quantification and intelligence of cars, the skyscreen penetration rate has gradually increased and the `colour plus' + weight has decreased; hud front block, lighten, glass + 81%, Māori ratio has improved on the same scale.
High-value-added functional penetration, such as antennas, sound insulation, is increasing, and the volume of car glass bicycles is expected to increase by 100-150 per cent, with greater potential. 2: With the advantage of the production end and the management end, Fukuyo is expected to capture the share of competing firms at a high price for products and to achieve a further increase in global market share.
Quarterly reviews: q1 profits are up. 3) Fysam is a springboard in Germany, and Fukuyo is moving into the aluminum glitter industry to expand the boundaries of its operations. Further integration of car glass products will enhance the advantages of scale and open up full additional space.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: considering the negative effects of higher prices of raw materials up to the previous three quarters, increased shipping costs, annual report: o4 profit vs. plus and shortage of chips in the automobile industry, global vehicle production and wholesale sales
+59.06%, in line with market expectations, maintaining the “buy-in” rating of the Gwang Glass.