"Content-Community-Case-Data-Data-Ttrading" service flow architecture, and "Fund-for-Sale-Secret Brokering-Small Business-Property Management" portfolio, which together creates Eastern wealth.
• The prospects for fund sales are great. Flow realization is still a good opportunity, housing policy inhibits housing capital investment, stock market volatility is high, it is difficult to become a resident in the short term, and the Fund's financial management is relatively good on its way to the stock market.
Risk returns are greater than bridging, and the Fund's allocation needs are huge. The Sky Fund, which provides large discounts, rich products, and a full range of service systems to clients, has now become a front-loading agency that will continue to share industry dividends in the future. q1-q4 in 2021, the Daily Fund.
The stockholding of the funnel fund rose from $80.74 billion to $121.1 billion, with the world-wide marketing agency ranked fifth to third. The total sales of Eastern wealth amounted to $224 million a year, an increase of 28.51 per cent.
• The high profitability of the brokering business, the rapid expansion of the two-pronged business, the flow of the securities brokerage business through the line, the main target of the c end user, the low-cost advantage of light assets, which keeps the company at a high profit margin. In addition, the company has been able to make a transfer through two fixed increases and three rounds of debt swaps.
Between 2015 and 2021, between 59% of securities revenue was received, with 18% of net interest earned and 41% of fees and commissions earned. Internetization was the transformation of many of the business of the voucher industry, with the Internet properties of the East Profit keeping it in the vanguard.
The wealth of the East is at the stage of the transformation of low commission bonders into an integrated wealth management platform, and it is hoped that the growth path of the wealth management business will be followed by a rapid growth of the wealth management business.
The Fund for the Pilot Implementation of Fiscal Securities has been approved by the CVM: companies invest more in R & D costs, working to create smart clients, and further explore the value of long-tail clients. Benefiting from the growth in market size and higher levels of municipal ownership, securities and financial power from Eastern wealth
The market mix and stock-based turnover have not grown as much as expected, the market share has not grown as expected, and the epidemic has hit the market more than expected.
Eastern wealth, as a financial company with high growth, changing business structures, and volatile red rates, will be caught in a position to use the valuation methods of ddm, dcf, and rim, with a disproportionate share of permanent value discounts, with the result being too sensitive to parameter adjustments. Therefore, the relative valuation method is used in this report.
The impact of the epidemic has clearly weakened market performance and trade volumes, but as the impact of the epidemic subsides, city sentiment will recover, and we believe that the market mix, stock-based turnover, and size of the fund market will remain resilient in 2022. Moreover, historical data assume that the market share of the main wealth business in the East will gradually rise.
In general, the significance of investment research is to look for a reference system, and mapping the relative valuation is how the label can be compared to the company, the core barrier, is adjusted by the interference factor. Specifically, Eastern wealth is special in a share, where it is directly priced on the basis of the traditional bond market rate, and the premium on its Internet properties is ignored.
More commonly, comparable companies, tigers, wealthy and Kashin, are in the United States stock market again, and theoretically it is difficult to strip away the noise generated by different market preferences. Taken together, this report is based on a regression estimate, which is comparable to (a) a reasonable projection of 45 x based on regression analysis.
Following the footsteps of Malkielandcragg (1970), we used the following factors to estimate the return of a stock listing: rate of increase in profits yoy, collection structure (net interest income nic, fees and commissions net income per cent cfp and investment return per cent), roa, risk factor Beta, equity multiplier em, and
Red-rate dr (definition of the indicator is detailed in figure 3). After estimating the regression factor using sample data (comprehensive results are detailed in figure 4), the corresponding data for Eastern wealth of 2022e are replaced with the regression equation to determine a reasonable p/e. Its methodological basis is that the advantage of Internet voucher dealers, if established, can be converted into real gold and silver, increases profits
The estimate for Eastern wealth is 2022e reasonable p/e, with the model set at 45 x, as follows: (b) 38x based on comparable company valuation projections reasonable p/e, we choose the rich, tiger and Kashin as comparable companies. (The comparative data are detailed in Figure 5).
The company ' s last three years average p/e of 38x as a reasonable valuation level of Eastern wealth remains a margin of security for the following three reasons: \triangleright
From a profit point of view, the net profit on Eastern wealth grew at a rate of 2019-2021, less than the cash securities and with the highest profit margin for sales. \triangleright
From a risk perspective, the equity multiplier for Eastern wealth is much lower than for comparable companies, and in the future, Eastern wealth rose from a rate of return, higher than other comparable values at the end of 2021.
The core assumption of the Eastern wealth valuation model in figure 1 is that the market interest rate is currently around 6 per cent, and we expect a steady decline in the East’s interest rate, based on historical data, for prudent reasons. The company’s interest rate will be 2021.
Due to the fact that the ratio of customer deposits in corporate money + settlement provisions is as high as 90 per cent, the value of customer transaction settlement funds is estimated in corporate currency funds + settlement provisions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company buys back and sells its financial assets at a faster rate, and the company pledges back the interest rate.
For example, the company’s commission rate has stabilized at about 0.08 per cent, based on historical data.
Financial e-commerce operations have grown at an average rate of 66 per cent over the past four years, although the size of the fund market has been highly correlated with the volatility of the stock market, and in 2022 the q1 stock market was more volatile by the epidemic and macro-environmental impacts.
The operating costs of the Fund are derived from the Fund's holdings, given that companies do not have detailed size disclosures and historical sales are similar to holdings, using the size of the Fund's sales as the market share of the Fund's corporate money market fund Average number of days/years held by the Fund's purchasers
Taking into account the Fund ' s stable rate of return, reference to balance treasure holdings is estimated at an average of 365/365 days.
Given that the number of users of the Skynet network is long-tailed, it is estimated at 0.15 per cent of the company ' s requisitioning fee (front end), with the sales fee at the previous end of the requisition as the main reference.
The Fund ' s holdings were increased by a slight increase in the number of days held as a result of the assumption that the population ' s fiscal awareness had increased. Corporate non-monetary holdings as a percentage of sales The ant wealth and daily funds were both low-discount Internet sales platforms, resulting in a cost of 0.25 per cent of sales services for the reference balance; given the daily fund holdings
The growing bargaining power of the company sales service rate (non-base) is gradually increasing, assuming a upward trend in the cost of sales.
Eight indicators below figure 3 have a greater impact on pe's performance
Figure 8 A one-stop financial services platform that connects people to wealth with two-way securitiespe 2 has been upgraded from a finance portal to a one-stop financial services platform.
At a time of heat in capital markets, the East Wealth-Internet Finance Portal was created, and has been expanding since then.  completed the early accumulation of flows and became a part of the Fund's marketing business (2005-2013): 2006, stock bar was set up, and the East Wealth Network became the most user-accessible and sticky Internet finance platform 2009.
In 2012, the Sky Fund acquired the first base to obtain a voucher license and set up a one-stop financial services platform (2015-2019): in 2015, it acquired Tibetan identical securities and changed it to Tibetan Eastern wealth securities. In 2017, the financial data service was closed.
This brings the three major sectors of fund sales, securities services, and financial data services to the fore.
The strategic shift in Eastern wealth is reflected in its excellent financial data: annual growth in roa rose steadily from 2.81 per cent to 5.79 per cent and in roe from 6.8 per cent to 22.16 per cent.
Figure 10 Major strategic transformation of Eastern wealth 2005-2014: web-based financial information platform integrated operator 2015-2019: one-stop Internet financial services platform
2020-present: Integrated Internet Wealth Management Operators • National Policy Support for Financial Information Services • National Support for Internet Finance
• Capital market reforms, sustained growth in the wealth of the State and its inhabitants • Increased financial awareness of the population, continued growth in the demand for investment on the Internet, mobile phone ownership and the scale of the Fund's asset management
• Technology-enabling finance, which further accelerates the rapid growth of online finance and the growing number of investors and financial resources
• In 2006, the stock bar went live; in 2007, the Sky Fund Network • acquired identical securities in 2015 and introduced new securities service operations • in 2009, presented the “Big Financial Information Platform + Lead Money”
• Establishment of new companies, such as the Rover Network Science and Technology, expansion of the Internet, strengthening of research and development technology inputs, upgrading of intelligent, personalized information operators” strategic planning
Services, a wealth management model for online and offline integration • In 2012, the subsidiary Sky Fund officially opened a certificate for full financial data service operations, pc end, mobile end
Bond Fund sales operations • The Eastern Wealth Network became the country's most accessible user, the Financial Data Service and the Internet Advertising Service
The decline in the share of one of the most sticky Internet financial information platforms, securities service operations and financial e-commerce suits has opened up a new phase for an integrated Internet wealth management operator.
• Web-based financial and information service platforms are being developed, financial numbers are being rapidly developed, and services and advertising are being replaced by funds: the Fund's industry has a broad outlook that changes flows
Eastern wealth through the “portal + vertical financial web site + interactive communication communities” model, which led to the early accumulation of flows and the acquisition of a pass plate for the Fund in 2012, has continued to expand the distribution category and consolidate it.
User viscous. Today, the Sky Fund has emerged as a front fund agent. 3.1 Flows: three websites to complete the early accumulation of traffic, three websites to build the bottom of the current structure. In terms of external flows, the Eastern Wealth Network and the Sky Fund Network.
By providing free and substantial financial information to attract users, the Fund’s and the Unit’s cafes are channeled through the Fund and the Unit, respectively. On this basis, the three web sites share the same flows and form a huge stream of “portal + financial + interactive communities.”
(i) Taking advantage of the opportunities for industrial development and creating a network of Eastern wealth. In 2005, China’s financial sector was significantly reformed to allow financial markets to flourish, the number of investors to rise rapidly, the demand for financial and economic information to increase significantly, and the East’s wealth network to be registered in this context.
Policy gains: In 2005, a series of initiatives, such as the re-marketing of State-owned commercial banks, capital market share-sharing reforms and marketization of profit rates, significantly increased capital market dynamism.
In 2004, the State-owned commercial banks launched a series of municipalities with the launch of the National Interbank Bonds in January 2005
In 2005, the Central Bank issued Measures for the Regulation of Financial Bonds Issued on the Market for Steady Promotion of Interest Rate Markets.
In March, the central bank adjusted the housing credit policy of commercial banks to lower the interest rate on financial institutions’ excess reserves.
Launched in March 2005, credit asset securitization test, February 2005, launch in April 2005 of the International Development Agency, publication in April 2005
In the same year, foreign investment agencies were authorized to enter banks.
In February 2005, the Commercial Bank Establishment Fund was launched. In April 2005, the CSRC announced the launch of the Unit. In July 2005, the RMB exchange rate regime was launched.
Pilot scheme for managing companies.
Started in September with 40 cars in Shanghai, the Democratic Bank, etc., May 2005, " Short-term voucher management scheme " , August 2005, when the People ' s Bank established its Shanghai headquarters.
The draft amendment, which broadens the scope of business integration, broadens the channels of direct enterprise financing.
Strengthening the central bank's regulatory and service functions, September 2005, establishing the China Securities Investor Protection, September 2005, re-approval of the insurance company's preparation, An
In May 2005, the Inter-bank Foreign Exchange Market was approved for the expansion of foreign currency sales and the upgrading of commercial banks by companies such as the State Treasury and the Pacific Life.