"The East Sun is rising, and wealth management is on the rise.
The wealth of the East was created in 2005 to create a professional base of investment finance and flow in the pc era through the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and stock cafés. The company then took the sale of the funds, the securities license, and the perfect realization of the ecological flow.
For the beneficiaries of the long-term development of the capital market, the bond market + Internet portfolio has a strong advantage. At present, we have only 20% of capital financing, less than 10% of equity and fund-related investments, and a large market space for capital allocation, leading to an upward trend of activity and institutionalization of investment.
Vouchers + Internet platform, with nearly 65 million pc users, 17 million mobile users, 5 million days + day fund users, the sales of funds, securities transactions and blending operations will benefit deeply from the advent of the big money management era.
The stock + mixed fund holdings ranged from $537.1 billion in 21q4 to 3rd. The third-party fund sales industry is currently in a two-tier pattern, with 7278 million shares and 53.7 billion in mixed funds held by the two Internet platforms, namely, the ants fund and the Sky Fund.
There is a level of competition with large banks. There is an overall comparison of the distribution channels of the funds: 1) banks, bond dealers, and the sky funds have a significant lead in ecological flows, applications, fund investment specialization; 2) compared to ants, there is a daily disadvantage on the basis of the flow, but professionalism, stock plates and regulatory pressures prevail.
As a result, the Sky Fund is expected to continue to enjoy the Internet’s financial-blue market with its unique, professional competitive advantage, and to generate sustained growth income through its flow advantage, resisting the cyclical volatility of capital markets and achieving long-term steady growth.
Portfolio operations: Internet access, double-clicking against the central shift in turnover and higher market penetration Internet access and a strong eco-shocked brokerage market, with Eastern wealth brokerage earning 51 per cent in 16-20, compared with an overall compound increase of 2.5 per cent in the industry, measured by the market share of corporate agency transactions.
Increased capital-market fund-raising has expanded the size of the two-tier business, with 2021 companies absorbing 43.4 billion dollars a year, up 44%. But there is still more than twice as much room to compare the trading value of corporate agents with the two-fold business model.
For the first time, the company has been significantly undervalued. For the first time, the Internet has been given a “recommended” rating, creating a one-stop investment finance platform.
1.1 Review the path to growth: Internet finance is based on ecological foundations and a one-stop Internet investment finance platform.
In the period 2010-2014, the Fund was established to raise funds on the public market, to obtain funds, to make investments and other important licences, to issue securities for the recapitalization of funds, and to make transactions of equal value. In 2015, the licence plate was taken and three loans were issued for the expansion of the securities business.
In addition, 8 billion yuan was raised to buy and replenish securities of the same faith, officially entering the securities industry. On the basis of the company’s three-time debt transfer of 27.7 billion yuan a year, the founder actually held 24.2% of the shares, and the structure was stable. From the point of view of the Internet company, East,
The wealth-equity structure is stable, and the founder and chairman of the board of directors, who together hold 24.2% of the shares, is the company’s first shareholder. The power incentive covers the top executives, Jung-Quan, Chen Kai, Huang Jianhai, Cheng Xian, 4 members and the core cadre of 3,790 people.
The performance assessment is based on a 20-year net profit base, 21-, 22-, 23-year profit 1.2 operating system: securities and fund sales are two-wheel-drived, depending on Eastern wealth ecology, and cash flows are realized through fund sales and securities operations.
After the sale of gold, securities, futures, and fund plates, a vertical system of wealth management operations was established, with bond dealers (primarily for end-c brokers, mixed interest income), financial power suppliers (fund sales) growing into the company's two core pillars, accounting for 59 per cent and 39 per cent, respectively, of the securities and fund sales operations in 2021.
Securities + fund sales are two-wheel-drived, and harvests have been able to leapfrog growth. Thanks to capital inflows since 2018, the market has been warming at the bottom, and the company’s leading edge on the Internet + finance, the size of Eastern fiscal revenues has risen steeply over the last three years, with revenues of $4,82,131 million in 2019-2021, and cagr reaching 76 per cent.
The main drivers of growth are the securities business, the financial electric power provider, and the size of the securities and fund exchange business in 2021. The beneficial market for the securities business is active, and the ceiling has not yet arrived. After taking down the securities license, the company relies on its own flow to expand the business map, from brokering to two-fold operations, driving the company to grow at a high rate.
The income and commission revenue levels have continued to break, reaching double catalytic proportions of 13.25 and 2.689 billion, respectively, in the second half of 2021. The ranking goes even further, and the Fund’s sales operations have grown rapidly.
In 2021, a strong growth in the distribution channels was achieved, with two giant ants, each growing at a high base, while ants, natural funds, kept on a scale that was significantly overstretched to the industry. Interconnectivity has continued to thrive over traditional channels. We have chosen to generate revenue from financial information services in the East.
As a side indicator of the Fund's sales income (the Fund's off-the-shelf income from other operations is small and stable), it has benefited from the Fund's “circle” over the past 20 years, and the Fund's off-the-shelf operations have seen a jump in growth. 1.3 Key financial indicators: scarce platform-type companies
Revenue levels have jumped in the last three years, with single-quarter revenues on the new steps. According to the overall collection, annual corporate revenues were $82.4 million, $13.9 billion, or 94.7 per cent and 58.9 per cent, respectively.
With R & D input added, the platform attributes rate has declined significantly. The company’s main costs are from staff expansion, management costs are higher among the three major costs, and the main costs of Eastern wealth securities, mainly from affiliates, are accounted for.
The company has developed a leading advantage and experience in ecological construction, Internet operations, and has maintained steady growth in input rhythms and intensity. The three major rates of increase – 1.4, 3.7, 0.9 pct – have benefited from the high rate of income expansion at the end of the last two years.
In 21 years, companies increased their investment in R & D and increased the synergy between intelligence and products. Figure 11: The three cost scales of 2016-2021 (billions of dollars) continue to rise in profit margins and increase profits faster than income. We stress once again the central advantage of Eastern wealth.
It is the vertically integrated Internet investment management ecology that it has built, with a significant Internet platform of 65%. The improved ecology and flow now provide companies with a much lower cost of business extension and expansion, as can be seen from the fact that the company’s profits have increased significantly over the last three years than at the end of the income.
The net interest rate and profitability are growing significantly faster than at the end of the income, with a weighting of roe reaching 22% in 21 years, and 1.4 how to look at the east: the Internet gene is the essence of the scarce Internet + voucher business system, but the core is still a well-developed Internet investment finance ecology.
In qualitative terms, Eastern wealth is an Internet company that has operated financial information and investment finance websites for many years, building up specialized ecological and visceral flows. At the same time, the company has developed a well-developed product matrix with a smooth flow of guides to each other, with pre-existing advantages and the web-based effects of Internet ecology as its core strength.
At the end of the web is an advantage of the Eastern tradition, with more than 2.8% increase in the number of people, second only to the new economy. There is a significant leading position in the professional financial website (the second and the number of people covered by the news is 28.7 million). The Sky Fund Network is also the professional base for the company’s earlier construction.
At the mobile end, the company’s two major Eastern wealth funds, the Daily Fund, have continued to grow, and the number of active users has risen steadily. According to data from the end of January 2022, Eastern wealth has increased.
The year was 16.5 million, or 24 per cent. Foreseeing, there is still a chance of further improvement in Tung-jin’s monthly life in the 35+million areas where the stock market is now largely stable. Figure 18: Eastern Wealth, Daily Fund Appliance Update (millions)
Figure 19: Comparison of the latest monthly activity of the same flower, eastern wealth and wisdom (millions of people)2 The ongoing release of the dividends of capital market reforms, with a dilution cycle leading to a long-term perspective of 2.1 short-term: the rise in activity and the rise in the size of the institution
Capital market reforms have continued to release dividends. Capital market reforms have been advancing in recent years, and the medium- and long-term trends in capital markets have been positive.
The capital market’s continued boom has raised the market’s heat a-shares. Since 19 years, a stock market has continued to rise, with a daily value of 500-100 billion yuan, reaching 1.06 trillion in July of 21 years, while the size of the market’s mood remained at trillion in January-March of 22 years.
The two-mixing business is more powerful, and the financing business dominates. Market activity continues to rise, and it also leads to a boom in the two-mixing business, with a market balance of $1.74 trillion as of the end of March 2222, and after 18 years of financial deleveraging, the healthy development of the two-mixing business and the heat of the market trade form a positive positive feedback, the two-mixing business.
In the context of capital-market hotness, another clear trend is the accelerated expansion of the management of professional capital institutions.
There is a growing sense of direction and investment finance, and the value-added of assets through a professional approach is becoming increasingly popular. The market interest and size of the Fund, particularly the Public Fund, are growing rapidly. At the end of 2021, the size of the Fund was 25.6 trillion, a 29 per cent increase, compared to the size of the Fund as at the end of February 2022.
By the end of the 21st year, public funds held a stock of $6.44 trillion, representing a growing number of public funds and a faster increase in equity and blending. By the end of December 2021, the number of public funds had reached 8103, an increase of 19.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, and the market for fund distribution was on the rise.
The number of released funds was 7543; specifically, the number of open, mixed and bond-based funds as at the end of December 2021 was 1772, 3972 and 1827, respectively, representing an increase of 30 per cent, 24 per cent and 7 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year. In terms of net value of the Fund, the net value of the mixed funds grew rapidly and had been reached by the end of 21 years.
6.05 trillion, representing 8.6 trillion interests in the “equity-plus” model, with rapid growth. 2.2 From a long-term perspective, capital markets are expected to sustain prosperity.
In China, the rapid growth of gdp over the past 30 years has resulted in a significant accumulation of wealth, but there is still much room for greater fiscal awareness. According to the Austria-latitude consultation data, the size of personal assets in China reached 160 trillion in 2019.
Cash and personal deposits are more than 58%, compared to 12% in developed countries on a horizontal basis. In terms of volume and structure, pre-term deposits of our personal investable assets into the capital market account for 58% of personal investable assets, regular investments (banks, insurance wealth management products), equities, etc.
Our share of direct financing differs significantly from that of foreign countries, and there is scope for improvement. We used to focus on indirect financing, with some pressure on financing costs, innovation promotion, and monetary policy transmission.
By contrast, the United States has reached over 90 per cent of direct financing in 15 years, so we still have a lot of room for direct financing. Strong development of direct financing requires prosperity and survival.
Capital market reform policies have become more frequent, using innovation and regulation to boost market prosperity. Since 2018, the pace of capital, market reforms and the introduction of new rules for registration and refinancing have significantly accelerated the supply and financing of quality enterprises.
As a result, the creation of the Credentials and the North Bank has created easy and direct sources of financing for innovative enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises, and the innovation of financial products such as new regulations, reits, fund offers, etc., has led to the expansion of market investable directions and targets.
As a result, the company’s ipo has been warming up gradually for 18 years, and the market’s heat has continued.
It is expected that, with the strict enforcement of the “household-free” policy, the investable value of housing assets will decline, and residents will be more likely to choose the allocation of financial assets.
61.7 per cent of equities, combined with 10 per cent of fund allocation.3 Eastern wealth has reached the golden age of the market pattern of 3.1 funds: a foreign-party sales agency surged in the military.
From a general point of view, the sales market for independent funds is growing rapidly. According to the data disclosed by the China Foundations Association, the size of our public fund retention channels has changed considerably. The share of third-party independent fund sales companies has risen rapidly over the last three years, reaching 11.03% in 2019, and 3.27 pct higher than in 2018.
In 2019, third-party sales companies grew in absolute terms to 1.63 trillion dollars, a year-on-year increase. The head third-party companies are highly competitive in terms of the distribution of companies as a whole. According to the “equity-mixed” form of public holdings, the top 20 major fund sales channels are dominated by banks, with 14 of the top 20 households belonging to banks.
Channels, the size of the holdings, are 70%. But from a firm-specific point of view, as of 2021, the ant funds of the third party q4, Top2 sales company, the daily funds holdings were $72,78 billion and $537.1 billion, respectively, which went beyond the ranks of the business banks to 3, which is sufficient to support the competitiveness and growth space of third-party fund sales companies.
More specifically, third-party sales patterns: higher concentration, and higher growth in day-to-day funds. The third-party fund sales market now has a bipolar pattern of 15 third-party companies out of the top 100 fund sales companies, with a total holdings of about 1.4 trillion and ants + 79% daily.
The entire fund-based marketing industry has experienced a downward spiral, with leading banks and bond dealers falling to varying degrees. Focusing on Internet-based distributors, the two giants, the ants and the day-to-day, have continued to grow at a relatively high base, with the strong consistently growing.
3.2 From a user ' s point of view: how to buy a fund? Fund investor portraits: investors with a certain income size and investment years are in the majority. From the income structure, according to the China Foundations Association data for 2019, the Fund investor is concentrated in a concentration of between 100,000 and 500,000.
It is worth noting that Internet investors, represented by ants, will be significantly below average in terms of income size, investment experience, 68.5 per cent of income below 100,000, and the percentage of people without financial education how to buy a fund? In terms of trade, close to 80 per cent choose a mobile terminal.
At present, 77.2% of investors choose to buy funds by mobile terminals, while the remaining 10.1% through computers and 12.7% through banks and voucher counters. In the current era of mobile Internet, mobile end sales channels are a necessity for the sales industry.
Investors have a variety of choices and practices for purchasing the fund. Figure 45: What is the most important thing for an investor to buy a fund, mainly through a mobile end-of-life fund? Rate of return, risk level, and duration of the investment. For an investor in the fund, take it.
The rate of gain is the most important target for the selection of funds, at 31.8 per cent, with risk levels, investment duration, ease of sale 28.4 per cent, 17.8 per cent, 14.7 per cent, respectively, not particularly high in terms of fees, investor interest and sensitivity, and only 31.3 per cent overall would be considered quite important.
In the 2019 survey, investors' views on the Fund's rates were important and very relevant.
Investors are expected to achieve long-term development with information that is of interest to them, with accurate image-taking by the users of the Fund ' s investors, and with a selection of the right client groups. 3.3 Fund sales channels are fully comparable: increased competition is inevitable and differentiated.
Internet channels tend to lower their requisition rates, and banks and bonds have a similar strategy.
The introduction of zero subscriptions, requisition rates, etc. in the hot push fund on the front page makes it difficult to achieve a low rate of 3.3.1 Eastern wealth vs, voucher dealers: professional platforms and mature ecology, making a difference
The fund app has a significant professional leadership in the financial field of the fund vis-à-vis the bank app, which covers all aspects of the financial life of the individual. There are large differences in the flow base, with differences and specialization taking over clients.
In the case of mobile banking, for example, the number of mobile bank users was 4.43, 3.83, 158 million, compared to 0.95, 0.94 and 0.72 million in August 2021.
The advantages of Eastern wealth lie in professional funds investing in fiscal ecology, low-cost marketing, and rich experience in interconnectivity. Target groups are more in line with users in the mobile Internet age, while banks are dominant in markets such as high net-value customers, private banks, etc.
The wealth of the East has a significant advantage in ecological construction, flow accumulation, and distribution channels, as compared to traditional bond dealers. By the end of February 2022, the wealth of the East stood at 16.9 million people and the daily fund platform.
Four-nine million people, compared to 9.23 million in the second country, and 6.68 million in the second country, have a greater advantage on the basis of liquidity with other leading securities companies. A much larger flow base and an advantage over Internet access have allowed the funds to remain in the East’s wealth.
Far ahead in size, as at 2021q4 East Treasure + Mixed Fund holdings reached $53.71 billion, and the top three were ranked third in the cross-country industry, while the top three were Sino-China, Huatai and Open-Swiss, with holdings of $1048, 850, and $70.2 billion, far below the daily ants, while the Fund ' s holdings showed a quarterly decline in size.
Fig. 52: Fig. and Head Bonders Appliance (millions) February 2022, figure 53: What's the advantage of East Fig. vs. Head Bonders + Mixed Fund holdings (millions of yuan) over traditional channels?
One is the financial portals and fund investment communities established in the early years of the Internet, which have accumulated a large number of high-quality capital investment users. The overall wealth flow base in the East is somewhat less than banks, the Internet, but there are significant advantages in terms of quality and customer stickyness, and there is still room for transformation.
The capital comes from an industry that is relatively ahead of its construction and has a strong pre-emptive advantage at the mobile end. The advantage is to create the flow base, using the Fund’s supermarket strategy to leverage the channel.
The wealth network, the Sky Fund, and the stock bar have gradually been built, and the rich have accumulated a large number of high-quality investors from pc to the mobile age, with outstanding advantages in terms of both quantity and quality. By 2022, the number of online funds had reached 12777, and the number of collaborative public funds had reached 150.
Companies use the broad coverage of the Fund ' s supermarkets; in support of decision-making, the Sky Fund has the most complete functional modules and has been small-scaled to facilitate comparison among users according to their own habits.
Tung-an Foundation (under the flag), Love Fund (under the flag)
The size of the fund is also growing rapidly. By contrast, the Internet giants have an absolute advantage over the size of the ecology, paying for treasures, micro-visit monthly payments in the order of 880 million, or 1.01 billion, while Eastern wealth, homogenous monthly payments are only 1589, or 32.94 million. Eastern wealth is better than ecological expertise and vertical operations, paying treasures, micro-trust needs.
(b) Focus companies, watch the sky fund compared to the ant fund. On a double-check, the ants have indeed reached the end of the harvest. On the one hand, the ants rely on the payment of the treasure, whether there are comparable advantages to the ecological flow and the lower flow costs;
On the other hand, the ant fund is more advanced than the Sky Fund in the size of a bond-based, monetary-type fund. Since 2017, the ant fund has been selling at a high level, with sales earnings of 60.1,121 and the balance of 2021 sales, respectively, exceeding the ants fund in 18 years.
Over the period 2016-2021, the development of the two major ants Foundations, Sky Fund, was able to see that the 16-17 year-old Sky Fund was still a leader in its size, thanks to its pre-existing advantages. But the 17-19 year-old ants Fund was able to outpace the Sky Fund through leapfrogging growth.
How can an ant's advantages be understood? The only tool of the Internet giant with financial attributes + balance treasures bring out of the circle. Ant funds rely on paying the eco-economy, with a huge ecological flow base, and a potentially large transformational space. The greatest advantage over other Internet giants (Stoms, Kyoutung, etc.) is that they pay for their jobs.
It's a natural proximity to finance, and it's a better guide. In 2020, the ants group paid 118 trillion, generating credit, $3.4 trillion in financial operations, ranging from personal payments to personal finance, personal finance, and financial transfer. The other advantage is that the balance of products in the circle brings a significant branding effect, and the scale of the peaks is close.
1.8 trillion dollars, creating a good branding effect for ant funds.
Individual investment finance services that are vertically integrated, such as easy, fund investment, and futures transactions.
A professional investment finance Internet platform faces less regulatory pressure. Eastern wealth is less powerful than the Internet.
There are relatively few regulatory pressures, including financial technology, antimonopoly, data security, etc. The antimonopoly of Internet platforms, as well as the regulation of financial science and technology, payments, have made it possible to focus on the future growth of Eastern wealth: the logic of fund sales growth is clear.
The financial e-commerce business of Eastern wealth (i.e., the fund sales business) is the fastest growing business for companies, and the income scale of 2020 and 2021 was a breakthrough, reaching 53.7 billion yuan as at 2021q4 equities plus mixed public funds.
The business logic of the Bank of Commerce and Industry ranks third in the sales sector, after the Bank of Merchants ($791 billion) Ants Fund, which is a non-core variable with growth and elasticity. Dismantling the income composition of the Sky Fund can be divided into transactional income and follow-up commissions. The transactional income is related to the foreclosure of the Fund.
To some extent, IDF is able to represent the Fund’s trade temperature, but its own companies take a low-cost competitive approach, with a relatively low-trading ratio. The revenue pattern followed by commissions is linked to the size of the daily fund holdings, and, given the continued expansion of overall management, tailing operations can be a driving force for robust growth over the long term.
On the one hand, thanks to a shift in the allocation of residential assets to professional management agencies, sales of corporate funds have increased steadily since 2019, with total sales falling by trillion to 100 million in 2020.
1.3 trillion, of which $699 billion was sold by the non-fund fund; on the other hand, companies continued to increase the coverage of the fund management company, which in 2021 disclosed a total of 146 fund managers on the line.
Marketing operations are expected to sustain high growth rates in the medium to long term.4 The dividends of capital market reforms continue, securities are accelerating upwards, brokering 4.1: flow realization, and Internet genetics provide a significant competitive advantage
Brokering: good-quality liquidity of flows, with rising rates of city ownership. Eastern wealth, with its coupon license, depends on strong brand and ecological flows, dynamic brokering, with 51% of the overall market trade rising in 2016-2021, but, more importantly, companies are still in the process of taking their share of the market, if in accordance with the criteria.
In 2021, there was still a significant gap between the share of the stock market and the top of the list (7.6%). Brokerage has become a red sea, and the development of differentiation is a bad way to go.
There has also been no fundamental change in the industry landscape from a concentration perspective. The reason for this is that the spread of the Internet, especially mobile ends, has led to further homogenization of securities transactions, and that increased competition in the industry has continued to reduce the commission rate, from about 8.2 per 10,000 in 13 years to 2.8 per 10,000 in 2020.
The leading “Internet + Bonder” is expected to continue to expand the market rate in a low-cost era. Eastern wealth is the only company with a complete Internet ecology and voucher license, with a significant advantage over securities companies in terms of ecological flow base numbers, product matrix abundance, and Internet marketing experience. At the same time, companies borrow money.
Capital markets, by raising low-cost capital funds, including through debt transfer, to cover their own weaknesses. Toyoshi used a low-cost competitive strategy at the beginning of the securities industry, measuring commission rates of only 10,000 in 2016 and 2017.
Figure 75: Comparison of commission rates between companies and major securities dealers (in tens per ten thousand) 4.2 mixed operations: natural expansion of brokering, low-cost fund-raising for business growth
The rapid pace of development in the last two years has become another driver of corporate growth after brokering. The two-fold business is a classic capital-consumption business, and the properties of the business are closely linked to the heat of capital market transactions, so that the East is in two ways and growing at a fast pace.
2.37%, well below 4.47% of stock exchanges, and at the same time the size of the cut-off ceilings with traditional head-billers. There's still room for a coupon dealer. As of the 2021 annual report, Eastern wealth was released at $43.4 billion, corresponding to the size of the long-soldier, Huatai, and the King, respectively.
34%, 37%, 40%. In contrast to the stock turnover of several bond dealers, the size of the stock trading by the Eastern agent is 60%, 50%, 103%, and the amount trading by the corporate agent is increasing faster than in the industry. From the point of view of the stock trading, the Eastern wealth finance bond business has a very high growth margin.
By issuing a transferable debt to raise low-cost capital, two packages of business are expected to expand. The two-way operation is capital-consumptive, and requires sufficient capital to scale up operations.
The financing process, which combines a total of $7.3 billion and $15.8 billion in revolving debt, was used for business expansion, of which $6.5 billion and $14 billion were used to finance bond operations. According to the 2021 report, the former company was planning to raise up to $12 billion in public debt and $1 billion in securities expansion.
4.3 Horizontal expansion: Self-employment, exploration of funds and capital market heat, dynamic investment and self-employment. In 2021, the profit composition of Eastern wealth was $735 million for net capital gains and $275 million for fair value changes, compared to $316 million for the same period last year -
At $US 0.01 billion, the corresponding return on self-investment is becoming an important part of the growth in corporate profits. The source is the company’s increasing capital through a variety of financing instruments, reaching $33.6 billion by the end of 2021, representing an increase of 162 per cent in the same year; other claims are invested on a scale of $US 14.03 billion, mainly in investment.
Easter wealth continues to expand in wealth management, with Eastern wealth securities taking the license plate in July 2021, following the pace of the transformation of wealth management. Meanwhile, the Eastern Monetary Fund has been growing steadily, with $5,079 million in management up to the end of 2021, up from 2020.
The central advantage of Eastern wealth is still that it is far above the ecological flow of other coupons, and there are more possibilities in many attempts and expansions in wealth management. Growing up in five-cycle fluctuations, hugging the “gold track” of wealth management.
5.1 Transfers to equity have been an incentive, with the East going through a historical recovery since January, and continued restructuring since January, which is a key factor. Eastern wealth has recently returned significantly, falling by 13 per cent on 14 February alone, to 37 per cent since its height on 16 December 21.
We believe that debt swaps are a key incentive, and in essence the logic of growth is being tested by a low cycle. In combination with the performance of the Eastward 3 transfer, it can be seen that the adjustment occurred on 4 January, and that the large number of outstanding swaps and successive overvalues have increased the probability of triggering foreclosures. The firm’s decision to exercise a power of foreclosure has put excessive stock swap pressure on retransferable debt (3).
There's a lot of pressure on the swaps, ps spreads and swings. The tradable debt of the East is in a long-term state of high premium, and triggering the foreclosure mechanism would encourage the transferor to transfer the equity, substantially increase the equity of the company in the short term.
Recall the company's announcement that the balance of the company's announced transfer as at 4 January was $15.8 billion, while meeting the conditions for for foreclosure, and the probability of triggering foreclosure increased. On 24 January, the company announced that it would exercise the right to foreclosure.
What about swaps? Not entirely profitable, expanding capital-capital-led portfolio growth. In short-term perspective, large swaps are bound to face short-term ps adjustment, but given the regulatory requirements of bond-broker operations, an increase in capital can help raise net capital and guarantee the basis for the expansion of portfolio operations.
Debt-for-equity transfers may have a relatively negative impact on companies in the short term, but they do not undermine the basis for long-term growth, and we believe that the negative factors associated with the transfer on 1 March are expected to fade.
Debt swaps are a cause, and the prospect of wealth management has changed as a result of the cold release of the fund. The ps spreads and positive stock drops caused by the conversion are only a response factor, and the cold release of the new fund in January/February 2022 is the core cause of the company’s short-term volatility.
Weaknesses and pessimisms are expected to generate negative feedback. The entrepreneurship panel, represented by Van der Alla, is characterized by poor performance, a decline in the average turnover ratio from 4 January to 14 April 2022, a combination of uncertainty about international conditions and monetary policy, and a cyclical nature of capital markets.
But the outlook is that our capital markets, driven by multiple factors, are expected to rise in the long run, and the leap has been renewed, continuing to break out of the trillions since July. The logic of wealth management has not changed, with public funding reaching 26 trillion.
In the context of the multi-factor catalyst, a significant restructuring of the stock market, the management of assets represented by the Public Fund and the absence of a significant decline, the overall net amount of the Fund remained positive at 20 per cent under last year ' s high base, and the short-term adjustment did not significantly change the size of the Fund ' s growth, but there was a marked change in its structure, with an equity-based focus.
The net value of equity and mixed funds has declined in size, with equity, mixed net value ring risk avoidance in January 2022. The overall size of the fund has continued to grow, with structural changes that are sufficient proof of the short-term - and to a certain extent affecting the structure of the financial assets, but we believe that the overall stewardship of the fund is sufficient.
The trend toward capital markets has not changed. Focusing on the rich, their business is still at a stage where they continue to increase their market share, and they grow much more than cyclically.
The company combined with the coupon license plate has a natural advantage in the large c-end market. According to the app monthly living data, 1.64 million people were living in Eastern wealth by the end of January 2021, second only to the same stock, while far from the best-run Chinese-Thai stockholders were operating under the flag.
There is still room for improvement in the wealth appliance, with 41,82 million stockholdings and 178 million investors as of 2020. Growing ceilings are not yet accessible, operating borders are open.
But, at this point in time, the East’s share of the market is still in the long run. Both of the business securities brokers and fund substitutes at the centre of the East’s wealth remain far higher than the growth of the industry.
Growing in cycles, core business has not stagnated in the long run. The two major businesses of the East have a cycle of growth, with a macro-view of fund sales, securities brokerage and blending operations highly correlated with the heat of capital markets. Market booms for three consecutive years since 19 years have laid the foundation for high corporate performance growth; and they have focused on each business.
In the case of daily funds, the company’s 21-year stock + mixed fund retention ranking continues to rise.
The Fund’s two main sales operations are still in the process of winning a share, and growth is to be expected. Figure 98: In 2020, the value of the East Brokerage City as compared with that of the head bonder dropped to its lowest level in almost three years.
At a low of three years, the rolling market surplus as of April 14 was 35 times higher, compared to 63 times higher in the centre of the rolling market surplus in the last three years. Short-term declines have resulted in higher value for money in the company’s valuation, while the growth of the public department in panic has been significantly underestimated.
Figure 100: Eastern wealth pe-band in the last three years Figure 101: Eastern wealth roll-over in the last three years
The current business map of Toyoshi can be divided into three main areas: securities operations; fund sales; financial data; and advertising. The further dismantling of securities operations can be divided into securities brokerage operations; two-mixing operations; futures brokerage operations; and other securities trading operations; and the fund sales operations consist of transactional income and tail commission and sales service charges, while the financial number
According to the small size of the advertising business and not a priority area, 1) the securities brokerage business is related to market activity and the stock exchange rate of the Eastern Financial Agent. 2020, 2021, the market share of the stock exchange, if calculated at the rate of 10,02 per cent of the commission rate, were the market share in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
In short, we have a neutral expectation that the combined transaction commission rate for companies will be maintained at a rate of 10,000. According to the three key indicators above, 2) the two-way operation is a capital-consumption business, and the two-way-to-the-market ratio of the a-share market is a combination of two-way interest rate indicators that can generate income for the two-way operation. 2020, 2021
The city share is estimated at 2.37 per cent, and given the super-rich flow, we expect that the two-way business of the east will continue to be covered by the two-fold interest rate, calculated on the basis of the average annual double size and interest income, which is 33 per cent higher in 2020, 2021, trillion. Given the growth in futures market turnover and the fact that the east is in the futures trading field.
1) Transactional income, which in the Fund's sales business is mainly related to the Fund's sales, the Fund's turnover rate, which, according to the company's annual report, were followed by a commission in 2020 and 2021 at 6900, 2, respectively. The tailings related mainly to the size of the company's funds, in accordance with the Fund's regulations.
Sales management fees x a percentage of the rate of retention scale. At the end of 2021, the size of the company ' s non-goods and holdings was $67.39 billion, and given the company ' s ecological advantages as an Internet platform, we expect corporate funds, financial data, advertising and others, financial data and advertising operations of the Toyochi and market heat to be the same over the next three years.
To be relevant, given the changes in the future market environment and the company’s own positioning for the plate, we anticipate that, with regard to the Maori rate, according to the Eastern Wealth Annual Report, the securities business does not disclose the Māori rate, so the main Māori ratio forecasts target financial power suppliers, financial data, and advertising.
In terms of cost, given the magnitude of the company’s 21-year high growth, which has led to a significant expansion of personnel and inputs, it is expected that the associated cost-side inputs will slow down as Easter’s growth stabilizes over 22-24 years. My Eastern wealth is the scarce domestic “roller plus Internet” enterprise, through the Eastern Wealth and Daily Fund.
Two major apps build up more than 10 million levels of flow ecology and build a one-stop investment finance platform based on a voucher license plate. Given the scarcity of the business, it is difficult to find a suitable match.
Platforms, with strong Internet company attributes, industry-based companies that can pay for ants under the flag of Treasure Van + Moon, dynamic brokers, blending and futures trading operations, which are now gradually contributing to the income of bond dealers, so, on a comparable basis, we choose securities app, which is now the main equity app of a share.
The Division consists of Eastern wealth, horoscope, wisdom, ancient technology, compasses, and, because wisdom does not have the same data for the next three years, wind has chosen the company that is the most comparable to the same, ancient technology, compass and historical valuation of the United States.
Compared to comparable company valuations, where there are relatively high values for companies with specialized securities apps, while traditional securities dealers currently have relatively low valuations. The current rolling market rate, whether in the case of certificate apps or in the case of coupons, is significantly different from the average for the last three years.
We believe that the essence of the business is the Internet company with a coupon license, with the core competitiveness of the Eastern wealth, the natural funds, and the ecological tens of thousands of volume flows, and that the securities business is a high-quality mode of realization. So, given the future growth of the business, the business is expanding.
Space, as well as the long-term space for wealth management, we believe that the current valuation of Eastern wealth has been significantly underestimated. For the first time, coverage has been recommended, with a “rating” recommended. 1) Capital markets are not as active as expected.
If capital markets are not as active as expected, this may affect key indicators represented by a stock exchange, number and size of new funds, thereby creating uncertainty as to the growth of Eastern wealth in the short term. 2) The sales of new funds and funds fall short of expectations. The sales of new funds and funds are the market activity of the Fund.
An important indicator of the confidence of the Fund's investors, as well as an important indicator of the performance of Eastern Wealth Fund sales, may have a negative impact on the growth of Eastern wealth's financial e-commerce operations if new funds and fund sales fall short of expectations.
For the purpose of this set of regulatory measures, the Eastern Wealth Fund sales platform has a certain Internet identity and may face a certain degree of regulatory uncertainty. At the same time, protection against financial risks has been a policy-level focus on net asset yields.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.