It's highly recommended (first coverage) to take advantage of the wealth management wind, the financial platform carrier, the Eastern wealth (300059.sz) to cover the report for the first time.
The company’s large client flow, which is lower than the commission of the business, and its well-developed financial ecology and professional platform services are key to the continued growth and growth of the brokering business. The company’s active down-the-shelf operations, capital expansion and low financing are essential.
Interest rates continue to expand the size of the two-combined business. Moreover, the average assets of companies are much lower than those of other securities dealers, and there is considerable scope for raising the size of the assets invested in the resident financial assets as the client ' s age and economic capacity grow.
Our public fund market is still in its initial stages, with a much lower share of gdp than in the United States, and is growing at a rapid rate in 1991. Eastern wealth is based on a rich product supply, a mature fund specialization platform, and a group of people who have been able to help them.
For the third quarter in a row, the flow of business, the non-fund base and the stock-plus equity market share have increased steadily, raising the size of the holdings to three. The company’s dominant position has emerged and will benefit fully in the future from the development of the fund-raising market.
The company has now expanded its diversification of insurance, funds, offshore portfolio investment, and client value. Of these, passive investment or the next windfall. In the development experience of the US Common Fund, it has been passive for almost a decade.
Our index fund accounts for only 14% of the size of the non-monetary public fund, which is a big difference compared to the United States. As future pensions enter the market, index funds have wide market development opportunities.
The difference between the rich and the rich lies in the diversity of the platforms. The key to the success of the money is that its low commission strategy gets a flow of customers, and the diversification becomes a valuable asset.
But the difference between the two is that it is not possible to mix business and that the cash flow is still growing. No, with the gradual increase in the market share of mixed businesses, public funds, and sales.
The growing maturity of financial services, such as investment platforms, is expected to become a Chinese version of “good faith management.” For the first time, the company’s development prospects are covered, and a “strongly recommended” rating is given.
There's plenty of room to raise the size of assets per capita, mainly by long-tailed customers. We calculate the rate of exchange through stock-based swaps against the market value of securities hosting, based on stock-based sales and transactions, monthly payments.
The number of users, the annual rate of exchange, simply extrapolating the per capita assets of the customers of the coupons, extrapolating the per capita capital of the rich, is much lower than that of the Huathai, Taijun and Hyeton bonds. We believe that, with the growing age and economic capacity of the customers, the size of the assets invested in the financial assets of the resident population has increased, and the per capita assets have increased dramatically.
The new mode of realization is the key to the future growth in the performance of Dong-jin, which has pre-positioned passive investment markets. In addition to fund sales and brokerage, new investments, passive investment markets, etc.
Our index fund accounts for only 14% of non-monetary public fund-raising, a big difference compared to the United States. Pensions are on the market, and they are more cost-driven.
Controls and risks are spread, and index funds, as one of the key investment channels, are expected to become the main investment direction for pensions.
2.1. The Information Platform has been transformed into an integrated financial service provider, and three platforms have been active in creating a flow base and opening up liquidity channels. Eastern wealth was established in 2005 and the Eastern Wealth Network was launched in the same year, mainly to provide comprehensive and timely financial information to clients in 2006-2007.
Year after year, the stock bar, the Sky Fund Network, became the basis of the company’s customer flow. The platform’s functions include financial information, interactive exchanges, and information about the Fund’s products, forming the core of the company’s competitiveness.
In 2012, the company officially obtained a license plate for the sale of funds; the Choice terminal was issued in 2013; 100 per cent of the BMW century securities were acquired in 2014 (subsequently renamed “Hafou securities”); the Tibetan peer securities (renamed “Oriental wealth securities”) were acquired in 2015. The Internet + voucher model is formalized.
In 2017, Eastern wealth was approved for Hong Kong Futures and Chronicle license, and in the same year, the company was granted a license for micro-credit business to further expand the financial model.
In 2018, the Eastern Wealth Fund Management Company Ltd. was approved. In the same year, the company formally changed its name to the Eastern Wealth Futures, providing a full range of financial services to clients. In 2019, Eastern Wealth was granted the Securities Futures Business Licence and formally entered the Public Fund.
Business. So, the corporate financial biosphere has been largely built, moving from information platform services to organizational restructuring for companies to strengthen their wealth management operations. In June 2021, to meet the larger trends in wealth management and business development, the company undertook an organizational restructuring: a portfolio of securities futures, etc.
The integration of the Fund ' s clusters of ventures, integrated business ventures into the wealth management community and innovative business ventures helps companies to be more flexible in responding to market wealth management needs and to target financial services.
The company's first shareholder, Mr. General, holds 20.51 per cent of the shares, is the chairman and founder of the company, Mr. Shen Yu-gen is a patrilineal relationship, is married to Ms. Lu Li-Li, and the three-member share ratio is 24.24 per cent, and the equity structure is relatively stable.
Most of the executives have science and technology corporate backgrounds, and management is getting younger. In fact, the chairman of the board has a Ph.D. degree, a Ph.D. degree, and currently holds positions as a member of the National Political Consultative Council and Vice-President of the China Securities and Investment Association, with 20 years of financial and securities research and management.
In addition to the chairman of the board, four of the company's executives hold company shares and most of them have computer-related company work experience. In recent years, the company has promoted the rejuvenation of the management hierarchy, and the general manager, Jung Li-Quan, was born in 1984 as a “after 80” executive.
In July 2021, the company launched a new round of equity incentives. The company awarded directors, senior managers, middle managers,
Incentives, 80%, 120%. Equity incentives can bind corporate interests to employee interests, helping to retain nuclear 2.3. Double-wheel-drive development, and companies entering the fast-growing track of performance.
Companies are in a fast-growing period of performance. After the company started its securities business in 2016, revenues and profits entered a high-growth period. In 2020, the concept of wealth management and the bursting of the public fund market accelerated the growth of company performance. In 2021, companies collected $13,094 million, a year-on-year increase.
Corporate operations are divided into: securities services; financial e-commerce services (fund sales); financial data services (choice); and Internet advertising services.
Cost control is excellent, Roe is higher than industry. Companies have higher sales and management costs in 2016-2017, and the advantages of higher revenue collection and scale-up from the company ' s new business expansion have gradually emerged, and the company ' s cost rate has continued to decline. In 2021, the company ' s third rate was 20.2%.
The company has a network of Eastern Wealth Networks, Eastern Wealth Securities, Equity Bars, Choice, Sky Fund, East Money Securities, East Treasures, and East Treasures.
The East Wealth Network, the Sky Fund, is the company’s main vehicle for accessing customer flows and is carried out through daily funds and Eastern Wealth Securities.
Liquidation, followed by the use of shares and various tools for clients (e.g. investment tools, school databases, etc.) to improve customer stickyness, and the use of platforms such as the Eastern Financial Fund, the Eastern Financial Insurance Fund, and the Haffou Securities to meet the differentiated investment needs of households.
Maximizes the use of a complete flow of 3.1. : high population coverage, low cost of visitors, high flow and coverage of the Eastern Wealth Network and the Sky Fund Network.
Goldnet is the company's most important source of customer flows. According to Irey, in January 2022, the wealth network in the east covered 59.9 million people, followed only by the new wave, and was ranked second; the daily fund covered 5.9 million people, ranked 13th in the financials website.
In January-March 2022, the average number of daily independent users was 7,648,000, the average number of daily page views amounted to 5,911,000, and the number of monthly life visits by the East and the Sky Fund remained high. In the first quarter of 2021, the number of monthly users of the East was 14,570,000, an increase of 11.4 per cent compared with the same flower of 2021q1.
With an average of 31,63 million people living, the size of the financial category is the first to apply, but the same rate of growth is down 11.1 per cent. The difference between the money and the same flower is gradually narrowing. According to the company ' s annual report, the number of daily users of the daily fund in 2021 was 3,147,000, an increase of 33.3 per cent over 2020.
Figure 13.2022: Financial and Economic Portal coverage (millions) Figure 14. Some accounts are available for thousands of live users. The unique properties of the Internet and a well-developed financial ecology make it much less expensive for Eastern recipients than traditional coupons.
By relying on portals such as the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, and the scale effect of online platforms, we have obtained a large volume of low-cost customer flows at a higher cost than traditional voucher dealers. We use advertising fees to measure the value of new investors in companies (annually new investors x share-based market share trading rates).
In 2020, due to the epidemic and favourable market conditions, the cost per person was only $81.6. Although the cost of receiving visitors rose to $219 in 2021, it is still far below the traditional voucher 3.2. Flow conversion: brokering goes hand-in-hand with fund sales.
The Fund’s sales operations grew strongly. In 2012, the Fund obtained a license plate from a third-party fund sales agency to become the first source of liquidity.
The market is booming, and corporate fund sales are starting to grow at a high rate. In 2021, companies achieved 2.24 trillion in sales of funds and 1.34 trillion in sales of non-capital funds, representing an increase of 72.5 per cent in the same year, and high growth-led proceeds of sales grew by 71.2 per cent to $5,073 million.
At the end of the fourth quarter of 2021, the Fund continued to increase its corporate branding, its financial circulation, and its stock of products were better than its counterparts, maximizing the transformation of its clients.
By 2021, space-based gold had been working with 150 public fund-raising funds to sell more than 12,000 products. According to ifind, the daily fund sales were far higher than the ant fund, far more than recruitment, industry and construction.
Figure 20. Number and number of dealers (houses) in the Eastern Fiscal Fund. Figure 21. Number of fund-raising funds (houses, as of 2022/3/22)
The problem with the growing number of public funds and investors is that the investment capacity of fund managers is difficult to identify, and there is a need for more professional and opinion-sharing on the Fund’s purchase platform, with the help of professional investment tools or advice.
Some 45.6% of investors report difficulties in selecting the fund so that they cannot hold it for a long time.
The Ten-Year Deep Farm Fund has a good reputational effect and is better able to obtain client recognition. Revenue is primarily used by end-servers, who can discount the front-end rates.
Obtaining: 1) foreclosure fees (false maids); 2) share of management fees (tail maids, approximately 40-50% of management fees); Shares/mixed, bond fund foreclosures, about 1.5%, 1.0%, management fees, about 1.5%, 0.4%; IMF, generally, does not charge requisition fees, or about 0.15%.
At the other end of the scale, if the non-contributors were calculated at 0.12 per cent, their share of sales income in 2021 would have reached 68.3 per cent, with the increase in fund-raising holdings, the lower the impact on the company ' s performance would have been able to offer lower requisition fees to attract customers and convert them.
Brokering continues to grow at a high rate, with a rapid increase in the share of the city. In 2015, companies entered the area of securities brokering through the acquisition of identical certificates (i.e., Eastern wealth securities) to achieve the second channel through which customer flows were realized. From 2016, the firm’s securities business continued to grow at a high rate.
The company provides users with services such as quick and remote openings, and provides a lower-than-average commission rate to attract long-end customers who need only stock trading functions.
The level is about 0.021% below the industry average of 0.026%, and is much lower than the coupons of Taijunan, Hinterton, and Sino-Thai securities. According to Igumi, the ratio of customers of Eastern wealth app users to consumers below 24 years of age, low- and middle-level consumers and those below 3-line cities is higher than the ratio of customers in Haitong, Kyotang, Huathai, etc.
Several stock exchange services are provided to encourage long-tailed customers to convert. To capture the characteristics of long-tail customers and the high volume of transactions, Dong-jin provides new users with a number of short-line trading tools, such as a year-long level-2 rights (with faster speed of updates, more accurate information on financial games, etc.), and core insiders (complaints, etc.)
At the same time, more diversified services are provided for higher asset-standard clients. Through ladders, investment tools are given, helping to convert customers and encouraging them to increase the size of their account assets.
The user is more dependent on your client than your partner for investment.
The information portal starts with a "equity bar" that is one of the country's first Internet-based financial interactive communities that can provide news, stock discussions, redacting, etc., to meet clients' investment needs.
3.3. Meets the need for a breakdown: a dynamic mix of operations, and a more diversified layout.
3.3.1. Businesses under the line and capital fast-tracking support are growing rapidly and the city’s share is rising steadily. It will take more than six months and 500,000 assets to open the finance coupon operation, and the client will need to be on the line.
As the company has expanded its client base rapidly in recent years, it has been able to finance a number of capital replenishments under the outreach line. The company has been actively laying down its network, which is a branch. To compensate for the lack of capital, the company was able to pay in September 2017, January 2020, and 2021.
In April of that year, a fungible finance was issued, with an accumulated investment of over $24 billion in credit transactions, and an expansion of the financing interest rate would encourage clients to open up a two-way business and raise corporate revenue. Companies are now borrowing bonds on a smaller scale. From the financing perspective alone, the average financing spread between Easters stabilized in 2019-2021.
Based on a one-stop Internet platform, corporate strategic positioning, companies actively explore new business practices to meet customer diversification financial needs. In 2015, companies acquired 27% of the FCN shares to obtain third-party payment license plates; and a subsidiary was established in 2016.
In the same year, the company set up Shanghai ' s preferred wealth and set up private fund-raising operations.
The company has been selling insurance products since 2019 and is using the Tin Fund and the Eastern Wealth Fund to direct the flow.
Price and premium insurance product sales have increased, on the one hand, arpu, and the customer sticker funds have increased their client pains. According to the National Public Fund ' s Stocktaking Report (2020), some 66.7% of investors have expressed a desire to access services and raise funds.
There is a huge demand for the market. The Sky Fund now has access to 17 public funds or securities institutions, such as Silver Schroeder, Silver and Silver, and Merchant Foundation. In 2021, the Fédération d’Affaires (Federation) acquired the Fund’s pilot qualification to allow companies to sell from the seller’s fund to a fee for services based on the size of the administration.
Figure 38. The attitude of individual investors towards the Fund’s investment in the provision of services
The Hong Kong CVM has 1/4/9 license plates that meet the customer’s basic demand for overseas securities, but the license plates and services are far less sophisticated than those offered abroad.
Huffold securities are expected to benefit fully and more from the growing demand from domestic customers for future offshore asset allocation through group flows.
We calculate the rate of exchange using the ratio of stock-based transactions to the value of the stock holding market. East wealth clients, who are mostly long-tailed customers, change hands every year.
The sales turnover, the number of active monthly users, and the annual rate of change of hands simply calculates the average asset per person of each voucher client. The size of the asset per person is much lower than that of the other coupons.
The constraints to an increase in the share of businesses are: 1) dominated by long-tail customers, who are under-age and economically weak, and whose per capita assets are well below the threshold of a financing coupon; 2) operating under the lines of the company, which has fewer layouts and insufficient capital. But as the size of the customer’s assets grows and the size of equity investment assets increases, East has become more powerful.
At the same time, companies continue to replenish their capital, expand their business lines, and make up for the lack of Internet coupons to reach their customers. We believe that companies now account for only 2.41% of the world’s two-way market, and that there is still much room for growth in the future.
4.2. The market for public funds is wide-ranging and the concentration of marketing agencies is increasing. Individual investable assets continue to grow and capital market products are flourishing. The country’s economy has been growing at a high rate in the last decade, leading to a rapid increase in personal investable assets. According to the China Private Wealth Report 2021, 2020
The size of our personal investable assets amounted to 241 trillion dollars a year, and the 10-year capr was 14.4%, well above the growth rate of gdp.
The size of the market’s products is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with the ratio of personal wealth asset allocation to the public fund selling hot, but the scale is still different from that of Japan in the United States. Between 2011 and 2021, trillion yuan, a 28.5% increase, compared to 27.9% for the decade.
The proportion of public funds increased from 4.5% in 2011 to 22.4% in 2021, but is still lower than that of the United States and Japan.
Figure 45. Net worth of public funds as a percentage of gdp. The market for public funds is expected to be golden for a decade. In 1991, the size of the net assets of the United States public funds was $1.39 trillion, or 22.6 per cent of the total.
In 1999, the size of the net public fund was $6.8 trillion, or 22.0%. The pension scheme (dcplan, 401 (k), and ira) represented an increase from 36.1% to 52.2% in 1992 and the net public fund as a share of gdp increased to 71.0%.
The country is now in the advanced stage of the introduction of pensions, and the structure of individual investments is gradually moving to capital markets. The distribution channels are dominated by the self-distribution of foundations and commercial banks, but the share of independent fund sales agencies has continued to increase and the share of equity companies and funds sold directly has reached 11 per cent by 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2021,
There are two third-party sales agencies in the top five public funds holdings. Third-party sales agencies have become one of the main channels for sales of public funds. Stock + mixed, non-monetary fund insurance has continued to rise steadily throughout 2021, reaching 8.3 per cent and 8.1 per cent, respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2021.
Add 1.4 pct, 1.5 pct at the end of the period.
Toyoshi has now built a complete financial ecology that, thanks to the professionalism of its platform, its product abundance, its client flow, fully benefits from the rapid growth in the size of the fund and is expected to continue to expand its own fund holdings and market share.
4.3. Passive funds, or the next one, have been pre-arranged, and the net inflows of the United States passive management fund for the last decade have been larger than those of proactive management. Prior to 2008, the United States Public Fund was largely managed on a proactive basis, accounting for more than 90% of the total.
Ratesetf rises and the risk tolerance of the diaspora is becoming less and more investors are losing trust in the active management of the fund. According to pamphlet statistics, about 80 per cent of the active management funds during the decade 2008-2018 account for 24.6 per cent of the year, in terms of net financial flows, the active management of the fund accelerated its outflow after 2014.
A number of asset management companies in the United States have benefited from the outbreak of index funds. The rise of passive fund management will affect the size of the Fund at higher rates, while allowing Belede, Pioneer, Dofo to do the same thing.
In 2009, Belet acquired Barclays Global Investors (bgi) and acquired the world’s largest trade platform, shaare, as the world’s largest asset management company. In 2021, Belet managed assets of $10.1 trillion.
The company’s operating income in 2021 amounted to $20,97 million, 10 funds increased volatility and pension entry or contributed to the increase in the size of the passive fund. Market style rotated faster from 2021 to the present, with most of the funds having more volatile returns, reducing investor holding experience.
At the same time, investment concepts, investment advisers are becoming more popular, and indices or etcfs are expected to be more popular as low-cost investment targets. At the same time, our index fund accounts for only 14% of non-monetary public funds, a large difference compared to the United States.
Several funds, as one of the major channels of investment, are expected to be the main investment directions for pensions. In summary, the country’s passive funds have a large future.
By March 2022, the size of the fund was approximately $5,225 million. By virtue of its own long-tail client flow advantage, the company chose a less difficult index fund, expanded the flow liquidity channel, and directed the target client to purchase, collect ransoms and management fees.
Eco-economy, the size of the Eastern Monetary Fund is expected to expand rapidly and take advantage of the future development of passive funds.
The company's business was dominated by traditional brokerage, and then became a retail leader in wealth management in the United States. Credit management is mainly directed at individuals and institutional investors for wealth and asset management services, including securities brokering, wealth management, asset management, and silver.
Businesses, hosting services, and financial advisers. Retrospectively: 1) Business model formation (1973-1992): in 1975, the United States Congress abolished the fixed commission system, while credit management went a different way, introducing the “discount broker” model, which was seized through low commissions.
Markets. At the same time, companies are ahead of their counterparts in electronic transactions and offer 24-hour offers. At this stage, companies have identified efficient and differentiated business development paths for low-servers. 2) Commission competition has increased, with a shift to a pool of assets (1993-2000): Internet fareers are diverse.
To start a price war and challenge the status of trust money. To start a transition from a broker to a pool of assets, and to launch the online transaction “eschwab” service, it breaks down the traditional line of brokerage, with a large number of customers pouring into low commission money. The company takes the lead in making a business shift.
So, to lay the foundation for later asset management and quickly expand the size of clients and assets through its own Internet technology.) To move to integrated finance and wealth management (2001-present): the United States opened up to mix in 1999
Camp, Kaguin took advantage of the layout, which enabled the company to complete the complete layout of its three pillars of securities brokerage, wealth management, retail banking. Then, the company continued to enrich its product lines according to the needs of its customers and to lower its trading rates and conduct its own business.
The company's success in moving from a vendor broker to a buyer's asset management and zero for wealth management lies in its strategic positioning and strategic change. At the beginning of the creation of credit finance, a “discounted voucher” strategy was defined to capture traditional bottom-downs through low-server and Internet transactions.
As commissions become more competitive, companies transform strategically, moving from co-financing operations to integrated financial and wealth management. Then companies continue to deepen their low-rate strategies, expand their off-line networks, strengthen third-party client systems, and eventually become the Internet.
The company’s business is currently divided into: 1) net interest earned from bank spreads, securities credit operations (equity pledge, two-way trading, etc.)
Income: 2) commission income from transaction of financial products: 3) fee for holding common funds and tf for services provided to clients.  net interest income  commission income from asset management  bank deposit account fees  other
The low commission strategy is to capture the client flow, the low commission strategy is to drag the commission’s income to scale.
And the basic cost of options reduces the commission to $2.54 per transaction in 2021.
Figure 60. Number of new clients per year (thousands) Figure 61. Number of active accounts (thousands)
On the one hand, companies attract customers, and direct them to deposit idle funds in credit banks.
Interest earnings, the company may use the money to purchase securities or bonds with a higher rate of return, or to apply the funds to credit operations to obtain interest differential income. On the other hand, the company provides financial services such as fund sales and investment consultants, in addition to the usual low-cost disciplinary operations, and charges additional services.
Clients are very effective, aum and customer assets continue to grow. High-quality customer flows, multi-dollar, comprehensive customer services, have led to aum and customer assets growing.
The size of the company ' s customer ' s assets is $4.04 trillion, an increase of 14.7 per cent over 2011 and an annual compound growth rate of $327,000. Moreover, the proportion of assets that continue to be used by the company to invest in its business has steadily increased, as shown by the growing customer recognition of corporate financial services.
Figure 62. KJFAC assets. Figure 63. KJF clients ' use of client services Aum (billions of United States dollars)
5.4. The difference between Eastern wealth and credit management lies in the diversity of the platform.
The main path to success can be summarized as: low commission rates for clients, with diversified financial eco-sustainability continuing to serve customers. The current path to the development of Eastern wealth is similar to that of credit finance, access to customer flows through information platforms, and transfer through low commission and low ransom brokerage and resale operations.
There is still a difference between Toyochi and Toyoto: 1) The current flow of cash from Toyochi is much less than Toyoto; 2) The Toyoshi clients are predominantly c-side customers, while Toyoshi also has a portion of Toyoto b customers; 3)
Katsuno's money benefits from a mixed business environment, which allows for low-cost access to finance through Kyoto Bank, while East's money remains separate because of regulatory policies. Katsuno's money and the financial environment in which it is located have grown well and will grow only marginally in the future; and the financial sector in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo is growing at a fast pace and in the long term.
We believe that high-flow, full-economy is the key to a strong financial platform. The success of credit management benefits not only from the development and policies of the United States financial sector, but also from its own “low price, innovation”
And the strategy of diversity is also proof of the “flow is king” strategy of the Internet age. For now, Dong-hee has a rich customer flow and has built a solid client base through his own branding effects. The key to his next move is how to fully realize the transformation of potential customers.
In the future, with the gradual increase in the share of Eastern Treasury, Public Fund sales, and other financial services, such as Eastern Financial Funds, Investment Platforms, and others, companies are expected to fully enjoy the dividends of our financial market development and become the Chinese version of “Trust Management.”
6. Profit forecasts and valuations Our projections for the company ' s future principal business revenues are based on the following assumptions: Brokering revenue: companies are rare targets for Internet fares, through lower commissions than industry
Rates, ease of opening online accounts, and improved financial ecology attract long-tail customers and provide diversified investment services for client transformation, and company-to-market ratios are expected to increase.
In addition, the per capita assets of the company ' s clients are significantly lower than those of their counterparts, with the growth of the client ' s age and economic capacity, an increase in the size of the resident ' s financial assets invested in assets, and an increase in the per capita income from financial e-commerce: in the broader context of wealth management, the company relies on the full value of the gold.
Ecology, abundance of fund products, low requisition rates, professional branding should be expected to fully benefit from the large-scale growth of the public fund market. We expect companies to expect that our future cost and net profit projections for companies will be based on the assumption that corporate size will work.
In 2022-2024, we expect that we will use the segment valuation method and comparable company methods to value the firm. The brokerage component will be directed to the target market and the financial e-commerce and other business segments will be directed to the standard financial software service companies:
Day-to-day round-up calculation, based on ifind data, the average consistent 2022 pe projection is growth and is valued at p30x for corporate securities operations. 2) Financial e-commerce and other operations: selection of permanent electronics, homogeneity, wealth trends, homogeneity
Floon as a comparable company uses peg as an anchor for valuation. On April 14, 2022, we expected the company to have a net profit on brokering in 2022 of $6,742 million, corresponding to pe dollars, covering the first time that the rating was “very recommended”.
1) Decreasing activity of stock-based transactions: the decline in market turnover has a direct impact on corporate revenue from brokering activities, indirectly leading to weak fund requisitions, increased foreclosures and declining holdings, resulting in lower corporate revenue from e-commerce;
(iii) The epidemic has been repeated, and the economic downturn has been more than anticipated: economic fundamentals have led to weak capital market performance, which in turn has affected corporate business income.