Shanghai Bank (601229.sh): Research brief
There is room for growth in performance, with a narrow interest differential. The total assets of the Shanghai Bank in 16 years were 1.76 trillion, an increase of 21.14 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, an increase of 4.73 per cent in income and a 10.08 per cent increase in net profit for mothers.
The difference is lower. The total assets of Shanghai banks are second in the upper city comptoirs, as shown in the 16-year three-quarters report. The absolute interest differentials are lower, but they are narrow. The future loan spreads are expected to be good, and the business differentials are due to the financial system.
The demand for credit from small and medium-sized enterprises has grown steadily as a result of the increase in capital projects, the restrictions on the issuance of corporate debt and the rising cost of bond financing. The Shanghai Bank continues to optimize its credit structure and continues to work hard to develop consumer credit.
Price stability, relatively low risk, financing needs to support advanced manufacturing, livelihood, infrastructure-related credit, and reasonable control over the delivery of real estate-related credit. The quality of assets improved significantly, better than that of colleagues.
1.17%, down 0.02 percentage points from the beginning of the year, and the negative rate peaked in mid-16 years, followed by a subsequent decline. Shanghai Bank’s assets in the listed comptoirs were of better quality and slightly lower than those in Beijing.
There have been major breakthroughs in the area of recovery, control of packing transfers, increased write-offs, reduced collection rates, and expected negative rates that will continue to fall better than those of their counterparts.
The maturity of the business liability is short-lived and the impact of the new regulations on the joint bank statement is limited.17 In February of that year, the Shanghai bank reconciliation bill was issued at a total size of $43.2 billion, with interest rates of more than 4% for different periods of time.
In the case of bonds, investments are dominated by public debt, local government debt, reduction of corporate debt, and focus on industries with a higher profile.
2. Industry weekly reports: Economic recovery, low valuation, large banks.
The total assets of the Shanghai Bank in 16 years were 1.76 trillion, an increase of 21.14 per cent from the beginning of the year. The three-quarters report shows that the total assets of the Shanghai Bank were 1.65 trillion, operating income was $26.4 billion, net gain of $10.9 billion, and the Bank of Beijing ranks second.
As a result of its relatively large volume, the Shanghai Bank’s performance grew generally, with the 16-year short-performance forecast rising by 4.73 per cent compared to 4.73 per cent and the return net profit by 10.08 per cent compared to the previous year. The lower rate of income growth was mainly affected by the decline in interest differentials. The net difference between the Shanghai Bank’s net interest rate in the third quarter of 16 years was 2.17 per cent, a downward trend. The absolute number is expected to continue to decline in the future.
The high cost of liabilities at banks in Shanghai is mainly due to higher corporate liabilities and higher pension clients among individual deposit clients. Such clients prefer medium- and long-term, fixed-term deposits that are high but stable, and hope to find higher returns on such clients in the future will also work to increase their lives.
In addition, the Shanghai Bank invested in the fund over 16 years, taking into account the return on investment, without some optimism about the trend of interest differentials, and for the time being will not affect the pace at which the loan is being disbursed. The changes are now greater. Short-term liabilities are under greater pressure, and there is a risk that interest rates on real loans will be passed on in the future.
Bank lending is more likely to take into account combined rates of return, taking into account not only underlying factors such as risk, interest rates, etc. Business is focused on providing comprehensive financial services to clients, i.e., trading banks, hosting services, M&A funds, financial consultants, legal advice, investment services, etc., in addition to meeting the financing and settlement needs of the enterprise.
Cross-border financial services are provided to businesses, including remittance services, using platforms such as Shanghai Bank, Shanghai Bank, Hong Kong Bank, and Bankers. It is expected that interest differentials in future loans will be good, and that there will be some pressure to improve in the second half of the year, owing to higher interest rates in the financial system and timing mismatch adjustments.
Figure 3: Urban comptoirs’ non-interest income increases at the same rate (16q3) The real economy’s medium- and long-term financing needs are more robust in terms of credit data in January.
In recent times, good firms have made financing arrangements, and short-term sub-contributions, financing instruments, etc., have risen, tending to borrow from banks. In the visual sense of lending, SMEs’ credit needs have been relatively stable, with no rules on how to channel them.
The overall credit growth rate is expected to be relatively stable in 17 years, with a certain degree of optimization and adjustment in structure, strong efforts to develop consumer credit (stable pricing, relatively low risk), support the financing needs of advanced manufacturing, livelihood, infrastructure-related credit, and reasonable control over the delivery of real estate-related credit.
The growth in retail consumer credit will be much higher in the future, if we start with platform lending, credit lending, and fast growing consumer loans. Loans for government capital projects are higher in real terms than the net increase observed, mainly because of the exchange and repayment of a portion of government debt. Real estate credit is concentrated in front-line cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen.
The city, where assets are of relatively healthy quality, will be better structured in the future, focusing on long-term cooperation, healthy cash flow, and controlling small and medium-sized real estate and high-leverage housing enterprises. Village banks will respond to the call of the state and will serve the small emblems.
In terms of the quality of the loans, the 16-year high performance report shows that banks in Shanghai are at a poor rate of 1.17%, a decrease of 0.02 percentage points from the beginning of the year. In the upper-city comptoirs, banks in Shanghai have a better quality of assets, a slightly lower rate than in Beijing.
All right. Shanghai Bank default peaked in mid-16 years, followed by a decline. Assets quality pressure is expected to decrease in 17 years, negative production rates are expected to drop, better than peers. Shanghai Bank has increased its treatment of poor stocks in 16 years, and there have been significant breakthroughs in collecting, controlling packing transfers, increasing write-offs, clearing up.
Business in the peer market grew faster in previous years. Over 16 years, standardized assets, such as bond investments, have been increased by initiatives based on a combination of factors such as increased portfolio allocation gains, protection against liquidity risks, and protection against regulatory compliance risks.
The effect of the new regulations is more likely to be to break the cash flow, limit the issuance of safekeeping property, harmonize standards for the regulation of the products of financial institutions of all categories, and eliminate regulatory arbitrage.
Of these, the size of the one-month period is 7 billion, the size of the three-month period is close to 40 billion, and the size of the six-month period is about 100 million, with interest rates of more than 4 per cent for all the different periods. The duration of the Shanghai Bank's joint assets and inter-employee liabilities is short-matched and the impact of the new regulations on joint holdings is limited.
It would be even better. There is a trade-off between the two forms of active indebtedness. The shares are shorter, the recent issuances are more innovative, and interest rates remain relatively high, but when combined with joint deposits, several bond investments are dominated by public debt, local government debt, and corporate debt reduction, focusing on higher profile industries.
Less than 10 billion easy financial assets are held until maturity, with no more than 5% of the current credit debt (business credit debt, asset support securities).
The Shanghai Bank has a relatively fragmented equity structure, with the first three shareholders being Shanghai Union and Investment Ltd., Shanghai International Port Group Limited, and Santander Bank Limited, Spain.
To benefit from the rapid economic development of the Shanghai region.