Taking into account the role that the agricultural industry, as a major State-owned company, will continue to play in supporting the real economy and in reducing costs and benefits in the second half of the year, there will be a temporary impact on the company's asset-end rate of return and on the increase in fees and fees, while the continued advancement of the lpr reforms in the second half of the year will further strain the company's interest differentials,
We've been downgraded to a higher corporate rating. 2 quarter interest spreads down, deposits are growing well, net interest income is growing steadily, and the increase in the provision is affecting profit performance.
In the first half of the year, the agricultural bank registered an increase of 4.95 per cent in the same year, which slowed down slightly over the first quarter (vs20q1, 7.90 per cent). Discounted, net corporate interest income, driven by a rapid increase in size (total assets increased by 11.0 per cent), remained steady, with an increase of 8.95 per cent (vs20q1, 8.85 per cent) in the same year.
The slowdown was mainly due to a decline in the rate of non-interest income. Net corporate fees lost in the first half of the year in relation to earnings and foreign exchange fluctuations were 19.4 per cent lower than in the first half of the year, raising the net profits of agricultural banks by 0.55 percentage points to 1.51 per cent in response to the epidemic.
In the first half of the year, the agricultural bank recorded a 2.24% interest gap, a decrease of 2bp on the same year. We measured a 2.01% interest gap in the agricultural sector for the first quarter of the period, down by 6bp from the first quarter, mainly under the asset-end rate of return.
Real economic development will continue to play a major role, asset-end yields will continue to decline, and we expect a small reduction in corporate interest differentials. By the end of the six-month period, the total assets of the agribusiness industry had grown faster, with a 4.2% increase in the ring, and the client structure, with personal deposits in comparison.
The impact of the epidemic on the real economy was 1.43 per cent at the end of the two-quarters and 3 bp increase in the ring, with the company ' s negative production rate of 1.2 per cent plus write-off in the two-quarters, up from 1-quarter (0.72 per cent), but not at the absolute level of negative production.
Retail loans in the agricultural sector are mostly high-quality mortgage loans (75.9%), and non-performing loans are based on a market price as of 31 August 2020, which is 80% of corporate loans.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets.
The Bank of Agriculture published its semi-annual report for 2020, with net profits equal to -10.4 per cent in the first half of 2020, with total assets of 26.5 trillion yuan (+11.0 per cent, net interest income rising steadily and the increase in the size of the provision having an impact on profitability performance The Bank of Agriculture recorded a 4.95 per cent increase in revenue in the first half of the year and a slight slowdown in the rate of increase over the first quarter (vs20q1,7.90).
Interest income, driven by a rapid increase in size (11.0 per cent over the previous year), remained robust, with an 8.95 per cent increase in the same year (vs20q1, 19.4 per cent) and increased the provision of credit from 0.96 per cent to 1.51 per cent in the first half of the year to address the potential risks to banking operations, reducing the net profit growth rate for agricultural banks from 5.7 per cent before the provision.
The agricultural bank recorded a 2.24% net interest gap in the first half of the year, a decrease of 2bp on the same year. We measured a 2.01% interest gap in the two quarters of the agricultural bank based on the end of the period, a decrease of 6bp from the first quarter, mainly a decrease in the asset end-of-end rate of return of 7bp, while the farm bank ' s end-of-debt deposit was relatively high (83.5%, 2020h), with a relatively rigid cost with a liability end-of-cycle cost of 2bp below the end of the first quarter, making it difficult to hit the bottom of the asset end-of-end gains.
For the country’s major banks, the role of the country’s policy of cutting fees and interest rates on loans will continue to play a major role in supporting the economic development of the entity, the asset-end rate of return will continue its downward trend, and we expect the company’s interest differential will continue to shrink slightly. By the end of the six months, the total asset size of the agricultural estate increased by 11.0 per cent/0.94 per cent in the same ring, and the loan ring increased by 2.86 per cent in the second quarter, faster than the size of the asset, and by the beginning of the comparison.
A 1.2 percentage point to 52.7 per cent increase in liabilities, a 4.2 per cent increase in loan deposits in the second quarter of the agricultural sector and a 4.43 per cent increase in the client structure, due to the impact of the epidemic on the real economy, a 1.43 per cent increase in the agricultural sector at the end of the second quarter, and a 3bp increase in the ring. According to our calculations, the negative yield of the company ' s write-off over the second quarter was 1.2 per cent, up from 1 quarter (0.72 per cent), but not higher than the absolute level.
Structurally, since most of the retail loans in the agricultural sector are better-quality mortgage loans (75.9%), 80% of the non-performing loans are in the public sector. By the end of the six-month period, the balance of loans/deprived loans for companies that are more than 90 days overdue was 58% (vs2019q4,59.7%).
Prior net profits have been growing steadily. In both quarters, the size of the company's deposits has grown faster, and the books have gone up slightly, but they have been poorly identified, and the quality of the capital has generally stabilized. Given the possibility of a narrow interest margin and the increased capacity to make provision for the second half of the year, we have reduced the company's performance to “geese head” in terms of supporting the real economy and reducing the cost concessions in the second half of the year, and will continue to play a role as a “geese head” for the company's asset end-of-end rate and fee revenue.
While growth will have a temporary impact, sustained progress in the second half of the year in the reform of the lpr will further strain the firm’s interest differentials, so we downgrade the firm’s rating to higher. Downside the economy leads to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thereby affecting the bank’s profitability.