Shinjiyama's evidence is a source of five grains of water (000858.sz) that is designed and determined.
According to the relevant media reports on micro-drinks, alcohols, etc., the Five Grains branding industry has published "Concerns for Precision, no one-size-fits-all, effective market priorities in the near future."
\triangleright. The circular highlights the need for marketing districts to take the epidemic into account, organize their work around the quarter, focus on market research and analysis, optimize plan quotas, and speed up market costs in the near future.
Five tasks, namely, reporting, timely delivery of end-point credits and effective enhancement of customer services, (1) strengthening market research and analysis: focusing on consumer marketing, by capturing accurate market dynamics that would give companies the lead in seizing compensatory consumption opportunities in the aftermath of the epidemic.
(ii) Strengthening the optimization of the quota of the plan: precision, no one-size-fits-all approach, the company's request to the marketing community to strengthen the March plan quota adjustment plan, the classification of distributors, science, precision, and no one-size-fits-all approach. This will not only reduce the pressure of some dealers, but also enable them to do so.
Total market value (billions): 4790 strong distributors take initiative and do deep markets: (3) accelerated market cost validation: two work days completed, company marketing areas were to report distributors in 2019 by 22 February
Basic data: 30 September 2019 Reported market costs, New Year ' s Day ' s spring 2020 activity costs, and the company will do so within two working days of the date of arrival of the dealer ' s notes. Quick write-off of market costs.
Net asset rate of return: end-of-service composite indicator rankings for the period of 18.87 per cent reward programme implementation, to be implemented quickly and accurately in each marketing area, as required by the programme, to ensure that the prizes are fully honoured within February; (5)
The company has held a number of thematic meetings to suggest that the main targets of New Year’s Spring Day are good marketing, supply, marketing, inventory, etc.
It is expected that the marketing targets for the season will be fully met. In addition, the company has clearly proposed an enhanced plan, a channel, a “three optimizations” of the ITC-A structure at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, to upgrade the market response level, and to speed up the mechanisms, teams, digitalization “III”.
In Beijing, the city's west-city district, Central China, 28 Sinrich Street, has been transformed to enhance organizational resilience, to fully stimulate organizational dynamism and team strength, and to promote the 7th floor of the inter-centre.
We believe that there is a solid basis for achieving this goal, with Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., supported mainly by research from sources that show that corporate repayments during the spring season have taken over the annual plan.
During the Spring Festival, overall marketing was good; the epidemic had less impact on the high-end white wine, and the company was back in business, actively and quickly responding to ensure that the year’s targets remained intact. Although the new epidemic was currently under way, the short-term impact on the alcohol industry was now white.
\triangleright liquor batch prices fall short, for example, by about $200, without periodic changes, and in the long run the epidemic will accelerate the shift in consumption in the white industry.
Liquor companies such as Mao Dai, 5 grain fluids, and Xiangzhou old cellars all say that companies will maintain their plans throughout the year, highlighting alcohol confidence. At the same time, corporate channels and management capacity are improving, with year-round targets: the risk of an epidemic exceeding expectations; the risk of food security; and the high price of alcohol as a result of macroeconomic downsides.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.