Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, five grains of liquid: precision, practical rules of response.
In the recent past, the Department of Five Foods and Liquids has issued a circular for marketing districts on the need for precision advice, no one-size-fits-all, and effective market focus in the near future. The circular requires: 1) Increased survey and analysis of sales by distributors and terminals, particularly with regard to consumer sales.
To prepare for compensatory consumption in advance of the epidemic. 2) The marketing zones are required to strengthen the March quota adjustment plan, with three types of distributors, scientific experts, and no one-size-fits-all. The emphasis is on supporting capable, well-stocked and self-intentioned distributors; for those with the ability to be close.
(c) Expedite the write-off of the dealer’s operating costs up to the end of New Year’s Spring, with the requirement that the paper arrives in the second two cases.
Completion of validation within working days. 4) End-of-pipe composite indicator ratings issued on 17 February compared to incentives for implementation of the total equity/flow (millions of shares) programme, implemented within February. 5) Change of style, focus on market dynamics, enhancement and passivity
Vendor terminals communicate with temperature and effectively address market issues. Optimize March quota, precision advice, write-off of costs, incentives to deliver speed lifts, effective mitigation of distribution of 5 grain fluids (000858) " 5 grain fluids: integrated measures "
The company's current circular, which continues the framework of the response proposed at the first week of the section, is more detailed, scientific, and field-based. We believe that the classification adjusts the distributor's plans,
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
To meet the needs of powerful distributors, a more scientific allocation of quotas would also help to stabilize the subsequent market price order.
One or five of the circulars require salesmen to report three-quarterly reviews: high-end alcohol is being released faster, high-speed adaptation is being made to the working characteristics of the current epidemic prevention and control environment, closer to the distributors and terminals.
Companies do not shy away from the impact of the current epidemic on the market, objective assessment, scientific and positive response, but rather from the impact of the current epidemic.
Rapidly adopting sophisticated, practical policies that help to reduce the pressure on channel funds, boost the confidence of the channel, and at the same time pre-empt market opportunities after the epidemic, and prepare for it. An epidemic has made many companies aware of the importance of information and digitization of business management, while the five grains are long overdue.
Since his inauguration in 2017, Chairman Lee Jong-gwang has elevated the digital enabler transition to corporate strategy, and the full-channel digital operating platform has been in place in 19 years. Five grains: the Group’s 100 billion targets are in danger, and the next year’s fixes are on track.
The company has a strategic vision of early deployment and geo-economic market responses, which, after assessment, maintain a double-digit growth goal. We believe that the impact of the epidemic is short-term, and suggest that investors focus on the longer- and longer-term factors and capture the stock prices of leading high-quality companies.
The epidemic led to a more than expected reduction in demand, and the company's high-end liquor sales slowed down.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report