We've put in place a policy of support and active response to the epidemic, and the year's goal is to show business confidence.
Incidents: According to alcoholists, companies issue circulars on precision advice, no one-size-fits-all, and effective implementation of market priorities in the near future, strengthening support for distributors during and after the epidemic, in terms of optimization of quotas, market cost validation, distributioner classification, and strengthening of customer services.
The impact of the epidemic on sales during the season is limited from the company, as the sales of white wine were completed before the festival. According to New Year's Day, sales were good overall and fully completed during the season. According to the wine industry, the Chinese traders have almost completed the seventh and second generation of the first quarter of the season.
Eight-Dip Five sales missions, some of which advance the February contract plan. Overall, overall marketing and inventory maintenance. Enabling strategies are set with precision and speed. According to media disclosures, companies give to distributors.
Enabling policies emphasize market fine management, tailor-made and flexible support based on the dealer’s actual situation, thereby optimizing the planned quota. On the other hand, speeding up the approval of market costs (completed within two working days) will help speed the cash flow back from the dealer and ease the pressure on the pipeline.
Increased client services, increased efforts to address market issues, and greater market confidence among distributors will facilitate post-epidemiological efforts. At the internal meeting in early February, it was suggested that the development goals should be maintained, and that the “stable progress, control, and control” should be maintained.
We believe that corporate reform will go further in the process of the new crown epidemic.
Keeping the “buy-in” investment proposal is expected to be 27 times, 23 times and 19 times higher, respectively.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.