The first products for the resumption of work were released, with a quota adjustment for compensatory consumption - the five-food fluids (000858) event: according to media reports, the first products for the resumption of work last week were sent from the EBN headquarters.
After an orderly resumption of work, the first products to be delivered to low-level stocks throughout the country. In the run-up to the post-epidemic consumption opportunities, the five fluids took the lead in adjusting quota allocations to ease pressure on channels, pre-empting terminal incentives to ease pressure on dealers’ cash flow.
Without a single-size-fits-all approach, and with regard to quota optimization, companies propose the following approach: to reduce the planned quota in a timely manner for those dealers that are capable, strong, well-stocked and willing to do so; and to reduce the planned quota in a timely manner for those who are capable but under pressure to start marketing in the near future.
Short-term liquidity-difficult distributors, with financial firms and cooperative banks, provide customized financial support. Moreover, no simple block-buying target missions to distributors should be allowed.
In the context of the further extension of the Aoyang-woo Sword, the Five Grains have taken the lead in adjusting quota allocations to meet better market demand through prioritization, while customizing financial support policies to ease pressure and release channels.
In addition, end-of-end incentives were paid in the past April/May ahead of February to facilitate cash flow pressure by dealers, while the completion of insurance coverage for market costs by distributors within two working days shows that corporate services are becoming more efficient and more healthy in the long run.
Zhang Xingxing, the company’s year-round goals are expected to be met. The current round of the epidemic has only temporarily curbed the consumption scene, and despite the current short-term pressure, the post-epidemiological retaliatory consumption will be part of the loss, and the five grains will be replaced by a national plan.
In addition, the impact of the epidemic is expected to be reflected in the second quarter of the year, owing to the good overall marketing during the spring of New Year’s Day. In the long run, the benefits of the gradual release of dividends from the reform of the channel, the continuous return of brand values, and the completion of the product matrix will continue.
The company will move into a high-quality growth phase, with good potential in the high-end liquor market and greater scope for future growth.
We're keeping up with the "Standing Up" rating, 15th floor of the Central China International Center, 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, and China.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.