On February 07, 2020, according to the wine industry, the Five Grains Group held three consecutive thematic meetings from 2 to 5 February.
Research on disease control and enterprise development emphasized that companies would stay firmly focused on development goals, continue to adhere to the “one control three plus” approach that was developed at the beginning of the year, further sharpen the “three optimizations”, accelerate the “three transformations” and promote growth of more than two digits throughout the year.
According to the channels, the company's overall sales were good during the spring season, the pre-season sales were almost complete, the impact of the epidemic was limited, the five-food fluids and a series of liquor were doubled, and the company's sales goal was largely met.
Stable, with plans to maintain double-digit growth throughout the year, and to keep the main product of the five grains in place, with price control at its core, close to terminal data, and optimize the quota; 2) enhanced channels, fine-tuning construction and management, promoting synergies and increasing supply along the digital marketing promotion line
Chain finance supports better service lines; 3) continuously optimizes the product structure to ensure a “triple time”, achieves high-end + series of wines and raises brand value. We believe that the current batch price is stable at about $900-910, and that, despite the expected slowdown after the onset of the epidemic, it is low five.
Against the backdrop of the price differentials of 1,000 yuan and the continued efficiency of channel reforms, it is expected that the positive price targets will still be better achieved; when the epidemic is effectively contained, the company’s national day, mid-autumn holidays or the coming of a clear “cost-free rebound”, strong brand power, diversified marketing strategies, coupled with improved management of the channel, can be effective
The core competitiveness is strong, and firms can grow at a steady and high-quality pace. Since 17 years, when Lee’s “second entrepreneurship” was mentioned, firms have continued to deepen their internal reforms and become more efficient.
In the long run, corporate competitiveness has been highlighted, mainly in the case of 1) the accelerated impact of the epidemic industry shuffling, the Department of Public Administration, as a leader in managerial competence, maintaining business relations, stabilizing profit from the pipeline, and spending 1, " Five grains and fluids " (000858): peak seasons.
High performance in such areas as terminally benign digestion of inventory is expected to continue to generate demand for price validation with competitive prices, and the reform dividend is being released continuously; 2) corporate management is rejuvenated and strong and high in management as a result of personnel reform
2019-10-31, expected to increase implementation effectively in the future, and companies will continue to release change dynamics. 3) Firms have strong brands and a series of alcohol strategies have been upgraded and are expected to be driven by the Five Foods and Liquids brands in the future
As a result of the change, the company grew in the new millennium. Overall, the firm’s core competitiveness is high, and it is expected to continue to benefit from rising consumption and high-quality growth prospects in the future.
As expected, the dividends of the reform continue to be released and, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board is in place.