Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, five-food fluids: a comprehensive response to the epidemic, with no change in year-round growth targets Events: A series of thematic meetings and a series of fragrances this week.
During New Year’s Spring Day, it was revealed that the overall marketing situation was good, with major targets such as pipelines, marketing, stocks, etc., meeting expectations and fully meeting the target of the season’s sales. It was also judged that the emerging epidemic had had a significant short-term impact on the white wine industry, but that there would be no cyclical change.
The trend toward high-quality, centralized, and high-end growth in the white wine industry will not change. Promote a growth rate of more than double digits throughout the year.
Consistent with the guidelines given at the 1218th Congress. In response to the changes in demand for consumption caused by the epidemic, the Department proposes a number of targeted measures to improve the overall market response: first, price regulation.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) optimized and reconciled for focus, planned; 2nd further boost and depth of the front line total market value/flow (millions)
Cooperation, promotion of digital new retailing, adaptation to new changes in consumption, expansion of channel supply chain finance up to 12 months/minimum ($) support to address possible financial pressures; third, new demand for household and home consumption, enhanced
At the same time, the company continues to emphasize accelerated mechanisms, team and digital transformation, with a five-food fluid (000858) and a renewed organizational response capacity in 2019.
Three-quarterly reviews: Accelerating the delivery of high-end alcohol and sustaining high growth - good delivery and sales by 2019/10/31, with low pipeline stock, contributing to the next response
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-F
High-capacity arrivals are faster. The overall channel stock is currently essentially less than one month, and 80% of the drops are estimated to have been sold at the end of the day.
We believe that the current state of light-loading is enough for companies to deal with the follow-on market: the Group’s 100 billion-dollar target is secure, and the next year’s plan is steady and steady.
In a context where the short-term white wine industry is affected by the epidemic, companies still maintain double-digit growth targets, reflecting the limited impact of the current epidemic on the company, its strong resilience to risk and its ability to respond, as well as its anti-resilient consumption after the epidemic has passed.
Before the festival, the White wine stock was adjusted as a whole, the company's stock prices were adjusted from before the festival to the present, and the epidemic led to a more than expected reduction in demand, and the company's high-end liquor sales slowed down.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.