Five-food fluids are ready to do what they want and keep their targets in order. - Five-food fluids (000858) event: According to media reports, the five-food fluid branding department has recently issued a press release to all marketing areas.
The circular shows that the five grains present a five-point focus on the marketing zones: 1) Strengthening market research and analysis, with a focus on consumer marketing.
(b) Strengthening of the March plan quota adjustment plan, classification of distributors and scientific precision, without a single-size-fits-all approach;
5) Effective strengthening of customer services, listening to market advice, practical solutions. Furthermore, prior to this, the company stated that it would align the current situation with the “three optimizations” and speed up the “three transformations” and promote the entire year's battalion, on the basis of adherence to the “one control plus” approach developed at the beginning of the year.
Ouyang Woo's sword keeps growing by more than two digits. We believe that the measures proposed by the company are always centred around distributors and end-users, with a strong focus on stabilizing the product price system while stabilizing market confidence.
The five grain fluids have been fully recommenced, and the year-round target is expected to be met steadily.
Stable, low stock pressure, high speed of delivery, and strong support for distributors, are expected to be less affected by the epidemic, and the rest of the season is expected to cover the amount lost during the epidemic. In the long run, benefits from the gradual release of dividends from the reform of the channel, the continued return of brand values, and production.
As the matrix continues to improve and the profit from the channels improves, the company will move into a phase of high-quality growth, with good potential in the high-end liquor market and greater potential for future growth.
We're keeping up with the "Standing Up" rating, 15th floor of the Central China International Center, 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, and China.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a tax-free trader on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.