Multiple and steady batch prices, higher digital marketing - dynamic tracking of five grains (000858) events: influenced by small price fluctuations, increased market concerns, higher volatility in overseas markets, etc.
While corporate stock prices have fluctuated considerably in the recent past, batch prices are expected to be stable in the context of companies’ ongoing price stabilization initiatives, short-term bulk price fluctuations are normal, and the value of investments is highlighted by the fall in valuations. Moreover, the company’s recent online presence in “Cloud Shops” marks a further step forward in the company’s digital marketing.
The company's prices have been stable and stock healthy in recent times. According to the dealer's feedback, the last eight-generation five-generation batches have been maintained at more than $900, while the impact of the epidemic in some parts of the country has led to near standstills in terminal sales, high liquidity pressure on distributors, resulting in short-term prices below $900, and short-term batch prices.
Volatility is normal, and batch prices are expected to continue to remain stable against a background of a combination of firm measures; on the stock side, stocks in major areas remain healthy for about a month.
Following a firm bid and sales promotion initiative, the company recently launched a series of initiatives: 1) The company stopped receiving bank drafts from 25 March (the company is steadily decreasing in conjunction with the actual tight control of the use of drafts).
(c) Follow-up of the previous strategy, with the strengthening of the quota adjustment in March;
Zhang Xingxing has done a great deal of work and will be more systematic this year, and the company has arranged to deploy it since Spring Festival; (5) To further the digital transformation, the company has recently come online to control the company's channels.
We believe that companies have been active and pragmatic in the aftermath of the outbreak, and that a series of price-fixing initiatives have helped companies to keep their channels stable, to achieve a price-free sale, and, once the epidemic has been contained, to have a stable price and healthy stock of channels that allows companies to make a firm price-fixing exercise. In addition, the epidemic,
Post-consumption opportunities combined with the release of the reform dividend will also guarantee the achievement of the company ' s year-round performance targets, with the company ' s recent valuation coming back and the value of its investments coming to the fore.
We're keeping up with the "Standing Up" rating, 15th floor of the Central China International Center, 1,000th of Shanghai, China, China, and China.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.