Performance met expectations, and the market value appraisal accelerated the revaluation of the value
As at the end of the reporting period, the net flow of cash from corporate operations had increased by $20,412 million, compared with $35,723 million in 2022, mainly due to an increase in cash payments for goods purchased and services received during the reporting period.
2.03 trillion yuan in packages, an increase of 8.82 per cent over the same period; 2,559,946 million yuan in new green contracts, an increase of 34.24 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the company's continued practice of green ideas, “double carbon” requirements, and the growing influence of green green industry markets; 29,684 million yuan in new planning consultancy contracts, an increase of 0.78 per cent over the same period; and new labour.
Industrial manufacturing contracts of $41,753 million, an increase of 11.88 per cent, new contracts of $17,959 million, and new contracts of material logistics and industry finance have declined. In terms of breakdown, new construction contracts of $1.16 trillion were signed by companies in 2023, an increase of 23.61 per cent, and new mining contracts of $13,579 million.
Mainly, the company is following up on the national water network construction plan and continuously strengthening projects such as flood prevention, water resources, soil conservation and ecological construction; newly signed airport engineering contracts, $6,827 million, representing an increase of 12.90 per cent; new electricity engineering contracts, $131,459 million, representing an increase of 9.00 per cent; new railways, roads, urban tracks, municipalities
On 24 January 2024, the CNR proposed to further study the incorporation of market value management into the performance appraisal of central enterprise managers.
Heads of enterprises pay more attention to the market performance of companies with held shares, transmit confidence and stabilize expectations in a timely manner through the application of market-based growth, buy-backs, etc., and increase cash dividends and returns to investors.
The implementation of this policy will help to raise the level of market-based performance of construction firms and promote their availability and rapid growth in water and water transport.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.