Purchased Starmaker for audio and socialization, five major rules of operation, 1st of March 2021, Zhang Liangwei.
▪ Events: On 27 February, the company published a 20-year performance report, which, according to the announcement, achieved operating income of $2.77 billion (yoy-24.93 per cent) over 20 years in Kuala Lumpur and a net return profit of $4.78 billion (yoy+269 per cent), which fell into the previous performance forecast; while the company announced a proposed revenue of $1,395 million
The RMB buys 60.5% of the stock of the Stargroup. grindr investment returns contribute to a significant increase in net profits, and the overall game business remains robust. The investment business, with its 20 years of excellent investment performance, contributes to a significant increase in net profits, ending the reporting period.
In addition to the $2.95 billion in investment returns generated by the sale of the stock of Chenggrindr, the participating company performed well, with the investment of Dada in 2015 listed in the United States, with the company holding about 1.1% of the stake after issuance, and with the performance gains resulting from the increased Ponyai market valuation.
The company, which launched its self-research mborpg product, the Senkang Man's mobile version, for 20 years, has brought about an increase in the flow of water, and is currently preparing products such as the Tower of Sacred Land and the Holy Land 2, which foresees 21 years of progressive contribution performance; in leisure play business, there is a steady level of recreational performance.
User quality and platform stickyness are raised. The game business as a whole remains robust. Twenty years of active revenue for the company, $2.77 billion, a decline in comparison, mainly due to the natural decline in old game currents and the sale of grindr, is expected to grow rapidly with the January 21 year operating income of the company.
In November of 20 years, the company announced that it would take control of the Internet platform in emerging markets. The browsers under the flag of third-party independent browsers are ranked second in the world and in rapidly growing emerging markets such as South-East Asia and Africa.
According to the higher market share, the number of active users in the global month of Oela as of July 2020 amounted to 379 million.1, Kunlund Wanwi (300,418), Transfers with large-scale users, companies actively enrich the platform's ecology through diversified operations, including overseas “Today”.
The controlling subsidiary grindrlnc. Equity, the day headlines, "operanews, Internet finance appaay, etc., while the company marches to Europe at the same time as the high-value net market, which is dependent on a high-frequency browser, is doing power-market business.
Launching the Follow-up Investment Space 2020-03-08 Growth of Networked Ecology, Opra is expected to be the new growth pole of the company.
At the same time, on 27th of the month, it was announced that it was proposed to purchase 60.5% of the stock of the Stargroup at 1395 million yuan and hold 19.35% of the priority shares through the holding of the stockholding subsidiary, holding a total of 80% of the equity.
3- "Quinlon Wanway (300418): Spring Festival: 90.71 million net profits by 2020, accompanied by performance commitments for 21-23 years of withholding of non-net profits " .
Not less than RMB 192 million, RMB 230 million, RMB 276 million. The Stargroup has a “Starmaker” audio social platform, with over 50 million active users per month, according to a visual report, in the field of entertainment socialization to seatop 3, with more than 60 million downloads worldwide in 2020 and a wide range of users.
In South-East Asia, the Middle East, Europe and America and the Americas, which cover more than 100 countries around the world, monthly revenues amount to more than $10 million, mainly through a live feed, and trends in benefiting industries, the number of active users of Starmaker in the future has high growth space with arpu.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: company popra, stargroup, gameark, recreation, 100 million yuan, corresponding to p13x, 10x, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.