Haekangway (002415): Traditional security.
Recently, in our countries, such companies as Safe Cities, Smart Cities, Skynet Works and Snowlight Projects, we have been using video-centric smartware networking solutions and big data service providers that focus on integrated security.
Public security, transport, finance, government, and business have been working together to implement security projects. Prevention, big data services, and smart business.
4%. Mainly affected by insufficient demand from the public security sector and fewer landing projects. Looking ahead, public security remains the top priority of the administration, despite the pressure on the Government’s fiscal revenue and expenditure, and the related expenditure is expected to be secured.
Revenue prevention will continue to increase steadily. 2 - Corporate innovation is growing, and the future is worth looking forward to. In recent years, companies have increased their investment in research and development, building up architecture and building product development models.
In 2019, smart household sales generated $2,592 million, and robotics sales.
The company’s innovation business is currently under active exploration and has already yielded some results. But the market as a whole has not yet broken out, and the company’s ability to build a new market has not yet been proven, and we can see it.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: Corporate business income growth has increased steadily over the last three years, and the Māori rate has increased steadily. Corporate security has remained stable, and innovation is being explored, and the future is worth looking forward to.
Research assistant: Wei Zong, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Heiconway (002415). Traditional security is growing, and innovative business is worth looking forward to.
1. Heaconway Vision: Video-centred smart-material networking solutions and big data service providers. Heaconway was established in 2001 as the first leader of the security industry, starting with security surveillance cards and dvr operations, for many years.
At present, it has become a video-centric smartness network solution and a big data service provider, focusing on integrated security, large numbers, services and smart business, building open cooperative ecology, serving public service users, business users and small- and medium-sized enterprise users, and working to build intelligent cities and digital enterprises that integrate cloud edges, objects and intelligence.
In the area of integrated security, according to the omdia1 report, Heconway has been the world's leading video surveillance industry for eight consecutive years, with 24.1%2 of the world's share of the market. In a&s Security Automation's “50 Top of Global Security” list, Heconway has been a global security guard for four consecutive years. In the area of big data services, Heconway sees a digital integration platform that provides a wide range of industries with “multi-network convergence, cross-domain integration”
Data gathering, governance, and excavation services. In the field of smart business, the Haekangwee industry is intelligent, serving deep industries such as smart cities, safe cities, smart traffic, digital businesses, intelligent communities, etc.
According to the company ' s 2019 report, the share of income from the company ' s emerging business was relatively high. In 2019, income from the public service group (pbg), which was mainly from traditional government security, was $15.6 billion, or 41 per cent, while income from the government-oriented enterprise group was $12.6 billion, or 34 per cent; and revenue from the SME industry was $9.4 billion, or 25 per cent.
Figure 1: Haekangway's 2019 income chart.
Video security is widely applied in a number of industries, and can be divided into two main categories according to the application: engineering, mainly in the public sector, financial institutions, orbital traffic, etc., represented by the Public Prosecution Act; and consumer, mainly in shops, businesses, individuals, etc. As global political and economic developments take place, social and private security awareness and demand are becoming stronger, adding to the proliferation of defense industries around the globe.
Security industries are entering a fast-growing cycle. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, global security industries in 2017 reached $257 billion, an increase of 8.9 per cent over the same period, and advanced markets, such as the United States and the European Union, have matured and stabilized into industrial upgrading and stock substitution cycles; China, India, Latin America and the Caribbean.
Developing countries such as Canada, South-East Asia, where economic growth has been strong, fiscal spending, diversification of economic development, social stability, and industrial upgrading have contributed to rapid growth in the security sector. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the global security sector market was estimated to be $352.6 billion in size by 2022, corresponding to a growth rate of 6.4%.
As an important component of the security sector, the video surveillance sub-sector market has accelerated, with the global security surveillance frequency market of $33.57 billion in 2017, according to His, and is expected to reach $63.98 billion in 2020, with a compound annual growth rate of 22.76%.
In recent times, public security, transport, finance, government and enterprises have been cooperating in the implementation of security projects under such policies as “Safe City”, “Wise City”, “Tiannet Project” and “Snowlight Project.” According to China's Security Network, the size of the domestic security market reached $648 billion in 2017, with an industry growth rate of 14.8%; in addition, under China's Security Sector Development Plan, “135” (2016-2020)
In 2019, the company’s traditional public security portfolio (pbg) generated 15.6 billion dollars, an increase of 4% from the same year. Mostly, it was affected by insufficient demand from the public security sector, with fewer landing projects.
We expect a steady increase in the company’s traditional security revenues. East’s financial and intellectual boom, Sea Congrats (002415).
Over the past three years, the company has been building a unified software architecture, standardizing and standardizing its components, and putting in its component libraries what various departments and different software development teams have done.
With regard to front-end applications, Haikang is faced with the problem of debrisization, opening up many lines of business and opening up innovations. The new business of video-based fluorescent networks, seacom robots, seacom cars, seacomm intellectual storage, seacom microfilm, seacom fire, etc.
In 2019, smart household sales generated 2,592 million yuan, robotic sales revenue of $814 million, automobiles electronics, intellectual storage,
In 2019, the company set up an innovative operation for seacomb fire, seacollard security, and further increased the content of the innovative business, and the business development ladder for the innovative business has begun to be formed.
In short, corporate innovation is in the process of being actively explored, with some success. But the market as a whole has not yet broken out, and the ability of companies to build new markets has not yet been proven, and we can see it.
Corporate business income has grown steadily over the last three years, and the Māori rate has risen steadily. The company’s traditional security operations have remained stable, and innovation is being explored, and the future is to be expected. We expect the company to earn 634, 717 and 82.4 billion, respectively, between 2020 and 2022.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Heconway (002415). Traditional security is growing. Innovative business is worth looking forward to.
Research in the industry creates values.
The research assistant provides an overview of the research opinion of the researcher himself.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.