High-pessimistic expectations of performance, the “Fishstone Network” is to be removed from the market: on 27 April 2020, Heiconway published 2019 and 2020 I, and in 2019 the company achieved a revenue of $57,658 million, an increase of 15.69 per cent;
The net return to the mother was 12,415 million yuan, an increase of 9.36 per cent over the same period. In 2020 q1, the company achieved a revenue of 9,429 million yuan, a decrease of 5.17 per cent over the same year, a net gain of 1,496 million yuan for the mother, a decrease of 259 per cent over the same year, and a net gain of 1,469 million yuan, a figure comparable to that of the same period the previous year. In addition, the company issued an indicative bulletin on the pre-market preparation of authorized companies to split up their subsidiaries.
In 2019, the company achieved operating income of $57,658 million, an increase of 15.69 per cent over the previous year. Public \triangleright achieved operating income of $15,586 million for the pbg operations of the service community, an increase of 4.09 per cent over the same period.
Fewer; the business group ebg achieved business income of $12,591 million, an increase of 23.88 per cent over the same year, mainly because of the higher demand for digital transformation of businesses, and companies whose overseas earnings are more affected by the economic situation and business environment in various countries and regions, with North America continuing to experience negative growth, mainly as a result of United States export controls. q1, in 2020, the company achieved revenue of $9,429 million, a decrease of 5.17 per cent.
In the field of infrared imaging in the polar layout, combined with factors such as the low base of q1 last year, the company’s performance has not decreased significantly. Wang Sato has grown 2.54 percentage points, mainly because of the improved product structure resulting from the upgrading of intelligence.
\triangleright has been steadily upgrading its three main business sections, aicloud’s ability to expand. To better respond to market demand, Heiconway launched a restructuring of its business structure in 2018, realigning its resource allocation and dividing domestic operations into public service groups, pbg, enterprise groups, ebg, and small and medium-sized enterprise groups, smbg. Public, 2019.
The Division's three main lines of business have been steadily upgraded. Pbg is active in dealing with market opportunities for the optimal upgrading of public services, providing a holistic urban-level solution of “sense plus data plus awareness”, setting up a smart city base of wisdom, and setting up a large urban data hub and a city operations management centre. The company's ebg operations are based on alcloud architecture, creating digital enterprise solutions that integrate traditional informatization systems, equipment facilities, smart scenes, and helping businesses to build digital birthing.
On the smbg side, the company created the Haikong Clouds Business Platform, which has over 3 million downloads, covering over 400,000 security practitioners. In 2019, Heikangway saw the alcloud structure injecting more products into it and continuously improving the marginal nodes, marginal areas, and the Sindh Stock Company.
The central layout of the Cloud Center has expanded its single client products and services and increased its collection.cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
In 2019, the company’s innovative business began to flourish. The Fluorescent Network proposed the construction of a “1+4+n” smart home iot ecology, open access to and control over the environment, smart video and other subsystems, and full house intelligence in homes, offices, shops, schools, hotels, etc. In the case of oceanic mobile robotics, a series of third-generation products has been successfully produced, and a series of products can now cover the application needs of 5kg to 200 kgg.
With regard to the Heikang motor electronics business, the company has further promoted the deployment of the ai technology in the vehicle scene and has launched a second generation of advanced assistive driving systems for the commercial car market. The company’s smart video equipment in the car is widely used in domestic commercial vehicles, with more than 170,000 units installed and put into operation as of 2019, with a combined growth rate of 252% in 2017-2019. In the case of the smart storage business, the company has introduced a high-reliability, wide-temperature industrial class ssd, which is capable of meeting the needs of the better.
At the same time, the company has launched a new business block, the Haikang Fire, a complete fire line, and a number of solutions for traditional fire, smart fire and fire operations. The company’s six major business ventures have opened up and grown, creating effective synergies with the main industry, supporting clients with more productive applications, and creating new technologies and technologies that provide new impetus for the company’s long-term sustainability.
On 23 April, the company considered the adoption of a bill authorizing the company to operate to initiate pre-market preparations for the segmentation of subsidiaries in the country. The initiation of pre-market preparation for the split company’s flystone network would help to broaden the financing of the fluorescent network, support its ongoing research and development and operational input, and enhance the company’s continued profitability and core competitiveness.
Investment proposals: Hyconway’s hypermarket pessimistic expectation of performance of q1 is that, while the epidemic has had an impact on security operations, the company has been completely upgraded around aicloud, with its three major business plates, where ai's ability to raise Māori performance and iron its performance. We have a strong eye for long-term development of the Sea Convergence.
\triangleright Figure 2: Oceanview R & D Costs (billions of dollars) Figure 3: Marine and Net Interest Rates by Sea Conway
Figure 4: Oceanowed R&D costs and cost rates (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Oceanowed cost during period Figure 6: Oceanowed operating income and cash flow inflows (millions of dollars)
Figure 7: Sea Conway net profits and operating net cash flows (millions of dollars) Figure 8: Sea Convey stock (billions of dollars, days) Figure 9: Sea Convey accounts receivable (billions of dollars, days)
Fang Jing, a leading student at the Xian University of Electronics and Technology, has nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, and has foreign experience in the field of semiconductors and consumer electronics, including Texas instruments, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also known in the country as the semiconductor business that hatched in 19; the Crystal Ball 2/3 in 18/19; and the Golden Bull Award 3/2 in 18/19 in the electronics sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.