On the 26th of April 2020, the impact of the epidemic was limited and robust.
On the evening of 24 April, the company released its Annual Report 2019 and its Report for the first quarter of 2020.In 2019, the company achieved a revenue of 57,658 million yuan, an increase of 15.69 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of 124.15 million yuan, an increase of 9.36 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved a revenue of 9,429 million yuan.
RMB, 5.17 per cent decline in the same year; net return to the mother is 1,496 million yuan, or 2.59 per cent decrease in the same year; supply of materials for enhanced products is stable, and research and development continues to increase the response to external uncertainties Market value in circulation (million yuan):
In 2019, as a result of China-United States trade frictions and domestic macroeconomic downsides, corporate performance was subject to US export controls, and companies significantly increased their material readiness. In response to technological and external environmental changes, companies continued to increase their R & D inputs, with R & D costs rising from 7.62% in 2017 to 2019.
In 2019, pbg earned 15,586 million yuan, an increase of 4.09 per cent over the previous year, largely affected by insufficient demand in the public security sector; ebg earned 12,591 million yuan, an increase of 23.88 per cent over the same period, and business digitalization.
Demand shows; smbg earns $9,356 million, an increase of 23.38% over the same period, which is growing faster, mainly as a result of the release of stocks in 2018. In innovation business, smart households earn $2,592 million, an increase of 58.38% over the same period; robotics earn $814 million, an increase of 23.88% over the same period; and others.
In 2019, the company set up a business development ladder for the management of sea and sea health and safety. In line with the overall strategy, the business development ladder has been set up.
In conjunction with the operational development needs of Hangzhou Firestone Network Ltd., the Board of Directors has authorized the start-up of the pre-market preparation of the distribution of Fireflies Network to Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
External uncertainties remain in 2020, when the company “risk control, growth, development” experienced a sudden outbreak of new coronary pneumonia in the first quarter of 2020, which has had some impact on the company's operational tempo, with a small decline in corporate operating income and net return earnings.
In our view, the uncertainty of the external environment in 2020 will remain, and the industry and companies will face some challenges in the short term. But there is a long-term development from the industry.
From a firm’s perspective, the company’s business style is always sound, its book cash is adequate, and it has been better prepared in the prior period. We believe that the company is capable of dealing with short-term waves and still looks to its long-term development.
Chen Tunan, as the global champion of security, has a global advantage in technology, products and solutions, and market uncertainties remain in 2020, but we believe that there has been no significant change in the overall demand space.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has led to less than anticipated macroeconomic developments, less than anticipated policies such as snowwork, less than expected expansion of overseas markets, less development of innovative business, increased risks, and so forth. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, has produced this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.