Company rating: Increase (maintain) billion yuan, an increase of 15.69 per cent in the same year; return net profit of 12,415 million yuan, same
In a single quarter, the company achieved operating income of RMB 9,429 million, a 5.17 per cent decline in the same year; The net return to the mother was RMB 1,496 million, an increase of 2.59 per cent in the same year.
A robust response to trade frictions changes, and a smart transformation of companies. Faced with the US “list of entities” in 2019, the company further increased its exposure to the United States.
After the sanctions landed in October 2019, the company quickly switched to a large number of companies.
Products to be replaced directly or through new design options to ensure that the performance of the product remains essentially the same.
The Department’s research and development costs, which increased by 22.32 per cent over the year, have been very effective in innovative business, and the annual report of the High Contracting Party has seen a steady increase in performance.
Smart households, robotics and other innovative business revenues are growing on a year-on-year basis, with net profit expectations over the 190422 model, and future c-side smart business is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
3. ebg, smbg, the growth rate of the enterprise is stable, and new capital investments are expected to lead to higher corporate performance. From a business group perspective, income from pbg, ebg, and smbg grew by 4.1%, 23.9%, and 23.4%, respectively.
The slowdown stems from the decline in demand for public security services downstream, the relatively high growth of ebg and smbg, and the strong demand for digital business transformation and channeling to the reservoir. Companies’ traditional business is more relevant to capital investment, 2020.
In the context of the new infrastructure of the year, it is expected that companies will grow in performance driven by downstream demand. The front end product, 2020q1, was affected by the epidemic and performance declined, but continued investment in the new capital investment is expected to take place.
Mobilize corporate performance, increase penetration with front-end calculations, increase product addition and replacement speed, back-end product back-end sales with front-end products, increase demand for video data analysis by downstream customers, public
The Division develops storage integration devices, gpu video graphics computing devices, etc., which are expected to be added and updated in sync with the front-endai devices. We expect the 2020e-2022e III central control equipment to include structured servers, software, etc. (blades, eagles) with the penetration rate of the device.
Increased demand. The business is expected to grow by 20 per cent over the three-year period by 2020e-2022e, with a relatively slow rate of revenue from engineering works, mainly from previous projects over 19 years, with later growth coming from Ping
There has been an increase in the number of systems integration projects, such as An-City. The expected increase in operating income for the business in 2020e-2022e over three years is mainly due to robotics other than smart households, auto technology, microfiche of the sea mouth, seaconway visual storage, machine-man-smart manufacturing, etc., which is currently relatively small, but is a market hotspot and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Smart households and other secure products are combined into other businesses, including brand-related products, building-to-house, burglar-proofing, and access control.
The profit scale in Schedule 1 (millions of yuan) is a public compliance channel, and the analytical logic of the report is based on my professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.