The impact of the Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre q1 epidemic has declined slightly, with robust growth expected throughout the year.
Four hundred and ninety-six million dollars, or a two hundred and fifty-nine per cent drop in the same year, net profit from the non-repatriation of 1,469 million dollars, a decline in the same year, and a steady increase in 2019, when the country’s macroeconomic situation went down, domestic demand went down, trade friction escalated, companies were listed by the United States Department of Commerce, and exports were affected.
In a negative context, firm revenue and profits have also grown steadily. The ebg business has grown by 23.88% over the year, the smbg business has grown by 23.38% over the same year, maintaining a faster rate of growth, and the public security sector has experienced a higher rate of growth in the third quarter.
Lack of demand, impact of slower project progress, etc., pbg business growth of 4.09 per cent over the year, deceleration of growth rate: innovation continues to perform well, smart household business growth of 58.3 per cent over the year, other innovative business increases are evident compared to 2. Second quarter Māori rate rises and is expected in the second half of the year
In the context of Smart Grouping, Trust Integration, Re-inflection, companies continue to operate robustly and financial indicators work well, reflecting the core competitiveness that companies have accumulated over the years in governance, innovation, enforcement, industry status, etc.
In 2020, the q1 epidemic affected a slight decline in revenue and profits, and is expected to improve throughout the year on a quarterly basis. After a fall in corporate revenues and profits during the quarter due to delays in the start of the entire industrial chain of the new crown epidemic, the Māori rate reached 47.36 per cent, a significant increase from 44.82 per cent in the same period last year.
Given the impact of the epidemic, domestic and foreign demand remains less optimistic, especially overseas, and will be hit in the short term. We believe that the company has experienced a complex and volatile situation in 2019, and that it will be able to adapt its strategy to the city environment, respond flexibly, manage the epidemic better in the country, and build on new needs and new infrastructure this year.
We believe that, in the medium and long term, the company is well-placed, down-stretched, moving from a security integrated service provider to a video-centric one.
In the 5g era, as multiple scenes were driven by demand, the penetration rate of the ai increased rapidly, reaching an average of 35 million daily calls from the company's "ai development platform " in 2019.
(8621), 61038318 training models more than 10,000, in addition to the security of the street, driven by high-resolution video surveillance and emerging demand
The company is expected to benefit positively as the global champion of security, and Liu Yeon-seok liuyanxue@qjzq.com.cn
, and then the average is calculated to arrive at the final rating, which is the average investment in the market Click here to enter text. History recommendation and target pricing (RMK)