Xinhua Insurance (601336): Transformative pressure drag Xinhua Insurance, Xinhua Life Insurance Inc. is a nation-wide company.
Xinhua Insurance discloses its mid-2019 report that large life insurance companies that achieved operating income during the reporting period now own the Xinhua Asset Management Unit at $90,232 million, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the same period; of this, 73,994 million, an increase in premiums.
In 2011, the company was listed simultaneously on the Hong Kong United Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
There is a reduction of 12.6 pct in the same year, which includes $191,403 million, which is a more accessible and high-quality life insurance, health insurance, personal insurance, and personal insurance than at the end of 18 years.
Unintentional injury insurance and old-age insurance services. 81.8 per cent of the net profits of the company's parent during the reporting period increased significantly over the same period, mainly for three reasons: 3. The one-time gain of $1.85 billion resulting from the tax reduction policy.
Xinhua Insurance (601336): Transformative pressure drags value growth at a relatively smooth rate from the end of the debt, and structural adjustment seeks to “keep deep”. Total insurance growth during the reporting period was 9.0 per cent, and new insurance growth was 7.0 per cent.
There is now a lower ranking of listed risk companies. From disaggregated data, there has been a slight decline in the new single premium for a single insurance channel, but a 14.0% increase in the new single premium for a single insurance channel offsets the impact of a new single drop for a single insurance channel. From a risk range, the largest increase in the traditional risk list (84.2%): companies have voluntarily contracted red-type products, with a new product size of 87.6%; the new health policy has increased by 11.3%, but the split structure shows only a slight increase in long-term health risks.
Long, additional insurance is the main force of growth, with structural changes significantly reducing the health risk of nbvmargin. But there are concerns about the company’s high cash insurance channels during the reporting period.
(b) Promoting the iterative, upgrading and new operational value of additionally insured products while maintaining the “advocating” strategy, with a view to diversifying and personalizing products in search of new market breakthroughs, thereby returning long-term guaranteed product value ratios to higher paths.
Ten thousand people, 15.5 per cent compared to the increase; but the average monthly rate of growth in qualified manpower and in size did not match, leading to a slight decline in the rate of eligibility. The agent's output fell by 13.8 per cent, less than expected. The pattern of growth in new operations driven by growth in size has become unsustainable since the death of the agent's dividend, with risk companies facing transformational pains and Xinhua Insurance.
In the future, companies will raise the human recruitment threshold, drawing on the idea of a transformation of the industry, adopt an “agent hierarchy” strategy, with different-quality agents selling different types of products and prices, and match people with different consumer capabilities. But how to quickly raise the size and proportion of high-quality intergenerationals and stimulate agent potential remains a pressing issue for companies.
In the reporting period, the annualized net return on investment on companies was equal to the same period of 18 years, with a fall of 0.1 per cent in total return on investments less than expected. The equity investment asset ratio was 10.0 per cent, and 0.7 per cent lower than at the end of 18 years, and the return on investment on the offer was not as significant as expected.
The company is the first company in a listed venture to have a health risk transition that, after three years of transition, will enter the harvest period. But the agent dividend disappears beyond expectations, and the external and internal economic environment, changes in management, are the extraneous factors that create new challenges for the company.
In a low interest rate environment, how to maintain a stable rate of return on investment is one of the two central issues facing companies. We expect that, after management's determination, with the implementation of a series of new initiatives, companies will gradually survive the transition period, with the second half of the year's debt end “double price rises” being the approximate event. We take good note of the downside risks in the domestic economy: the risk of increased trade disputes between China and the United States: the risk of falling capital markets: the risk of financial regulation being tighter than expected: flows.
The risk of less than expected: the risk of less than expected performance.
Xinhua Insurance (601336): Transformative Pressures Trapped Value Growth B.A., Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex. Four years of banking experience, four years of non-banking financial research experience, two years of silver.
Research experience. First in the 13th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2015, fourth in the 14th New Wealth and Silver Finance Industry in 2016; first in the 9th Crystalball and Silver Finance Industry in 2015 and second in the 10th Crystal and Silver Finance Industry in 2016.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.