Xinhua Insurance published its semi-annual report for 2019, which enabled the company to earn its operating income in the first half of the year.
90,232 million yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent in the same year; combined net profit of the parent company of $10,545 million, an increase of 81.8 per cent in the same year; non-recurrent gains and losses are significantly reducing contributions + refunds, releasing net profits \triangleright
Non-recurring gains and losses and refunds have significantly reduced the level of net profits, resulting in good tax cuts in the first half of the year, and companies ' non-recurring gains and losses have contributed a total of $1.851 billion in vertical profits. In the first half of the year, the premium was only 1 per cent, a decrease of 3 percentage points from 4 per cent in the same period last year, and the first half of the year, the refund was only $6,873 million.
Nbv dropped slightly and the premium structure remained excellent 11,698 million yuan for the first year of long-term insurance, an increase of 1.1 per cent compared with the increase in the first half of the year when the value of the new business was $5,890 million, while the share of the first year of long-term company health insurance premiums in the first year of the overall long-term insurance was 55.7 per cent, an increase compared with the increase in the first year of the same period.
1.4 percentage points: Ten-year and more premium payments accounted for 51.3 per cent of the first year of long-term insurance; the continuing premium for the total premium was 78.9 per cent, which was almost equal compared to the same period last year.
\triangleright \triangleright has stepped up its workforce by intensifying the recruitment of new recruits in marketing, which has reached an all-time high. For example, the previous risk scale has reached 386,000 people, an increase of 15.5% compared to the previous period; the monthly average of 140 million qualified personnel has increased by the same time.
With the company ' s increasing organization of the team, the overall quality of the agent ' s team and its ability to sell are expected to be further improved, with an increase in per capita capacity, with steady growth in investment assets and a steady rate of return on investment.
III. Investment proposals: The pace of growth in the new list of operations is warming, with the expectation that the growth of corporate organization will lead to an increase in proxy productivity.
2. Xinhua Insurance Year Report: A summary of data projections for corporate financial statements. Chen Xiang, Doctor of Business and Law, China Social Science School, post-doctor of Finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy research. Joined in 2017.
In 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, sought to be objective, impartial through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and that the conclusions were not influenced by any third party.