603986 Electronics industry maintains a high profile, and operations go hand in hand with the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: 2021h1, the company achieved operating income of $3.64 billion, an increase of 119.6 per cent over the same period; net profit of $790 million for the mother, an increase of 116.3 per cent over the same period; strong downstream demand, a double increase in corporate revenue and profits.
In terms of profits, the company insists on improving the layout of its operations in three main directions: storage, mcu and sensors.
By providing reliable and competitive products through autonomous innovation, stable levels of high profitability have been maintained, with a combined Māori rate of 40.3 per cent for companies during the reporting period, a decline of 0.3 pp over the same period; net interest rates of 21.6 per cent, and improved storage layout, with self-researching of dram products contributing new growth points.
The product has been certified by a wide range of mainstream platforms and is now widely used in the areas of a roof box, television, surveillance, network communications, smart household electricity, etc. At the same time, the company has acquired dram clients in the fields of iptv, security, and consumption.
Household orders and trust provide a solid basis for further long-term cooperation. The company will be launching more researched dram products in the future, and it is expected to open up further opportunities for sales earnings and profits.
Medical equipment, security surveillance, car instrumentation, entertainment sound, t-box, home power, etc. At the same time, in 2021, the company produced electro-drive chips and power management chips, and successfully developed wireless first-generation wifi products and first-generation low-power products.
In addition, the company’s mcu product is steadily entering the car regulation market. Samples can be made available for customer testing at the end of the year, and production can be achieved in 2022.
For $4.53, the net profit compound is expected to increase by more than 50% over the next three years. We conservatively give the company one of its leading storage chips, mcu and sensor chip designs, the company's main business being the development, technical support and marketing of storage, microcontrols and sensors, in Beijing, China.
Sea, Shenzhen, Hoose, Xian, Chengdu, Suzhou, Hong Kong and Taiwan, the United States, South Korea, Japan, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Singapore, have branches and offices in various countries and regions, with marketing networks all over the world. Companies use the Fables model, and adhere to a light asset strategy, with a diversified supply chain system, with many leading crystal-crystry and containment testing plants around the world.
Strategic partnerships to promote corporate storage in the semiconductor area through enhanced industrial up-and-down cooperation, optimized supply chain management, and deployment controls and sensors to build well-developed semiconductor ecosystems. Corporate products are widely applied to hand-held mobile terminals, such as mobile phones, tablets, consumer electronics, networked terminals, personal computers, and so on.
In the area of communications equipment, medical equipment, office equipment, auto electronics, and industrial control equipment. On the nonflash product, the company is China’s first and third largest supplier, with a cumulative volume of nearly 16 billion and an annual delivery of over 2.8 billion; and on the dram product, the company launched its first dram product, the gdq2bfaa series in 2021, which is officially in place.
Board dram, the mainstream storage market; in mcu products, the company ' s mcu has become the dominant option in China ' s 32-digit generic mcu market, with a cumulative number of more than 600 million shipments, more than 20,000 customers, and 28 series of 370 surplus products offering the largest range of applications that are the highest in China; and in sensor products, the company ' s touch-and-speech
Fingerprint recognition chips are widely used by well-known mobile terminal manufacturers, both in the country and abroad, and are one of the country’s only two providers of optical thumbs to produce in quantities. The global market for touch and control chips is ranked fourth, and the global market for fingerprint chips is ranked third. Looking back at the company’s more than a decade of development, they can be divided into three main stages:
In 2016, the company was listed. In 2017, the company joined forces to enter the dram market for the first time.
2019-present: Acquisition of the Slim, Sensor Business Promotion Company, full-scale upgrade. In 2019, the company completed the acquisition of 100% of its shareholding in Szemin. After completing the acquisition, Siva is the top three global fingerprint chip supplier, and the Department can provide chips including mcu, storage, sensorization, margin computing, connection, etc. for lot applications, as well as photos.
A set of systems and solutions, including algorithms, software, provide a variety of product selection and custom-made solutions for customers. Meanwhile, companies are constantly updating their product lines. On storage products, 2020 was maintained, representing the industry ' s highest level of domestic lead capacity of 2gb, high-performance spinorflash products, the same year.
The year was officially published as a high-performance mcu, based on the new nuclear core of the new nalcorpex-33. Figure 2: The company’s main development journey, the founder of which is the actual controller.
In addition, Hong Kong Central Settlement holds 6.56% of companies and shares with the Grand National Fund, respectively, accounting for about 0.85% of the company’s equity at the time of the Incentives announcement.
(b) The company's main operations include: chip storage, microcontrolr mcu operations, sensor operations, technical uniforms.
The sales revenue was $3.28 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent in the same year, and the operating income was 73.0 per cent; the operations of mcu and sensor operations were received on a smaller scale, with a combined operating income of 0.2 per cent. In 2021h1, the company ' s chip storage operations, mcu operations and sensor operations all registered a significant increase in revenue. The operations of storage chips grew by 97.5 per cent, with a revenue of 71.4 per cent;
The high-speed growth in mcu operations and sensor operations was 222.1 per cent and 162.3 per cent, respectively, with a revenue ratio of 21.9 per cent and a Māori ratio of 35.0 per cent and 68.4 per cent for corporate chip storage operations in 2020, 47.6 per cent and a Māori ratio of 21.4 per cent respectively, and a Māori ratio of 37.0 per cent and Māori for sensor operations.
Looking back at the company ' s business performance in previous years: between 2016 and 2020, the billion yuan went up to 880 million yuan, with an overall compound annual growth rate of about 49.5 per cent. In 2018, the company experienced a slight decline in revenue and net profit growth due to a combination of trade friction between the United States and China, a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, and a fall in the price of productively released products.
During the year, despite the impact of the global epidemic, the company took advantage of the configuration of diversified supply chain management with a wide range of client groups and market bases and well-developed product layouts accumulated over the years to capture the opportunities for localization of the supply chain in the industry and to achieve corporate performance. In the first half of 2021, demand in applications such as consumer electronics, physical networking, industrial interconnections, automobile electronics, etc., prevailed and supply was provided.
The chain localization trend has been marked, with companies achieving high performance growth with improved product line layout, strong research and development power, and brand influence accumulated in deep-farm markets over many years to meet client diversification needs with high-quality and reliable products and services. Companies achieved operating income of $3.64 billion, an increase of 119.6 per cent, and net return to mothers of $790 million, an increase of 116.3 per cent.
Corporate profitability and re-innovation in R & D. 1) In terms of profitability: in 2020, the company ' s M & A rate was 37.4 per cent, a decrease of 3.1 pp from the same period last year; net interest rate is a positive upward trend in net operating cash flows. 1) Operating cash flows: 2016-2020.
The net cash flow from corporate operations as a whole has grown, from 80 million yuan in 2016 to 1.06 billion yuan in 2020, with a combined growth rate of 88.7 per cent over the period, with a significant improvement in corporate cash flows from the same period last year, with a net operating cash flow of 810 million yuan, representing an increase of 945.1 per cent.
Volatile. Business is stable in the last three years, with a net ratio of more than 1 per cent. 2021h1, a net ratio of 1.0 per cent, a business situation, assuming that 1: the company flash chip continues to be a technological and market leader, the first dram product was produced in June 21, and the company will further expand its market share in the future, based on its technological advantage in the area of storage chip research and development.
Assumption 2: The penetration rate of corporate mcu products has steadily increased in the industrial, medical, security and home power sectors, in addition to the fact that the company's first car class mcu product has been streamed into the car regulation market, and that its mcu product has grown by more than the same year during the reporting period: the company's forthcoming oled and new generation of lcd-touch products are in the forefront of the industry.
They can be used in areas such as downstream consumer electronics and vehicles, in addition to the layout of corporate sensor products in the fields of i and ultrasound, in the areas of smart apparel equipment, mobile medicine and networking. We expect corporate sensor operations to be sold in 21-23 years.
We conservatively give companies 78 times more than, in 2021, a new crown epidemic that leads to repeated downstream demand or expectations. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.