Incidents: On August 26, the Transport Bank issued a 22h1 report, which collected $143.39 billion, yoy+7.1 per cent; for the first time, it covered operational resilience and a steady increase in profitability.
The profit is higher than the profit - 1.5 pct. In the face of the q2 domestic epidemic, the overall business has shown resilience and performance has remained stable. The net interest income of 22h1 has increased by + 8.4% over the year, mainly benefiting from the scale expansion. Other non-interest income has increased by +10.5% over the year, the ring increased by +9.5 pct, with net exchange rate and exchange rate products received.
The effect of the reduction in the rate of the property after the transformation of the movement, net worth, was to manage the revenue from the financial business at the same rate - 14 per cent. At the end of June, the balance of the gold was trillion yuan, +82 per cent, and the net income from the agent insurance in the wealth management category was impressive, +41.2 per cent.
At the end of the year +3.9 pct, which is the main support for a robust growth in net interest income. At the same time, loans are held separately from the rate of increase. Research assistants in Bovin are ahead of total liabilities and total assets, reflecting the firm’s stabilization of interest differentials through structural adjustment.
At the end of the end of the debt, the fixed-term portion of the 22h1 additional deposits was 97%, resulting in higher interest-bearing liability cost rates at the end of June compared to +3.8 pct to 61.9% at the beginning of the year. Undesired belief, asset quality was strong. 22h1 negative-rate ring ratio -1bp, provision for coverage ring ratio
In 2021, the Bank of Transport proposed a focus on “Shanghai Home” and 22h1 Long Triangle loans amounted to 27.5%, compared to +0.3 ptt at the beginning of the year; regional profits are equal.
At the same time, in the context of the impact of the epidemic on q2 Shanghai, the Bank of Transport has been a major player, with 22h1 lending more than $11 billion to Shanghai through green corridors to prevent and control the epidemic. The investment proposal is: a robust scale expansion and a strong asset quality.
22H1 performance has grown robustly, demonstrating business resilience in the wake of the outbreak; capital-focused lending operations have been scaled up while structures have continued to optimize; poor identification standards have tightened and asset quality has continued to tighten; and banks have offered to focus on “Shanghai Home” construction, and after short-term disruptions, medium- and long-term sustainable benefits have been derived from the long-term three.
On 26th, the collection was 0.4 times 22-year pb, first covered, with a “recommended” rating. 1 Operating capacity is strong, profit growth is stable, profitability is stable. 22h1 Bank of Transport receipts are +7.1%, ring ratio - 0.6 pct, q2
Quarterly + 6.4%, ring – 1.3pt. 22h1 net profit + 4.8%, ring + 1.5pt, q2 season + 3.1%, ring +3.2pt, overall business resilience and steady performance growth in the face of the spread of more than one outbreak in the country in the second quarter.
Figure 2: Transportation Bank ' s performance as of 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis (single season) Net interest income of 22h1 increased on a year-on-year basis by +8.4 per cent, mainly benefiting from a robust expansion in scale; Medium: low on a year-on-year basis, 1.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, plus ring ratio - 10.1 ptt; other non-interest income on a year-on-year basis
After the netting of property, the product rate was revised downwards compared to the previous period. The netting of the property balance of 22h1 transport banks, at $1.28 trillion, increased by 10 per cent over the same period, with a 90 per cent share of net-value products.
trillion yuan, or +8.2 per cent, were affected by market fluctuations in the first half of the year, with agency funds and management revenues falling down the same line, but taking advantage of insurance market opportunities, 22h1 achieved a net agent insurance income of $1.86 billion, or +41.2 per cent, with a robust expansion of 2 sizes and a strong focus on lending operations.
Net interest income is driven mainly by a robust expansion in size. Interest-bearing assets, interest-bearing liabilities, loan-bearing average interest-bearing asset size are the main underpinnings of a robust growth in net interest income.
Total assets grew at the same rate as the previous year, and the loan balance continued to rise at a higher level than in the negative structure, reflecting the firm ' s ability to maintain a stable interest margin through structural adjustments. 4.28 per cent. Assets at the end of the asset were mainly affected by the lower rate of return on the loan. Structurally, support the real economy, credit investment.
Loans are being made in line with the restructuring of the country’s industry, with public loans (including discounts) amounting to 87.9% in the first half of the year, but transport banks are also digging for new track layouts in the process of supporting entities. The first half of the year saw an increase in loans to strategic emerging industries and “new” SMEs, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.
The increase of 71.9% to 28.4% in prices guarantees the stability of the poor performance of individual loans, in the context of the downside of profit-making entities and lpr, in the light of the multiple shocks to public, medium- and long-term lending. Loans of 60 days or more, and loans of 90 days or more, are fully included in non-performing loans.
4 Benefites from the position of the Long Triangle, using the advantages of the Shanghai Masters, and the position of the Long Triangles. In 2021, the Transport Bank launched a focus on “Shanghai Homes” to give full leverage to the position of the Long Triangles. 22h1 Long Triangles loans reached 27.5% and increased by 0.3 pct from the beginning of the year.
At the same time, in the context of the impact of the epidemic in Shanghai in the second quarter, the Bank of Transport also played a leading role in the Shanghai Masters, with 22h1 lending more than $11 billion to Shanghai through green corridors for disease prevention and control, and a number of measures, such as assistance to enterprises to alleviate poverty, to help restore the city's economy.
5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal 5.1 Profit Forecast Scenarios and Operations Split 1 - Scale Increases: Transport Bank as Integrating Large State-owned Banks, Credit and Expansion of Assets in the Nation
In 2021, traffic bank loans and total assets increased by 12.2 per cent and 9.1 per cent, respectively, and by the end of June 2022, transport bank loans and total assets increased by 8.0 per cent and 7.8 per cent, respectively, compared to the beginning of the year.
2. Net interest differentials: a narrow and stable reduction in the net interest differential on assets and the continuous improvement in the structure of liabilities. We predict 3 Non-interest income: continued building of wealth management, projected growth of non-interest income on publicly owned industrial chain finance, 4. Quality of assets: strong risk controls, stricter criteria for poor identification, and expected continued improvement in asset quality indicators
22H1 performance has grown robustly, demonstrating business resilience in the wake of the outbreak; capital-focused lending operations, scale-up, have been accompanied by continued structural optimization; poor standards have been tightened and asset quality has continued to tighten; and banks have proposed to focus on the construction of the Shanghai Masters, which will benefit from the long triangle in the medium to long term after the outbreak's short-term disturbance.
The 26-day round-up rate corresponds to 0.4 times 22 years pb, with five other large State-owned commercial banks as comparable companies, below the average and median of comparable companies, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. 1) Macroeconomic growth is down: due to the external environment and domestic demand, the rate of economic growth is subject to some downward pressure.
There is a weak demand for credit from residents and businesses, and the expansion of the sector slows down; it may have a negative impact on the quality of bank assets. (2) The risk of the epidemic is high: there is uncertainty about the spread of the epidemic, and measures to prevent it may affect the production of businesses, their operations and the income of the population, thereby affecting the need for credit; or it may lead to the suspension of branches of banks.
3) Lower-than-expected level of net interest differentials: adverse changes in regulatory policies or external interest rates may result in lower-than-expected bank net-interest differentials, thereby reducing the profitability of companies. 4) Real estate sector has not improved as much as expected: transport bank real-estate sector loans are higher if policies fall short
Support factors such as locality have not improved as expected in the real estate sector, and may affect the quality of bank assets and profitability.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.