On April 26th, the company revealed that it had collected $20.480 billion in the first quarter of 2023.
Dollars, equal to +66.2%, ring 13.5%, resulting in a net return profit of 2.580 billion yuan, a continuous increase in Māori in the same unit, and a strong advantage in overseas channels and costs.
58%, or about 30%, of distribution. Benefiting from overseas channels and cost control advantages, the Company Group 1.
The ring ratio rose by about 2 points/w, the Māori rate by 1.54 pct to 19.11 per cent, and the high 2. "Q3 profitability is over-expected, n-species will continue to increase profit - Jingdu continues to grow, and profitability continues to lead the industry, with a prominent advantage.
Vertical integration has a strong advantage, and one two-wing is a guarantee of profitability.
By the end of 2023, the company ' s component produced more than 80gw, and its component produced more than 60-65gw, an increase of more than 50 per cent over the same period; the company also planned to upgrade the silicon/battery output ratio to 90 per cent, continuously improving the advantages of vertical integration and increasing cost competitiveness.
A “one-wing” strategy, layout components, storage, etc., in collaboration with the backbone of the industry, to expand new products and services and guarantee the company's profitability is always at the forefront of the industry. Type N products are phased in, and efficient products provide excessive profits.
Ning is in the forefront of the industry, the 1.3gwtopcon battery project has been put into production, and it's 6gw, 10gw in Yangzhou and 10gwtopcon battery capacity will continue to be produced in q2-q3 with the planned battery capacity, which is expected to reach 40gw by the end of 2023.
In 2023, n-type products were exported about 20gw. Topcon’s high-efficiency component products were in short supply, with a premium of about 0.1/w higher than the P-type product, and the company’s leading Topcon layout was expected to fully benefit from the excess profits from the new technology dividend period.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating The deterioration of the international trade environment, advances in new technologies and exchange rate fluctuations of the renminbi.