The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre continued to grow in profitability and output of its components The first quarter of 2023, when the company released business revenues of $20.480 billion, an increase of 66.2 per cent over the same period;
The net profit of the mother now stands at 2.58 billion yuan, an increase of 244.5 per cent over the previous year, and the expected performance of the supermarket. The output of the components continues to increase and the profitability of the components continues to increase. 23q1, the volume of the company ' s battery assemblies delivered 11.70gw (including self-use 152mw), an increase of 71.3 per cent over the same period, of which the overseas output of the components accounted for about 58 per cent, distribution of which was about 58 per cent.
The average delivery price of the 23q1 component is expected to remain high, and the profitability of the 23q1 component has continued to increase as a result of, inter alia, vertical integration, good operating layout cost controls, and lower transport costs. 23q1 has a combined Māori ratio of 19.11%, an increase of 4.3 pp, and a rise of 1.5 pp for the 23q1 component.
The impact of such factors as increased income, reduced financing costs and reduced exchange losses was due to the combined effect of the financial costs of $6.16 million for the reporting period, which resulted from an increase in the return of investments in silicon and a reduction in the earnings from locking up. In addition, stock falls during the current period were ready to be reversed, resulting in a negative loss of assets of $140 million.
• Increased integration rates, N-type batteries, and continuous extra-coding of overseas capacity. By the end of 2022, silicon, batteries, and components produced 40gw, 40gw, 50gw, respectively.
In addition to the successful implementation of the 2023q1 5gw component project, the ongoing construction projects are proceeding as planned, with the company ' s component producing 80gw more than 80gw and silicon and battery production about 90% of the group production capacity at the end of 2023.
In terms of overseas capacity, Viet Nam has developed an integrated capacity of 4gw silicon, batteries, and components, which is expected to rise to 5gw by the end of 2023, and 2gw components in the United States.
A two-wing layout: secure supplies and expand the business landscape. The company relies on the main industrial chain of photovoltaic products to continuously improve its organizational structure. The Ministry of Smart Energy has been established to increase investment in downstream photovoltaic applications, expanding the scope of the development of photovoltaic power plants and exploring the development of various photovoltaic applications simultaneously.
The creation of the Photovoltaic New Materials Enterprise to strengthen the research and development of photovoltaic assistive materials and equipment, including photovoltaic crystallization equipment, photovoltaic heat field systems, photovoltaic guidance and photovoltaic containment materials, contributes to the rapid development of supply security in the main industrial chain while continuously reducing costs.
11 times, 9 times. The company as a component leader, a deep-farm integration strategy, a continuous build-up of battery-type N capacity, and a successful “buy-in” rating in the United States of America's high-profit market. 1. Crystal Austrotech (002459).
4. Crystal Austrotechnics (002459): a continuous increase in city occupancy and the promotion of integration strategies (2022-05-05)
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income in 2023-2025 as follows: No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, for not having done so, or for not having done so, nor for having received any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.