On November 21, 2023, we first covered the country's flagship satellite communications operation, China's Wetton (601698.sh), with a “recommend”
After several years of capital operations, the company became a leader in satellite communications operations. The company’s predecessor, \triangleright, was established in 2001, after many years of capital operations, became a leader in satellite communications operations; 2019
The company is listed as the second largest fixed telecommunications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world, the only basic telecommunications operator in the former country with autonomous controlled broadcasting satellite resources, with a wide range of services. As of 9 November 2023, the company operated 18 commercial communications broadcasting satellites, including four.
High flux satellites, launched early in 23 years by Star Middle, the country’s first high-transit satellite with a capacity exceeding 100 gbps, set in motion a new era of our satellite Internet. Performance is growing robustly; high-traffic satellites are starting a new course of operations. 1) Business Camp 2018-2022.
Yoon Cao Wei has kept it steady at around 2.7 billion; the net profit from maternity should increase from $420 million to $920 million, okay. 2) Companies follow up on priority user needs and explore innovative applications in a variety of areas, such as vehicle and onboard.
As of the first half of 2023, the number of company vessels on the net had reached 8,700. In addition, the company continued to improve the deployment of the ka high flux satellite network and achieved coverage of most of the country's routes, such as Sichuan Airlines.
In terms of international operations, on 23 May 2023, the company launched a new course of high-throughput satellite internationalization operations using Sino-Star 26 for the first time abroad (Indian Research Assistant Jo Booney).
On 31 December \triangleright, the number of satellites in orbit worldwide was 6718, with communications satellites accounting for up to 72% of them and accelerated out-of-sea deployment. On the domestic front, on 9 July 2023, the satellite Internet Technology Test Satellite was successfully launched;
On 25 July, Shanghai proposed the creation of a “g60 chain” that would, in the long run, achieve a network of more than 12,000 satellites, with domestic satellite Internet construction entering the phase of substantive development. (2) In 2022, the global satellite industry earned $28.1 billion, of which $113.3 billion, or youth-4.2 per cent, or 40.3 per cent, of satellite services;
Manufacturing revenue is $15.8 billion, yoy + 15.3 per cent; launch service revenue is $7 billion, yoy + 22.8 per cent, the fastest growing rate. We believe that satellite Internet construction, both in and out of the country, has increased significantly, and satellite services are satellites.
The company is the leader of the country’s satellite communications operations, and is the second largest fixed communications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world. With the benefits of the accelerated deployment of the domestic satellite Internet, the company is expected to accelerate its development.
2. Advanced electron (688311.sh) depth report: Information series #3: Core packager for guidance equipment; forward-looking layout 3. Space Environment (688523.sh) first-time coverage report:
For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given for the status of the leader and potential for development in the direction of the satellite Internet.
4. Rekko Defence (002413.sz) Tri-quarter 2023: rating: 1~3q23 profit to gain; satellite business development: 3q23 performance fluctuations due to cost increases; unmanned systems
Accelerating development - 2023/10/30 Assessment: deferred impact income from space manufacturing projects; q3 increase in profitability - 2023/11/01
China Wei-Tung: We've been operating satellite communications with a number of capital operations. 1.1 is the second largest fixed telecommunications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world.
On 9 November 2023, the Sino-Sung 6e satellite was successfully launched and placed in orbit, marking the number of satellites operating in orbit as 18.
The Division is the only basic telecommunications operator in the country with autonomous and controlled broadcasting satellite resources, the main satellite space segment, the operation of the satellite segment and related services, and the wide coverage of broadcasting communications client services, including the Global Network Service, which covers more than 95 per cent of the world's maritime routes, and the wide range of ka high-throughput satellites, which can fly along the "one-way" route.
High-speed network communications and satellite Internet for air, navigation, emergency, energy, forest grass, etc., and for general users, figure 1: Development journey: companies have been operating with multiple capital and in 2019 they were listed as shareholders in the company's ownership and owners of China's space science and technology group. As of 30 June 2023, the public,
The Division owns six wholly-owned holding subsidiaries, including Xinoe Satellites, Wetto Hong Kong, etc., one holding subsidiary, Star Connect, one participating subsidiary, Asia Pacific International, and three associated companies, such as Asia-Pacific Astronomy.
1.2 Strong growth in performance; depreciation of satellite assets is the main cost, of which double-digit growth was achieved in 2021 and 2022, with net return profits realized respectively. Deorbiting of the company ' s Asia Pacific 6 and Sino-Star 9a satellites, with a higher depreciation cost compared to the same period in the previous year; 2022
The company benefited from tax concessions for 22 years, raising the cost of income tax to 40% (US$ 170 million for 21 million). The decrease in the Maori rate was mainly due to the company’s successive launches of satellites in recent years, which resulted in increased accumulated depreciation, monitoring fees, operating fees, etc., and the emergence of traditional C-band resources in some countries and regions abroad.
More than demand, market competition has increased and profit space has been reduced; the increase in net interest rates has been due mainly to a number of factors, such as lower depreciation costs, receipt of satellite insurance claims, and tax preferences. Cost control has improved; financial cost rates have fluctuated considerably.
In 2020, the company’s R & D costs reached their highest in recent years, an increase of 17% compared to the first autonomous R & D and R & D packages initiated by the company.
As a result of the project. 3) Financial costs: The company and its subsidiary, Asia Pacific Satellite International Ltd. (APSAT International Ltd.), are large-scale foreign currency-currency items, and annual exchange gains/losses have resulted in more marked fluctuations in financial cost rates. Figure 7: Cost rates for the period 2018 - 2023q1 - 3
Receivables have increased considerably in size; net cash flows from operating activities have continued to be relatively good. 1) For governments, specific users, etc., companies have mainly adopted a settlement model of “services first, contributions later”, whereby revenue is recognized at the time of the provision of the services and the related amounts are recorded in the accounts receivable. The size of corporate receivables has continued to grow steadily since 2018, from 300 million in 2018.
The net cash flow of the company’s operations continued to be relatively good in 2018–2023q1–3 years, and was positive in five consecutive years. Of these, the net cash flow of the operations in 2021 was the highest in recent years, reaching $2.3 billion, mainly because of the larger increase in current sales returns and advance receipts over the same period in the previous year.
As of 8 September 2023, companies held more than 80% of the market for domestic satellite communications operations, and China moved and China electricity.
As the second largest fixed communications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world, the company has high-quality communications broadcasting satellite resources and a wide range of client services. This stability is based on Indonesia’s Telecommunications, Central Television, and China’s General Directorate for Mobile and Broadband Radio Administration.
Depreciation of satellite assets is the bulk of the main operating cost, accounting for more than 70%. In 2016-2022, the company owned 18 commercial communications broadcasting satellites, most of which were launched before 2019.
Yearly launch)/6b (launched in 2007); Sino-Star 26 is our first ka-band high-transit satellite with over 100 g capacity, which is used mainly to provide high-speed broadband access to fixed terminals and vehicle/ship/board terminals. On a new day, Sino-Star 6d/26/6e was successfully launched and delivered to the China Health and Safety Corporation for operation.
1.3 The high flux satellite has launched a new course of international operations to ignite the dream of global connectivity. 23 February of the year, the Sino-Star 26 launched the Long March III-B booster at the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre. The arrow was successfully launched. The satellite is scheduled to enter its intended orbit and will be delivered to the Chinese guard after testing in orbit.
China Star 26 will coordinate the construction of a network of Earth station networks with the company's existing 16 and 19 high-throughput satellites. The Chinese Star 26 is our first high-throughput satellite with over 100 gbps capacity.
Communications payloads can provide high-speed exclusive network communications and satellite Internet access to aviation, navigation, emergency, energy, forest grass and universal service users along the “one-way” route, effectively meeting the demand for broadband communications in air travel and remote flights. The successful launch of the Sino-Star 26 satellite or signifies the country's access to the satellite.
High-orbit high-transit satellites are an important part of the satellite Internet, with a capacity of about 26% of the global satellite. Our satellite Internet construction is entering a new phase, with high fluxes, software definition loads, phase-control antenna technology, etc.
A generation of satellite communications technology has significantly improved service efficiency, with a larger system capacity and a higher rate of communication increasing the carrying capacity, service capacity and terminal support capabilities for large-area connectivity, multi-type business applications. According to the China Wireless Congress, high-orbit high-throughput satellites currently account for about 26% of the global total of satellites, in proportion to their current capacity.
The company currently operates 18 commercial communications broadcasting satellites in orbit (Sinostar 16/19/26/6e is a high-throughput satellite) covering more than 40 countries and territories, including Australia, South-East Asia, South Asia, the Middle East, and Europe. In addition, the company continues to build capacity on the ground.
There are currently 18 in-country earth stations, 11 offshore earth stations, a network of c-band broadcasting/communications services, and the country’s first global, autonomous and controlled satellite communications service network, covering more than 95% of the world’s countries and territories. At the same time, the company is working with international operators to build a global ka high-throughput air network.
By the end of 2023, global coverage of international routes could be achieved. Based on high fluxes such as Sino-Star 16, Sino-Star 19, satellite resources, the company has gradually gained a pre-eminence in the expansion of its markets in the field of the Aerial and Oceanic Satellite Internet, adding a powerful addition to high-traffic satellite resources such as Sino-Star 26 and Sino-Star 6e, with medium- and long-term potential for development.
The company actively explores new models of domestic business and accelerates the expansion of offshore markets. On the domestic business side, the company tracks priority user needs and innovatively explores application models for multiple terminals, such as portable, shipborne, vehicle-borne and airborne.
The company's “Global Net” broadband satellite communications network has added South American regional coverage, completed the opening of South American gateways and resources, supplemented the coverage of the South-East Pacific region, and continued to grow in the number of vessels on the network, which, as of the first half of 2023, had reached 8,700. In addition, the company is continuously improving its ka high-throughput satellites.
On-board network deployment, most of the country’s routes were covered. For example, 15 narrow body-based network ka deployments were completed in cooperation with Sichuan Aviation, with approximately 700,000 passengers travelling; and air network projects with the State were promoted to support the national flight to complete the test flight of the certified aircraft and were approved by China.
In international business, on 23 May 2023, in Jakarta, the capital of India, the company launched its first international Internet service application abroad, using our first ka high flux satellite, Sino-Star 26, with a capacity of over 100 gbps, to launch a new course in the internationalization of high flux satellites.
In the course of the demonstration, the 0.6-metre high-throughput satellite auto-portable terminal was completed in 120 seconds from equipment assembly to netting on the stars, and the high-speed transmission capability of 94.3 mbps was measured down, up line 7.03 mbps, providing a solid technical basis for following up on the international customer's Internet access, base station return, etc., to scale up applications.
In the future, the company will continue its international business performance, based on the Sino-Star 26 high-transit satellite, and its promotion of international markets, which will contribute to the development of the satellite communications industry in countries and regions along the “one-way” route.2 Market demand: China’s satellite Internet is growing faster, medium-term and long-term cities
Our space technology started late, but rapidly. From the successful launch of our first satellite, East Red I, in 1970, to the initial establishment of various applications of satellite systems, such as navigation satellite systems, communications security, etc.
Satellite applications are divided into three main directions: communications, navigation and remote sensing. Satellite communications are radio communications between Earth stations or between spacecraft and Earth stations using satellite transponders. Satellites are a means of communication that connect sites requiring information exchange through artificial communications satellites.
Communications are a combination of modern communications technology and space technology and an important part of the space industry. Satellite communications systems can be divided into space and ground segments. Satellite space segments are a core component of the entire communications system, including mainly communication satellites operating in space orbit, as well as ground-based tracking, telemetry and command of satellites.
Surveillance and monitoring system; satellite ground segment is dominated by the user main station, including the user terminal, the user terminal's “land link” connected to the user's main station, and the interface between the user's main station and the “land link”.
Satellite structures and network operations centres, such as user stations. They are used to connect satellites and ground networks, consisting mainly of radio frequency subsystems and band subsystems; typical user stations consist mainly of antennas, outdoor units (odu), indoor units (idu).
Sino-Star 16 is in operation, as well as the launch of the satellite Internet technology test star, and our civil satellite communications industry has started, with major manufacturers including the Chinese satellite satellite affiliate Space Star, 54 Chinese Electric Sections, and Hua Li, one of the major developments in the satellite communications industry being the use of high flux satellites.
High flux satellites, with higher communications capacity, lower unit bandwidth costs and more flexible terminals, do not function only in the field of traditional communications satellite applications, and their own characteristics make market applications more focused on broadband data communications, contributing to the development of broadband access, relay communications, mobile communications applications.
Satellites, with the same frequency resources, have a communications capacity several, even dozens of times higher than conventional communications satellites, with conventional communications satellites with a capacity of less than 10 gbit/s, while high flux communications satellites have a communications capacity ranging from dozens to hundreds of gbit/s, with applications covering personal access, business data transmission, base station return, aircraft communications, navigational communications, etc.
Special communications, etc. In 2020, the satellite Internet was incorporated into the national “new infrastructure” and elevated to the level of national strategy development; in 2021, the State formed the China Starnet Corporation to coordinate the development of our satellite Internet industry. In 2023, more policy support was also available, with the hope of promoting satellite-scale applications, commercialization services and nationalization in various industries.
Internationalization is expanding, and the satellite Internet industry faces significant development opportunities. According to ucs, as of 31 December 2022, the number of satellites in orbit worldwide stood at 6718, of which 72% were telecommunications satellites and the overseas constellation accelerated deployment.
On 7 October, the first two Internet satellites of the Amazon Kuiper plan system were launched, and the entire constellation planned 3,236 satellites, with an investment of more than $10 billion; 2) the “Starlink” plan accelerated, with a cumulative launch of more than 4,500 satellites as of June 2023. In early September 2023, the U.S. Pacific Air Force had given it a mandate.
On 11 September, Spacex launched a new satellite-chained direct cellular operation, applicable to all existing utephones, without the need to change hardware, solids or special applications, with text messages expected to be sent in 2024, voice calls, access to the Internet and phased iot (material networking) in 2025; and on 28 October, in Israel
After the heavy air strikes cut off almost all of Gaza's Internet and cellular communications, Spacex will make the “strength chain” system available for use by the international certified aid organization in Gaza; on 8 November, Mascek indicated that Spacex is now launching rockets every three days and will be launched every two days next year, and that the 24-year launch will take place.
180 fewer, “Starring Chain” launches or will be significantly faster; 3) On November 18, 2023, the Spacex Division conducted a second test flight of the Starship, all 33 successfully lit, and the take-off took place in about 3 minutes and a second level was completed. Currently, not all planning processes have been achieved, but 33 mid-level engines have been fully operated.
The continuation of the work, the absence of malfunctioning shutdowns, the success of the extra-heat-separation programme and the spacecraft class have built up certain flight data and experience, providing a solid basis for successful follow-up flights. Since September of this year, spacex has made clear breakthroughs in the field of satellites and rockets, and is likely to be counter-productive to the country or to the future.
It will further accelerate the country's encouragement, guidance and support for the development of the satellite Internet industry.
It was proposed that the low-orbit broadband multimedia satellite “g60 chain” would be built, that the experimental satellite would complete its launch and that the network would be successfully assembled, that one phase would implement 1,296 satellites and that a network of more than 12,000 satellites would be achieved in the future; that, on 7 October, the Ministry of Information and Communications had indicated that the system of access to satellite Internet operations would be promoted in a step-by-step and phased manner; and that 25-27 October,
The China Satellite Applications Conference was held in Beijing, where experts and satellite-related enterprises gathered to discuss trends in the development of our satellite industry.
On 20 November, Shanghai launched the Shanghai City Plan of Action for Commercial Space Development to Create Space Information Products (2023-2025), another important satellite since Shanghai City proposed the “Sky Earth Integration” satellite Internet on board 2023.10.19, and 2023.7.25 for the “g60 chain”
Industrial policy, which proposes 50 commercial rockets per year, 600 commercial satellite batch manufacturing capabilities by 2025, and key technologies such as offshore platform launch, repeatable rocket vertical lift-off and landing, underscore the determination to develop the commercial space industry vigorously.
Satellite operating services are the value focus of the satellite industrial chain: satellite manufacturing and launch services have increased significantly in 22 years. The global space economy continues to flourish, with a total global space industry revenue of $384 billion in 2022, according to sia data, a 0.5 per cent decrease compared to 2021, of which the satellite industry earns $281 billion.
This represents 73% of global space industry revenue, an increase of 0.5% in 2021. Of the total satellite industry revenue, ground equipment generated $14.5 billion, yoy + 2.1%, or 51.6%, and was the bulk of the satellite industry income, yoy + 15.3%; launch services generated $7 billion, yoy + 22.8%, the fastest growth rate.
We believe that the satellite Internet has made substantial progress, driven by multiple forces such as national policy support, technological development, industrial capital support, etc., and that the whole launch network or speed is expected to increase. Satellite services are the price focus of the satellite’s industrial chain, and China’s Wetton is the leader of our satellite communications operations, or is expected to benefit from depth.
3 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 3.1 Profit Forecast Scenarios are separated from Business Company is the second largest fixed telecommunications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world, operating the main satellite space segment
As of 8 September 2023, the company had achieved a double-digit growth in its performance at the domestic satellite communications operating market, with net return profits of $570 million, and high-throughput satellite resources, which have gradually taken the lead in expanding markets in the fields of aviation, ocean and other satellite Internet.
In the context of the accelerated growth of the inter- and intra-satellite Internet market, there is a greater space for companies to develop over the long term. (2) In terms of profitability, it is mainly the company ' s successive launches of several satellites in recent years, resulting in increased accumulated depreciation, monitoring fees, operating costs, etc.
But the level of Māori in 2022~2023q1~3 has stabilized and the future Māori rate is expected to continue, and we have chosen to operate with companies in the satellite industry based on factors such as the nature of the industry and the business situation of the company.
Three comparable and comparable companies are comparable companies. Space macros, Chinese satellite is our leading company in the field of remote sensing applications for the planet, Chinese satellite is our leading company in microsatellites, and Chinese satellite is the owner of satellite-related operations, which are closer to the company’s business type. In 2023 ~2025, pe was 97x/82x/72x.
Companies operating in the satellite operating service under the umbrella of the Science and Technology Group are currently the only basic telecommunications operators in the country with autonomous and controlled communications broadcasting satellite resources, autonomously controlled and well-structured communications broadcasting satellite resources, frequency orbital resources, and ground station network resources. Strict qualification raises the threshold for new entrants in the industry, companies.
(b) High-volume satellites that can be used for aviation, navigation, emergency, energy, forest grass along the “one-way” route, etc.
Industry and universal service users provide high-speed network communications and satellite Internet access to effectively meet the demand for broadband communications in air travel and long-distance flights. As the domestic satellite Internet industry accelerates, public companies are the leading satellite communications operators in the country, with more than 80% of domestic markets, the second largest in Asia and the second largest in the world.
Thanks to the continued development of the national space industry, especially the accelerated construction and deployment of the satellite Internet, corporate performance is expected to grow in the coming years. The monopolistic competitiveness and potential for future development of the satellite Internet is covered for the first time, with a “recommended” approach.
1) Downstream demand is less than expected: the company ' s high flux satellite is being used, subject to adverse factors such as the period of market nurturing and the global economic downturn, and market opening is difficult and there may be less demand than expected 2) price and profit margin changes: as the size of the company ' s satellite operating services increases, will downstream customers be likely to be
There is some uncertainty about the adjustment of product prices, which may have an impact on corporate profitability.3 Changes in industrial policy: satellite operations are more influenced by industrial policies and are also subject to bilateral trade relations, differences in regulatory policies relating to the location of operations, differences in operating environments, competition in markets, emigration
The impact of factors such as land tenure and exchange rate changes, in the event of changes in relevant industrial policies at home and abroad, may lead to conclusions on the methodological and analytical logic of the company's financial statement projections, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.