In the first half of 2019, corporate operating income increased by 22,91 per cent to $7,942 million on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a net return to the mother.
The market is high, monocrystal silicon demand is good and stable. In 2019, the global load demand was about 120gw, silicon demand was high, companies were constantly releasing their superior capacity, and by June 2019, the central ring stock of silicon monocrystal production had reached 30gw, no more than 10,000 tons.
As production expands, companies will have growing size advantages and bargaining power in the industry. Leading China’s semiconductor silicon self-control.
With its technological advantage, the Central Ring shares have been able to use the advanced military silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon-sized silicon 8 inches per month in 2018, with a real capacity of 20,000 in 12 inches. Meanwhile, it is planned to build 750,000 8 inches per month and 150,000 12 inches per month in three years.
Financial health, and a significant increase in operating cash flows. The mid-2019 report showed that net operating cash flows in the first half of the year amounted to $852 million, an increase of 57.67 per cent over the same period last year.
In both the photovoltaic and semiconductor areas, the release of productive capacity has further highlighted the advantages of scalability, with the net cash flow from corporate operations expanding, expected to reach about $3 billion throughout 2019, and the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The firm's focus on monocrystal silicon, which is the core technology, the luminous and semiconductor industry, with strong synergies between the two industries, is the representative of clean energy, the benefits of the transformation of the global energy structure, and the policy implications have diminished with the advent of a price-neutral era in the country.
Industry growth attributes are prominent. The single crystal silicon link is the highest technical barrier in the light-voltage industrial chain. The company is one of the two primers of the light-volatile silicon, with a better competitive pattern, while the company leads in the n silicon and large-size silicon layouts. In the future, with the expansion of the new battery circuits (synthesis, topcon, ibc, etc.) the company's market competitiveness will increase further, while the company's customer structure will increase.
The semiconductor industry is widely applied, the market space is huge, the semiconductor industry is at the critical stage of development, and the state requires that the various links of technology be autonomously controlled. The semiconductor silicon industry is the first in-country, with global leadership in the area of melting single crystals.
Markets, with client approval, 8 inches of silicon were released in 2018, leading to a significant increase in semiconductor operations, with production expected at the end of 2019 amounting to 2-6 inches and 300,000 per month, 8 inches and 650,000 per month, with 12 inches steadily advanced on the basis of a 20,000 inch/month test line, and company planning, certified and procured by well-known domestic and foreign customers, will enable the self-control and healthy development of the semiconductor industry in the country.
1.1 The company's main semiconductor and the new energy industry recorded sustained growth in corporate revenue and net profits. In mid-2019, it was reported that the company's operating income had increased by 22.91 per cent to $7,942 million on a year-on-year basis. Since then, there has been a marked increase in net profits from corporate income and repatriation, with a 30 per cent increase in compound revenues and a 55 per cent increase in net profits from home.
The growth in energy material production and sales in the east is due to the rise in energy resource capacity. The central ring, one of the home-grown home-grown photovoltile silicon silicon tablets, is the main product of its new energy materials. At the same time, the market is choosing a clear path for the development of high-quality single-silicon-efficient batteries, and the China Association of Photovoltaic Industries is becoming increasingly clear.
(cpia) It is projected that the market share of single crystal silicone in 2019 will go beyond polycrysilica and will remain on a year-to-year upward trend. We believe that companies will further consolidate their dominant position and achieve high-speed growth in the face of high market demand, apparent niche advantages, and even cost-leading.
The market is high, and the demand for central ring monosilica is good. According to the 19-year forecast for domestic and overseas installation, it is expected that 45-50gw will be installed in the country and about 70gw will be needed overseas.
In the face of widespread demand, companies are increasingly releasing their superior capacity, with the production of photo-volatile silicon monocrystals breaking by tons by June 2019, yielding 30gw, with the next five stages of project construction going beyond 56gw, and global market ownership reaching 45%. As capacity expands, companies will have an increasingly large size advantage and bargaining power.
Figure 5: Trends in the growth of corporate capacity, the sources of financial growth in the East, the technological advantages of technology are highlighted. Companies always adhere to differentiated business concepts to enhance their competitiveness through conceptual, technological and technological innovation.
In addition to the traditional p solar monocrystal silicon silicon tablets, the company has been very active in developing products such as cfz solar monocrystals, n solar silicon monocrystals, and n solar silicon crystals. In particular, in N-efficient silicon silicons, the company has become the largest supplier in the global market, and the battery n has become more efficient because of its conversion.
It is the direction of future batteries, and the current development and input of N-silicon silicon in the center ring will provide a solid foundation for a new future N-silicon cell. 1.3 Large-sized semiconductor guides large silicon domestication. The semiconductor industry is another direction of the company ' s dual-industry chain, with semiconductor materials and devices developed since 1998.
Semiconductor products are mainly used in electronic chips such as automobiles, communications, etc., and are now emerging in the field of artificial intelligence, leading to a boom in semiconductor. Silicon is the most important upstream material for semiconductors, and it is being shown to large silicon pieces, and the larger the size of the silicon, the smaller the unit raw materials used for semiconductor production and the more efficient the production is.
While 8-12 inches of silicon currently account for the main share of the market, domestic manufacturers produce six inches of silicon and below, for technical reasons and so on, large-scale silicon is largely import-dependent, domestic producers have a huge supply gap, and there is an urgent need for large-scale silicon domestication. Central Ring shares, using their technological advantage, are home-grown with the most advanced silicon silicon in the country, and in 2018 they achieved 8 inches of silicon per month, reaching full production.
12 inches of experimental line products are entering the sample certification phase, with a capacity of 20,000 pieces per month. Meanwhile, in January 2019, funds were raised for a large-scale silicon silicon production line project, which built up 750,000 8 inches per month and 150,000 12 inches per month in three years. This will lead to the nationalization of a large, semiconductor, the competitiveness of solid companies in the semiconductor industry, the rapid growth of semiconductor operations.
Double-drivers of the current bi-industry chain. 1.4 Significant growth in operating cash flows provides an internal dynamic. Mid 2019 reported net operating cash flows of $852 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 57.67 per cent compared to the same period last year, with a significant increase in cash flows.
The increase in operating cash flows is due mainly to a significant increase in operating income, an increase in sales, a further increase in the advantages of scalability, a growing net cash flow for the company, a source of financial prosperity for the East, as the company's capacity in both the photovoltaic and semiconductor fields is released.
At the same time, given the trend in operating cash flows over the past three years, the company ' s ability to sell or repay in the fourth quarter is relatively strong, resulting in higher net cash flows, so we expect net operating cash flows to reach about $3 billion in 2019 and to increase at a rate of 75.64 per cent throughout the year.
The price of photovoltaic silicon and industrial chains has fallen; semiconductor prices have fallen; semiconductor production has not released as expected.
JUNDAN, BA, Shanghai University of Transport, and Baa, Manchester University, joined in May 2019.
Has led the team in the preparation of the 2016 and 2017 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; was invited to serve as a nuclear research assistant at the Green Traffic Conference in Sweden, Li Wanshan, 2018, Bachelor of Science from Xianan Transport University, and Master of Nuclear Science and Engineering from Qinghua University, where he worked as a nuclear research assistant at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Centre of the Ministry of the Environment
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained.
The conclusions and recommendations are for information only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.
The Department provides or seeks to provide services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.