The global silicon taps, which are driven by innovation, benefit from the luminous, semiconductive, and innovatively driven global silicon taps, benefit from the luminous, semiconductive silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon from the beginning of the company.
Central ring shares (002129.sz) and semiconductor industries, which focus mainly on silicon links; thus, based on semiconductor industry deposits, the high-striked introduction into the photovoltaic industry in 2009 followed by the expansion of photovolcage silicon production capacity, which was 30 gw by 2019. In recent years, companies have maintained a relatively good level of production.
Growth: The company ' s net return profits have increased by 54.58 per cent annually since 2013. Over the next three years, the company has continued to expand its photovoltaic and semiconductor industries: in the photovoltaic silicon chain, the capacity has been expanded to 55gw after two years, while innovating and collaborating into the middle-and-down manufacturing chain and promoting high-efficiency photovoltaic products; in the semiconductor chain, the company has achieved 8 inches of large silicon volume production and 12 inches of large silicon.
Production, and the future of large-scale semiconductor production, will increase rapidly over the next three years. We believe that the future development of the company will benefit from the relative depth of the central ring shares at 300, the luminous and semiconductor industry’s up-to-date atmosphere: in the light-voltage area, it is now in the upward cycle and long-term space.
The long-term growth space is huge, and the short- and medium-term climate will continue to rise. In the long run, the price-free Internet era is beginning to bring about a 10-fold increase in global photovoltaic power generation; and, conservatively, we measure a 6% increase in domestic annual power generation that supports photovoltaics every year.
Prices are growing, and the size of installed aircraft is expected to continue to rise; in the future, worldwide, the start-up of emerging markets and the recovery of traditional markets are benefiting from a steady increase in global installed aircraft, with global photovoltaics expected to reach 140gw in 2021, with continuous upgrading to domestic manufacturing. Silicon is the best competitive pattern in the light-volatage chain, with the advantage of leading firms evident. In the context of monocrystal trends, by the end of 2018,
Central ring and Lungi combined production capacity have reached 53gw and oligopoly patterns are evident; industry concentration will continue to rise as the central ring and Lungi capacity are released further. This good competitive pattern leads to good pricing capacity for the leading firms: 2019q1, influenced by supply-and-demand constraints, single crystal silicon is the only single-quarter price increase in the photovoltaic chain; and, Central Ring is the only link in the chain.
In the future, leading firms will continue to improve their market competitiveness by relying on such advantages as technological R&D, industrial chain integration, and scalding. The semiconductor industry is expected to have an upturn in the atmosphere, with large silicons in size.
The industry is expected to have a bottom-up view over the next two years: the global semiconductor sector market size is generally on the rise, with a decline in growth in 2018-2019 due to factors such as the international trade situation; looking forward to the next two years, with production from 5g, new energy vehicles, artificial intelligence, etc.
With rapid growth, the semiconductor sector is expected to continue to enjoy a better climate. Large silicon sizes are wide, and national production is expected to increase with cindasecuritiesco.ltd speed: semiconductor silicons are one of the most important materials in semiconductor manufacturing, and large silicon sizeds are on the move and are now delivered at 8-12 inches.
House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, which has reached over 85 per cent, and the demand for large-scale siliconses for continued domestic and foreign expansion; the market for semiconductor silicons are now monopolized by the sea, with 93 per cent of industry top5 firms, with only a handful of companies producing 8-12 inches of silicon, but with that in mind.
By the end of the year, 8 inches of silicon production had reached 300,000 pieces per month, and 12 inches of silicon production had been made, depending on the long-term accumulation of the semiconductor silicon industry, and the company was expected to take the lead in industrial development and enter the semiconductor’s global tap. The year was 26 x, 17 x, and 13 x, respectively.
Lower than industry averages, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered: risk factors: photovoltaic industries supporting the risk of policy change; new production capacity building below expected risk; overseas market demand below expected risk; market competition increasing risk, etc.
I. Rooted in the silicone chain, photovoltage, semiconductor two-wheel drive development, Tianjin Central Ledium Semiconductor Company Ltd. was established in December 1988 and listed in April 2007. The company was formerly the Tianjin City Semiconductor Material Factory, established in 1958. It has a listed company with a dual-industry chain of electronic and solar-grade silicone (focusing on silicon silicon). By the end of 2018, the company had a photovolctal crystal silicone production capacity of 25gw.
30gw in 2019, becoming a global photovolatile single crystal silicone nest: while advancing the strategic upgrading of semiconductor material product structures towards 8-12 inches of integrated circuits, power semiconductors, micromechanical semiconductor applications, the production of 8 inches of semiconductor silicon and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon is now the leading semiconductor in the country, focusing on single crystal silicone development and development, and on the four main operational plates of the layout. Companies use single crystal silicone as their starting point and basis, covering both semiconductors and new energy photovoltaics.
The semiconductor area includes semiconductor materials, semiconductor devices and semiconductor encapsulation products, which are displayed by subsidiaries such as the company’s home office, Tianjin Ring, Central Ring Lead and Tianjin Ring; new energy photovoltaics include solar silicon, battery and component products, which are carried out by subsidiaries such as the Central Circulation, the Central Circulation Association, the National Light Voltage, and the Eastern Ribbon. At the same time, the company extends to the PV market below the PV chain to form electrical panels; and financial and other business plates, including finance leasing, new materials technology.
Figure 2: The company’s main business, which in 2009 was established with space technology, invested in a single-crystal silicon phase of solar cells to speed up the layout of the photovoltaic sector. With the rapid growth of the photovoltaic industry and the growth of the company’s productive capacity, the company’s new energy materials operations grew rapidly, with a combined growth rate of 34.5 per cent between 2013 and 2018, accounting for the share of total revenues.
In 2010, 38.4% increased to 87.9% in 2018, and in 2017, as the company ' s four-phase photovoltaic project continued to work, the production of energy released effectively reduced manufacturing costs, the level of profitability of new energy source materials business recovered, and in 2018, the Māori rate of new energy materials business declined as a result of changes in policies in the photovoltaic industry. Semiconductor material business was a traditional business area of companies, while companies extended their semiconductor software operations downstream.
Eight-inch production line performance grew rapidly each year, with semiconductor operations achieving business income of $1,013 million, or 73.55 per cent more than the previous year; profit-rich product unit price increases and process optimization, with the Māori rate for semiconductor material operations of 2018 increasing by 6.45 percentage points compared to the previous year.In terms of corporate overall performance, gains in new energy materials business have expanded rapidly in recent years, and corporate collections have increased steadily, with companies achieving revenues of 13.756 billion yuan in 2018.
In the long run, however, there is still room for increasing corporate profitability through the release of new photovoltaics, optimization of manufacturing costs, and large-scale semiconductor capacity. The overall level of cost during the company period is relatively stable.
1.1 The Silicon National Team, with the heavy responsibility of “autonomous control” of the industry, holds shares in the Tianjin Central Ring Electronic Information Group Ltd., which held 27.55% of the company's shares as of March 2019.
The Central Ring Electronics Group, the second largest city in Tianjin City and one of the country’s leading manufacturers of electronic information technology equipment, was established in 1959 as the Tianjin City Electric Industries Bureau, which, after many years of development and industrial consolidation, has now evolved into four major operational blocks of semiconductor materials and new energy sources, core basic electronic components, new generation information technology, smart equipment, and services.
The new generation of information technology products consists mainly of various types of communications equipment, communication systems, etc., most of which are used in the defence industry, with 19% of the total revenue in 2018, while the Māori rate is significantly higher than that of the rest of the plates. Most of the enterprises that are part of the national communications system have a strong overall research and development presence at the core of the plate in February 2018.
In recent years, the core electronic components package has been the first business block in the Central Circle, mainly mobile telecommunications phones such as three star communications, China mobile, Chinese telecommunications, cable-backed service providers, printed circuit boards, and so on. In recent years, its performance has been declining as a result of the continuing decline in sales to the economy and major customers.
The core companies of smart equipment and services are the Central Ring Sky and the Central Ring System, which are engaged in automated instrument production and the provision of engineering and construction services and overall solutions. The size of the collection has remained relatively stable in recent years, at about 6.8%.
The electronic information industry is currently one of the country’s most important hard-tech industries, and the country has been promoting industrial development through capital-market changes and state-owned business reforms, as evidenced by the emphasis placed on this sector by the Creative Board; in the future, the reforms will further release dividends, and China’s equity shares are expected to benefit from them.
The company’s predecessor entered the solar monocrystal silicon manufacturing field in 1981. In March 2009, the company’s subsidiary, Eurasia, and the Shanghai Space Shuttle, jointly invested in the formation of the intra-Mongolian ring glimmer, which began to scale up the production of solar monocrysilicon tablets.
At the end of 2018, a four-phase and four-phase conversion project in Inner Mongolia was launched, with the company ' s overall capacity reaching 25 gw and plans to promote 30 gw in 2019 through management optimization, process re-engineering, etc. At the same time, the company launched a five-phase photovoltaic project in 2019, planning for an additional 25 gw output, and the overall capacity of the post-partum company will reach 55 gw, which will further consolidate the oligarchy advantage of the industry.
2.1 The amount of light voltage is on the rise, with long-term growth space, and the second half of 2019 will be in the middle of the upward cycle. The upward cycle begins in the fourth quarter of 2018, and the outbreak of overseas demand in the first half of 2019 has increased the overall industrial chain. Looking ahead: in the short term, domestic and foreign demand is clearer in the second half of 2019: in the medium and long term, the upward cycle is expected to last at least 2-3 years, by
In 2019, in the context of the widening gap in photovoltaic subsidies, there was a major change in the thinking of the policy. The domestic photovoltaic project was divided into non-subsidized and subsidized projects, for which the state no longer arranged photovoltaic construction.
At the same time, new projects are supported by explicit subsidies, which will lead to a marked improvement in project cash flow. The price falls have been remarkable, and subsidies have been accelerated. According to the results of the 2019 photovoltaic subsidy competition, published by the National Energy Agency, the total size of the 2019 bid was 22.79gw.
Division/kwh, 5.58/kwh; iii resource areas 7.49/kwh, 8.46/kwh, respectively; accelerated degradation of subsidy intensity, facilitated by competitive pricing policies, the era of parity, the arrival of the first photovoltaic flat price projects, and the advent of price parity. In May, the first list of photovoltaic parity projects was published by the Commission, the Energy Authority, in 2019, of which 168 items combined 14.78gw, and we counted that parity projects specified 4.61gw by 2019 and 9.12gw by 2020.
The project covers 12 provinces and is dominated by a resource area of the iii type in the central and eastern regions. We believe that the 2019 PFP project is on a scale that is expected to expand further with the creation of a renewable power supply guarantee mechanism, the delivery of PFP projects and the guarantee of the conditions for their elimination.
In the first half of 2019, because of the late landing of the policy related to the construction of domestic photovoltaics, the addition of new engines was dominated by the previous year’s explicit projects such as the Partial Leaders Project and the Poverty Alleviation Project, and the first half of the year’s reduction of 11.40gw in domestic photovoltaics was 53%, with the photovoltaic station filling 6.82gw, a 43% decline in the same year, and the distribution of 4.58gw, a 63% decrease in the same period.
The competitive bidding process has also been completed, with project owners starting from three quarters starting to build the project. The construction of photovoltaic power is expected to be on a scale of around 50gw throughout the year, including a bid of 23gw, 3.5gw for households, 4.5gw for parity, 4.5gw for poverty alleviation, and superhigh voltage demonstration projects 9gw, and 4.5gw for runners, with 40-45gw light voltage in 2020 that can be built and networked in the year. In 2019, owing to the lateness of the policy, the industry actually had only about half a year of loading time.
The approximate rate of counting policy will continue to be the 2019 tone, with the policy expected to land in the first half of 2020, giving the project owner more time to load. At the same time, from the first set of parity projects, the size of the proposed grid is nearly doubled by 2020 compared to the size of the 2019 grid, and the catalogue of subsequent parity projects is expected to add up to the 2020 flat price plan.
Electricity increases at a rate of more than 5 per cent, yielding 6994 billion kwh in 2018, an increase of 8.4 per cent over the previous year, and we assume a growth rate of 6 per cent in future years. In recent years, the share of new light-voltaic power generation in total new power generation has been around 10 per cent, and given the replacement of clean energy from conventional energy in the new loaders, we assume that in the future it will be 12 per cent of the total additional electricity generation, assuming that the average number of hours spent on photovoltaic power generation will be 1,200h, in which case the size of additional photovoltaic-loading units in future years will be derived.
There is still much room for growth in the size of installed aircraft, taking into account such factors as the increase in future power generation and the increase in the capacity of new sources of energy to absorb new energy. Offshore installed aircraft have continued to grow, raising demand for domestic manufacturing ends.
In 2018, the world achieved 108gw photovoltaics, a 9.1% increase over the same period, with emerging markets representing regions with sufficient light resources in the Middle East, Africa, and South America benefiting from a decrease in the cost of photovoltaic power and a rapid increase in the size of installed machines; the traditional installed market, represented by the United States and Europe, was weakened by policy influence and power growth pushed the growth of PVs. In the future, global PVs are expected to reach 125, 135, and 140gw, respectively, in 2019-2021.
In January-June 2019, domestic component exports grew by 86.0% over the same period, with 5.97gw exports in June increasing by 95.8% over the same period. 2.2 Supply and demand were tightened, and the reverse of silicon prices continued with the largest decrease in the price of 2018h2 single crystalline silicon, with 2019q1.
Changes: after the New Deal of 2018q3531, prices in the whole industry chain fell considerably, while prices in the single crystal chain at higher sales prices fell more than in the multi-crystal industry chain, with relatively large decreases in the middle battery and silicon links; 2018q4, with higher-than-expected growth in overseas demand and high demand for high-efficiency monocrystal products driven by domestic pilot projects, rapid price increases in single crystal perc batteries, small increases in the price of single crystal components, and prices continue to decline upstream in the industrial chain due to a better supply than before 2018.
Half a year, single crystal silicone is the largest drop in the industrial chain. 219q1, single crystal silicone price inverted to the single-quarter price increase in the industrial chain, with single crystal silicone price rising in the first half of the year.
In the meantime, the sharp fall in the price of silicon in the second half of 2018 has led to further market concentration towards leading enterprises, with silicon links becoming the most concentrated link in the entire industry chain, with limited new production capacity in the first half of 2019, and the current tight supply of silicon crystals due to their combined effect. Looking ahead, supply and demand will remain better in the coming year, and the climate is expected to continue.
2.3 Single crystallines establish, oligopoly patterns are evident, monocrystal routes are established, and the market rate continues to rise. In the early years, the price of polycrystal silicons is much lower than the price of monocrysilsils, owing to lower quality requirements for raw materials, simpler production processes, and therefore higher market rates.
According to the China Photovoltaic Industry Association (cpia), the market share of single crystal silicon tablets was about 45% in 2018, with 39.5% of the p type single crystals and 5.5% of the n type single crystals. Meanwhile, the China Photovoltaic Industry Association (cpia) predicts that the market share of single silicone tablets will surpass the market share of multiple silicon tablets in 2019 and will remain on the upward trend year by year, reaching 73% by 2025.
The current oligopoly pattern of single crystal silicon is clear. In mid-2018, ring shares and Lungi shares of silicon, respectively, produced 3 billion and 3.6 billion pieces, which together accounted for 32 per cent of the country ' s total silicon production and 70 per cent of the total production of single silicon. By the end of 2018, the combined capacity of the two units had reached 53gw, with a clear oligopoly pattern.
2.4 The company has a technological and cost advantage and has a more difficult leadership, management skills, deep-saturation, and Mr. Shen Hoping, Chairman of the company, and Mr. Lungi, Senior Manager, Chung Bao-Shin and Mr. Lee Jin-Guk, all graduated from the Faculty of Physics at the University of Lanzhou, and Mr. Shen went into company production when he graduated.
One-line exposure to production, deep technology, led the development of a number of products and technologies, including “single crystals of gas-combined”, “gas-combined and neutron irradiation monocrystals.” Management technology sources also provide companies with good technological genes, with a ratio of R & D inputs of more than 5% between the central ring and Lungi shares in recent years, laying a good foundation for product upgrading and reduction efficiency gains.
In 2017, the company acquired 30% of Xinjiang, a subsidiary of Xinjiang, Xinjiang, and Xinjiang, a subsidiary of Xinjiang.
By the end of 2018, 60,000 tons of silicon production capacity had been put into production, to a certain extent, to guarantee the company's supply of single crystal silicon: in the same year, the company, together with the company's subsidiary, Suzhou, was able to expand the company's photovoltaic silicon production by 30% of the company's silicon purchases and silicon sales in 2019.
In Mongolia, where the photovoltaic base is laid, the cost of electricity purchases represents more than 6% of the company’s non-silicon cost. In recent years, companies have moved to lower-priced Inner Mongolia.
In the first nine months, the cost of non-silicon decreased steadily. The next generation of battery/assembly technology promoted industrial innovation. In July 2019, the company took part in a competition to win 40% of the Eastern Ring, which was set up in February 2017 by the company in collaboration with the Eastern Electric, Sunpower and others.
The company is the only manufacturer in the country authorized to obtain a legal intellectual property licence for the sunpower assembly technology. In July 2019, the sunpower technology was officially licensed for our inventions and for the design of the skin. Since February 2017, the Eastern ring has been implementing the 5gw high-efficiency superstation battery assembly project, which has now produced 2gw capacity, unlike the use of a transfer bar between traditional assembly cells.
The connection structure, which takes full advantage of the inter-component lacuna, improves the effective area utilization of the components and effectively reduces the containment loss of the components through unique circuit design and battery-string techniques, which are currently more than 6 per cent more efficient than conventional component conversions, and will further improve the conversion efficiency of the stacking units as they continue to be optimized. At the same time, the stacking components have a useful life of up to 30 years, which is higher than the conventional components of 5 years.
Third, the semiconductor atmosphere is expected to rise upwards, and the large-scale silicon industry is expected to develop upwards upwards. The silicon is a semiconductor-manufacturing core material. The global market size of the semiconductor sector is on the rise and the future climate is expected to rise. The semiconductor is the foundation of the country's hard technology, the size of the industry market and macroeconomy.
In 2017, as a result of strong end-market demand for semiconductor products, continued growth of computers, mobile communications, solid-state hard drives, industrial electronics markets, rapid growth in new applications such as artificial intelligence, block chains, physical networking, automobile electronics, an annual growth rate of 21.60% of global semi-conductor sales revenue, and a decline in growth rates in 2018-2019, despite changes in the international trade situation.
Semiconductor materials include semiconductor manufacturing materials and semiconductor encapsulation materials, and semiconductor silicon tablets are an important component of semiconductor manufacturing materials. The semiconductor system has been growing faster in size than in the closed materials market since 2009.
The semiconductor silicon is divided by process and can be divided into silicon grinding chips, silicon silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The global semiconductor industry has grown in sales in recent years, from $7.2 billion to $11.4 billion in 2016-2018, with an average annual compound increase of 25.8%; the semiconductor silicon output has grown in size from 10.74 billion square inches to 12.73 billion square inches, with an annual compound growth rate of 8.89%.
Long-term growth in industry has been strong, and the sales of semiconductor silicon are expected to increase rapidly. Figure 33: Global sales of semiconductor silicon tablets for calendar years. Figure 34: Global exports of semiconductor silicon tablets for calendar years.
3.2 The large size of the semiconductor silicon silicon silicon is driven by a large trend of 50 mm (2 inches), 75 mm (3 inches), 100 mm (4 inches), 150 mm (6 inches), 200 mm (8 inches) and 300 mm (12 inches). According to Moore's Law, when prices are constant, the number of components that can be accommodated on the integrated circuit is about double every 18-24 months.
The greater the diameter of the silicon silicon, the greater the number of chips that can be made on a single silicon, the lower the cost of the unit chip. The semiconductor silicon silicon, influenced by Moore's law, is constantly moving in the direction of large sizes.
Figure 36: The semiconductor silicon size evolution history 200 mm silicon with 300 mm silicon 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon are the dominant products of the current market, with the 12 inches of silicon silicon remaining on the rise in recent years.
The sum of the area has been maintained at 85-90% and rising year by year, with a market share of 63.31% and 26.34% of the silicon 8-inch and 12-inch silicon, respectively, totalling about 90%. In application areas, the 12-inch semiconductor silicon tablets have been used mainly in areas such as logical circuits and storages; the cost factors in areas such as simulation chips, sensors and power devices will continue to be dominated by 8-inch applications, and the producers of power devices, sensors, etc. will transfer some of their production capacity from 6 to 8 inches,8
Inch silicone output will continue to grow faster. 3.3 Downstream expansion accelerates demand for silicone products. Downstream crystal mill expansion increases demand for semiconductor silicon.
According to Semi, the global production of 8-inch crystal mills is expected to increase in 2019-2022, and the continued expansion of downstream crystal mills will further increase the demand for semiconductor silicon tablets. The expansion of domestic crystal mills has accelerated. As of the first quarter of 2018, there were 11 12-inch crystal production lines in operation in the mainland region, with a combined capacity of about 650,000 pieces.
10,000 per month; 6 8-inch crystalline production lines under construction, with a combined capacity of 240,000 units per month. 3.4 semiconductor silicon markets are monopolized overseas, with high market concentration for the import of alternative semiconductor silicon silicon chips, which are manufactured as a key chip in a wide range of spaces.
The country’s semiconductor silicon firm, which produced only a handful of producers, including central ring shares, produced 8 inches of semiconductor silicon. Before 2017, 12 inches of silicon were almost entirely import-dependent, and in recent years domestic firms have accelerated their technological breakthroughs and gradually achieved large-scale production capacity.
3.5 The company accelerated the construction of large silicon production capacity, which is about to enter a concentrated release phase. In August 2013, the company achieved a mass production of 8 inches of semiconductor single crystal silicon, which was applied to the 8 inch molten spectrometer of the gbt device, to the 8 inch redispers of power devices, and to the lowcop in the integrated circuit field, which was subsequently certified by clients and delivered in bulk. In 2018, the company ' s Tianjin plant produced 8 inches of photofiche production.
At the same time, the company is actively working on the development and certification of 12 inches of silicon silicon, which is currently being tested 12 inches per quarter in 2018, and has now started to authenticate samples to clients. In early 2019, the company released a non-public development fund-raising plan to raise $5 billion for the semiconductor silicon production line project, resulting in 750,000 pieces per month, 8 inches per month, and 150,000 pieces per month, 12 inches per month.
New energy materials: By the end of 2018, the company had 25gw solar silicon production capacity, which was upgraded to 30gw in 2019, and the company launched a five-phase project in 2019, planning 25gw production capacity, which will be operational in 2021-2022, with the company’s overall capacity reaching 55gw or more. As the global light-voltage machine demand improves, the light-voltage chain pressure is gradually released, and the company, as the leader of the photo-silica industry, continues to promote mitigation efficiency and profitability is expected to recover.
We expect future synergies to emerge through the operation of batteries and components, such as national photovoltaics, oriental rims, and the storage of next-generation photovoltaic technology. We expect the company's semiconductor material business: the company's large 8-inch silicon has been produced and 12-inch silicon has been shown to its clients. In early 2019, the company released a non-public release plan for the construction of 750,000 tablets per month, 8 inches per month, and 150,000 pieces per month, 12 inches per month, and the application has now been approved by the Certification Commission, and we assume that the project has been temporarily debted.
The financing solution is that, with large-scale silicone production, the company’s semiconductor material operations are expected to rise in volume terms. We expect the company’s semiconductor material operations to reach 15.13, 24.12, and 3,269 million yuan in 2019-2021, an increase of 49.4%, 59.4%, and 35.5% in comparison.
The photovoltaic sector supports the risks of policy change; new capacity-building is less than expected; overseas market demand is less than expected; and market competition increases the risks, among others. The industry is driven by cycles and growth.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.