At the end of the day, the platform's business wants to get out of the seafood business (603288.sh) on 31st of March, 2021.
• Performance is as expected, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of $5.7 billion in the seafood industry of 2020q4, an increase of 14.7 per cent, and a net return of $1.83 billion, an increase of 20.6 per cent. Taking into account that the expansion of new products will contribute to some of the growth, an upward revision of future revenue assumptions and profit projections, it is projected that 2021-
Competition power, multi-product development market share still expands, has platform business potential, and maintains the “buy-in” rating firm's goal of fulfilling its tasks at a pace, and the new product should be a significant incremental contribution in the future.
7051, with a smooth completion of the target. The Eastern, Central and Western Regions recorded faster growth of more than 20 per cent in the fourth quarter; the South (+4.4 per cent) and the Northern regions (+7.5 per cent) continued to perform poorly.
Promotional costs offset income. Both aggregates still contribute positively to profit margins. Management and financial cost rates have not changed significantly, with a four-quarter net interest rate increase of 1.6 pct and further increase in profitability. By 2021, prices of raw materials are projected to fall by 0.5 pct, and sales are strictly regulated.
The downward trend in both management cost rates, with net profit targets increasing by 18.0 per cent and net interest rates still rising, is also reflected in the corporate update report - performance against expectations, the expansion of the quality category in an orderly manner and the emergence of platform-based enterprises.
In the first place, the company has increased its efforts at the end of the channel, further refined the channel, and some of the channels may operate separately between the old and new categories.
At the end of the product, there has been a steady expansion of the three main groups of products, where vinegar and alcohol are expected to grow, and where new products, with hot pots, have a high degree of certainty about the development of taps, -2020.8.28, are marketed for composite spices, and the oil for food has been marketed. At the beginning of the year, new products have been added to the pasta market.
In the future, there is a sense of optimism about the future.