Daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco: Yearly assessment of seafood industry: annual target exceeded target and expected speed of new products
Anecdotal event: Year 2020 report by the Seafood industry to achieve harvests, net profit returns to mothers, income analysis: alfon oil class increases faster and channels sink more rapidly than ever before, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Seafood Industries (603288), three seasons of seafood, revenue split, 1) Sub-products: soy sauce, sauce sauce, aphid oil, $13 billion each, report evaluation: progress level, year round.
In addition, this year, the company gained market appreciation for the introduction of simple sauce, hot boilers, nudity sauce, fast-combined spices, etc.; 2) Subregion: West and South regions performed well, with growth of 26 per cent and 17 per cent, respectively, the West benefited mainly from the expansion of distributors, while Central, East and North performed less than the company
3. Sub-channels: below-line sales of $21.25 billion, i.e. +15.84 per cent, wire ownership of 7051 dealers, a net increase of 1,245 throughout the year, with a net increase of up to 365 dealers in the north and west, and the current network of companies covering 31 provincial administrative regions across the country, at more than 320
Local municipalities, more than 2,000 county-level markets: profit analysis: change in accounting standards, a certain anomaly in the profit sheet
The Year's review of the seafood industry: the annual target has been exceeded and the speed of the new product class is expected. (Same-same-4.93pct, mainly based on the new income guidelines, q4 hedges the promotion fee against operating income.)
The financial indicator affected by accounting policy q4 was abnormal, with a Māori rate of 41.86 per cent, compared with the 21-year outlook: higher costs expected to bear on Māori and faster storage of new items, with a cost of 8.11 per cent for the period, compared with the 21-year period, taking into account factors such as the upturn in the cost of raw materials such as soy beans.
Decline 0.87 pct. In 21 years, the company will insist on developing three core categories of soy sauce, aphid oil, fermented vinegar, and will accelerate the development of the successor categories of compound sauce, chicken sperm, hot pots, vinegar, so that a new product will grow and build new growth in the future.
Outlook for the future: 3 by 5 continues to be good for spices, class, channel deepening 2019-2023 for the five years of the company ' s 3 by 5 plan, and the company will continue to be weak in terms of class and channel, and will insist on a two-digit increase. 1) Goods: further development of soy sauce,
The market edge of the three core products of aphid oil and soy sauce is expected to rise from 40 per cent to 50 per cent of the current volume of soybean oil, to strengthen the new market for soy sauce, and to focus on new products such as vinegar, alcohol and soybean: 2) channels: weave the network of channels, strengthen the network of channels
In line with the company’s “3 by 5” business growth targets, revenues and profits will be maintained in 2019-2023 in combination with double-digit growth. Consider structural upgrading and product volume space, corporate channels, etc.
As we deepen our progress, we judge that the probability of a “3 by 5” plan is high and continues to be good in the long term. Profit predictions and ratings: maintaining the “buy-in” rating: the seafood industry continues to expand, thanks to its distinctive advantages in brands, channels, products, and size.
The company will continue to sustain sustained and robust growth in the future, and the “3 by 5” plan is expected to be successfully realized, benefiting from the convergence dividend, the consumption dividend, the scale dividend, and the management dividend. Taking into account the sustained steady growth in performance and the premium on the flagship valuation, we will be working on the basis of the 2022 ps.
The Year's Review of the Sea Tight Industry: the year's target was exceeded, and we're looking forward to the speed of the new product.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report