The seafood industry (603288.sh)
The year's performance is far from having been as expected: 22,790 million, an increase of 15 per cent over the year, a net profit of 6.4 billion over the year, an increase of 13,04 billion for the year, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the year.
(a) A strategy of precision, improved access, and the maintenance of a leading position for the sauce class; the arrival of 2.52 billion in sauce, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent over the same period, and the adjustment of the channel for the sauce product, which has led to an increase in the power of the channel, an improvement in the structure of the superstructure of the product, and an annual increase in the revenue from the sauce, which will provide the basis for further development;
The aphids were collected at $4.11 billion, a 17.9 per cent increase from the same year, and increased faster, with companies seizing opportunities to raise barriers to competition in terms of products, channels, brands, and further entrenching their lead position; the other groups received $3.11 billion, a 30 per cent increase from the same period, and the beneficiary companies benefited from small products.
The cost of 40 soy sauces, flavour sauces, alfalfas, alfalfa oils, etc., is adjusted by income guidelines, the cost of transportation is adjusted from sales to operating costs, and the cost of promotions is offset by a 36.9 per cent decrease in sales costs over the reporting period.
The rise in the number of outlets has also had some impact on the Māori rate, with 1,245 net new distributors and 312 net new distributors throughout the year, and the continued sophistication and sinking of channels, which have further consolidated the company’s access advantages and, on the other hand, the company’s acceleration of online business expansion.
Increasing the pace of marketing of new retail products, increasing end-use and branding influence, integrating competitiveness In terms of capacity, companies continue to expand their productive capacity, the smart base continues to expand, with an annual capacity increase of 450,000 tons, a housing start-up phase II, an annual capacity increase of 200,000 tons and construction in major logistics hub cities throughout the country
The company’s products, channels, internal construction, etc., go hand in hand, steady and firm. Short-term prices are 68 and 57 times higher, respectively, maintaining “inter-zone” investment proposals.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified for audit.