The company's “recommended” resources (000975.sz) are $663 million, an increase of 96.78 per cent over the same period; the company proposes to achieve a gain of $0.33 per share.
Ye Xiaocheng (i) Hek Ha Gyeongtai has come into production, increased production and cost significantly reduced the performance of the booster company
Four years later, in 2018, the company’s sales of precious metals increased significantly from the same year to the same year in 2017. In 2018, the company produced 5.6 tons of mineral gold, 191.42 tons of mineral silver and lead concentrate gold, mineral silver, lead powder and zinc powder, respectively.
1.4 million tons and 2.04 million tons. For metal prices, the average domestic prices of gold and silver in the previous period in 2018 were $273.87 and $3657.39 per kilogram, respectively, down 1.47 per cent and 8.78 per cent respectively; the market prices for lead and zinc were 19,000 and 23.5 million yuan, respectively.
Tons, rising by 3.75% and falling by 2.14%, respectively. Since the Galactic mine of the Black River is one of the highest gold deposits currently detected in the country, accompanied by silver, the average gold in the order of 15.38g/t, silver 94.07g/t, accompanied by the mining of the Yulong.
The technological adaptation of the mining system and the development of the underground works of the Gilling Temple have been gradually completed, significantly reducing the production costs of the company. In 2018, the Fed suspended interest increases to support the company’s performance in mineral gold, mineral silver, lead powder and zinc powder.
The downturn in US leading economic data indicators, such as the US-ism manufacturing pmi index and retail sales, also bodes well for America’s economic outlook. And in April 2019, US debt fell again in length, or the same way.
The Fed, with signs of deterioration in the US economy, issued the expected dove attitude of the supermarkets. According to the Fed’s inaugural meeting in March, interest rates were kept constant, while the Fed’s 2019 interest increase was planned by the Fed.
Two adjustments to no higher interest rates and a possible end-of-September schedule confirmed to the market that the Fed's expectation of a suspension of interest-raising cycles and even a re-opening of monetary easing, if necessary, gave the Fed an opportunity to re-pricing gold. Moreover, recent oil prices have re-emerged and increased the United States.
The country’s inflation expectations, which have led to the weakening of real interest rates in the United States, have supported a steady rise in gold prices. Taking into account the potential dynamics of gold and silver repair, or keeping the company’s future (iii) expansion and prospecting enhancement projects steady will strengthen the company’s future growth base.
The company's Qinghai Tsaidan project, which is currently under construction due to the diversion of the mining system from open to underground mining, resumed production by the end of April 2018, which will further increase the company's gold production after delivery. According to the company's annual net profit on the three gold mines belonging to Shanghai Shenwe, which is 935 million yuan, of which 679 million won in 2018 and at least 870 million won in the next two years.
By the end of 2018, all the well tubes had been laid down, except for the main well towers, the other wells had been installed and were in the commissioning phase and were expected to be ready for use by October 2019.
It is expected that, by the end of 2019, the open-pit sub-welling of the Shirathai river will have reached mining capacity, while the expansion of the Tung An gold mine will have reached 1,200 tons/day. In 2018, the Jilin Temple completed the tailings and 800,000 tonnes/year of capacity expansion, pending the completion of the sub-dwelling development, and 7 percentage points will have been raised to 800,000 tonnes/year.
In addition, the Yulong mine has four prospecting rights, which cover a total of 41.11 square kilometres, a total of 1818 tons of silver metal in 2018, part of the amount of resources in the prospecting area which has not been reviewed, and a possible future increase in storage.
There are nine gold mineral prospecting certificates in Jilin and Qinghai. There are approximately 260 square kilometres of exploration for the right to prospecting. Prospecting works are ongoing in Qinghai, Qinghai, Qinghai, on the Blue Dragon Beach and on the wells of the Crystal Trench, with 35.28 tons of gold metal in the amount of resources retained in the right to prospecting. The company's strategic orientation for the expansion of the existing mines and the increase in the reserves of prospecting is clear, benefiting from the US Federal Reserve's suspension of the interest-added process.
We believe that the global economy is entering a resonance phase, that central banks, led by the Federal Reserve, will return to monetary marginal easing, and that the price of precious metals such as gold and silver will rise into a new cycle of growth. The rise in precious metal prices, coupled with the expansion of the company’s productive capacity, will make the company’s future performance flexible.
2) The Federal Reserve relaunched the credit scale process: 3) The new project is not as productive as expected.