Silver and Thai resources (000975) Performance meets expectations, gold operations take a look, silver and Thai resources (000975) are reported on a quarterly basis.
On the evening of April 25, Silver and Thai resources released a performance report for the first quarter of 2019. The company realized a revenue of 1,128 million yuan, an increase of 33.14 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $170 million for mothers, an increase of 46.31 per cent in the same year; and an increase of eps0.087 per share.
The average gold price of 2019q1 exceeds $284/g (the average gold price of 2018q1 is approximately $273/g). The combined Māori rate is good for the medium to long term.
In 2018, the company officially crossed the gold business with the three Great Chaidan mines from the Black River, and it is expected that its performance will gradually be released through the acquisition of the Black River Milkytan (one of the highest gold mines detected in the country), the Jilin Tablet Temple and the Qinghai Great Zaydan mines.
\triangleright completes the safe receipt and inspection work before the end of the month.
The Gold Association reviewed and approved the expected completion of the expansion of the mine selection process in 2019: work is under way to open the Jilin temple wells; the capacity of the mine is expected to reach 800,000 tonnes/year; and the accumulated gold resources of the Qinghai Zaydan have reached 53.05 tonnes (average grade 4.12 g/t) and production is expected to resume by the end of April 2019.
Research Assistant: Xue Shaoyang ' s successful advancement of the project will further enhance the company ' s performance.
Performance gains. Performance is expected to increase steadily as projects progress well. The forecast is 30 times the ps score for 2019-2021, 34 times the gold plate market surplus, and the company's valuation is relatively low, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. Silver-Thai Resources (000975), 2018: Gold Mine Assets Release Performance, Corporate Transformation is steadily moving forward.
A summary of the company ' s financial statement data projections is Jonesy, Dean of the Graduate School, Assistant President of Democratic Securities, and after a Ph.D. in Financial Mathematics at Vanderbilt University, Dr. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts at the University of Gangdan, Xuesiaoyang, Bachelor of Actuarial Science and Master of Financial Mathematics at the University of Monas, Australia, in the non-ferrous metals industry and corporate research.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.