Cost falls increase corporate profits, big woodbacks, silver resources (000975.sz) to anchor future growth.
The company ' s operating income in the first quarter of 2019 amounted to $1,128 million, an increase of 33.14 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $170 million for the mother, an increase of 46.31 per cent in the same year, and a gain of $0.09 per share. (i) A small increase in the value of the gold and a decrease in the cost to boost the company ' s performance
There has been an increase in the sale of the mineral products of the jade dragon, as well as costs due to the introduction of the Milky Way river, the technological adaptation of the jade dragon mine and the steady advancement of the elixir temple.
Wu Jianjun gradually fell, and the company’s Māori sales rate reached 29.76%, an increase of 1.24 percentage points over the same period, which boosts the company’s performance.
According to the previous period and the National Bureau of Statistics, metal prices also changed to varying degrees during the same period. The average domestic prices of gold and silver in the previous quarter of 2019 were $286.47 and $376.78 per kilogram, respectively, an increase of 3.87 per cent and -2.27 per cent, respectively.
Larger, the market prices for lead and zinc amounted to 17.5 million yuan per ton and 22.2 million yuan per ton, down by 8.39 per cent and 15.03 per cent, respectively. (ii) Demand was strong and the Fed suspended interest increases, and gold and silver prices supported the company ' s performance
Unlike the long-term adjustment of the price of lead and zinc, the price of gold and silver has entered a long-term path. According to the World Silver Association, global silver demand reached a three-year high in 2018, exceeding 1 billion ounces, an increase of 4% over 2017.
In addition, the US economy’s downward pressure will gradually increase the price of precious metals. In April, the US debt fell again in the end-of-the-end rate, heralding uncertainty in the US economy.
Large. With the US economy showing signs of deterioration, the Fed issued a pre-eminenceed dove attitude. The Fed’s 2019 interest increase plan was adjusted from two to no more interest increases, with a possible end-of-September contraction plan, and monetary easing was expected to increase and support gold.
Prices go up the road, and, in the long run, there is a possibility that the silver ratio will be repaired, and the silver price will be more resilient than gold. A strong resonance of gold and silver prices will strengthen the company’s future business (iii) the recovery, expansion, and increased prospecting project will strengthen the company’s failure.
The company announced on April 26th of the year that Qinghai Tsai would be officially reworked. According to the company, Qinghai Tsai's gold resources have reached 53.05 tons, with an average grade of 4.12 g/t, and mining rights.
Following up, the company will press ahead with the development of the mining industry, seeking to expand its capacity as soon as possible, with the expectation of increasing company profits. According to the company’s performance commitment to the three gold mines in Shanghai, the mine’s assets were net profit achieved between 2017 and 2020.
For the next two years, at least 870 million yuan is required to realize non-profits, up to a maximum of 28.13 per cent of the performance of the three mines, if measured in 2019. The mining system in the Yulong mine has been technically upgraded to a maximum capacity of 3,500 tons per day, with a safe acceptance completed by the end of 2018 and by October of that year.
At the same time, the expansion of the gold mine will result in a processing capacity of 1,200 tons per day. In 2018, the Jilin Temple completed the completion of the tailings and the 800,000 tons/year expansion of capacity, while the underground development work will be completed, the mining capacity will increase by 7 percentage points to 800,000 tons/year, and the grade of the minerals will gradually increase.
With regard to the increased storage of prospecting, the Yulong mine has four prospecting rights, the exploration scope for prospecting rights amounts to 41.11 square kilometres, the prospecting certificate for gold mines in 2018 and the exploration scope for prospecting rights is approximately 260 square kilometres. The prospecting process under the Blue Dragon Beach and Crystal Hole wells in the Qinghai Sea is ongoing and the amount of gold metal in the resources retained for prospecting rights is 35.28 tons.
The Fed’s suspension of interest hikes to dovetail monetary policy, lower real interest rates in the United States, higher prices, and the benefits of strong white and silver demand and better gold and silver are supportive of the company’s performance.
There is resilience, and precious metal prices are under pressure, but we believe that, in the long run, the global economy has entered a resonance phase, with central banks, led by the Federal Reserve, re-entering a monetary marginal easing cycle, and price increases for precious metals. The rise in precious metal prices, combined with the expansion and recovery of the company’s productive capacity, will support the company’s future performance growth.
1) The prices of gold and silver have fallen sharply: 2) The Fed has recommenced the credit scale process: 3) The new project is not as productive as expected.