The net profit in the third quarter of Texas (00292.sz) increased by 106% over the same period, while the continued use of smart driving operations increased by 350 million yuan, or +106%, in the third quarter of 2023.
The revenue is $14,470 million, or +43.12 per cent, and the net profit to the mother is $960 million, or +38.70 per cent. The billing goes beyond the car industry by 53.5 pct (q3 domestic vehicle output is equal to +4.0 per cent), and the collection scale is continuing.
The company ' s Māori rate is expected to be related to the exchange rate, the net interest rate is expected to be equal to double the ring, and the stock client ' s high-growth and incremental vehicle-based emissions contribute 2023q3 significant performance growth. On the one hand, at the stock end, the company ' s important clients are ideal cars, Gilly cars, Walley cars, a populaire, and a wide carrier.
In the case of smart cabins, 2023h1,
The company's smart seating operations have generated $6.25 billion, compared to +19 per cent, the company's third generation smart cabin controls, the manufacturer's accompaniment to a large number of customers, such as ideal cars, Chirre, the fourth generation smart cabin controls, multiple project orders, more differential cabin control programmes, and auto domain controls.
New products such as arhud, electronic rearview mirrors are being introduced. In smart driving, 2023h1, corporate intelligence.
The first quarter of 2023 saw a 27 per cent increase in the same year in the first quarter of De Cecives (002922.sz). Supercar, Lutus, upper steam, etc., have a large number of customers with a high volume of production, the size of the collection has increased rapidly, and the number of projects has been set and is about to be delivered at a higher price than the smart driving support programme.
In addition, the company accelerated its internationalization, 2023h1, the European second plant's capacity was gradually upgraded, and 3d was based on the "Deserceville " (0029220.sz) - Construction of auto computing and interactive substations -
The laboratory was built in an orderly manner, and the newly acquired antenna test and certification company, atc, was integrated into the company’s operating system.
Overall, the 2023q3 Desai Weiwei camp received 53.5 pct (q3 domestic motor vehicle industry yields +1.6 per cent compared to 1.6 per cent and car production + 4.0 per cent) and continued growth in the size of the collection was largely due to the increase in sales of the company ' s smart cabins, and the same increase in sales of smart driving products.
Figure 2: Business income for the first quarter of Dessahway and increase in year-on-year ratio Figure 5: Increase in vehicle/car fleet production and increase in Desersiwe camp Figure 6: Increase in vehicle/car fleet production and increase in Dessahweeh camp quarterly
202303 Māori fell by 4.6 pct and net interest rate increased by 1.5 pcccpccccccccpd. Company figures for the first three quarters of 2023 show the evolution of the four rates in Desai Siwi, according to data released by the Chinese AutoIndustry Association, 2023q3 of the country ' s passenger vehicle output was +1.6%.
On the one hand, on the other hand, at the stock end, public goods contributed to an important performance increase of 2023q3, either in bulk or from ideal, Quily, Toyota, Hiromo, etc.
For traditional car companies, the new models of Gilly, Biadei, and Toyota are expected to continue to make a significant contribution in 2023. We have collated some of the mainstream models of Jili and Biadei, and since we were listed, the sales of Biadee seals have continued to be worth 25.8 million.
With regard to the new power of car construction, Pelipu03 autopilot controllers have been produced on Pap5 and p7, while the next generation autopilot controller ipu04, based on the British Weddarin chip, has been set for new power and mainstream traditional car companies projects and is in a production-scale climb phase, starting at 22h2.
Quantified output. Delivery of 5.54/Xiaoping/ideal 2023q3 was 5.54/400/1051 thousand, respectively, energy-motion-interactive, and Desecway was the engine of motor intelligence with an interactive car.
On-site, a breakdown of the industrial chain into "chips-systems-applications-shows" is expected to be a core interactive product, with screens, hud, glass, headlights, etc. Underboards are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart electric integration three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; intelligent driving is based mainly on "sensor-calculation platforms"
-Automated driving algorithms go to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motor control. In summary, in the future, smart cars have three core elements at the end of the vehicle: energy, motion, interaction, and Dessehway is a motor movement and an interactive motor intelligence tap.
Desecway: As a motorist and interactive motor intelligence locomotive, the heart of Desecway's business ends is in intelligent driving (21% of revenue), smart cabins (72% of revenue). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for the public, and the core is in intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu03, ipu03).
ipu04), the smart cabin is a firm business, the core of which is the large single thing in the cabin (LCD, control, airspace controller).
Joint-venture-head ownership, new forces, and joint-ventures, volume increases (customs), price increases (high-value-added product product product product extension) are the core logic that cuts across Texas customers and products. The company’s smart-networked products continue to lead the domestic market, covering both the smart cabin and the smart-drive all over the house.
The rich product mix meets the differentiated needs of different clients. 2023h1, the company's third-generation smart space controller is already in production on many of its customers, such as the ideal car, Chiré, and the fourth-generation smart space controller has obtained multiple project orders, more different seat area control schemes, and cars.
New products such as body domain controllers, arhud, electronic rearview mirrors are being introduced: high-calculus smart-driving domain controllers have been able to produce in packages of many customers, such as ideal cars, Lutus, upper steam, the size of the collection has increased rapidly, more lightweight, high-priced, intelligent-driving support programmes have acquired multiple project fixes and are about to achieve mass production;
Whale systems, digital keys and software service products continue to overlap and obtain more project orders; the cockpit integration domain control product has been secured and the smart travel solution 2.0 has been released, with smart cars carrying the central computing platform icpaurora+ibcm, holotechnics, a global view of intelligent blue whales.
Ecosystems, curved binary screens, ar-hud technological solutions, smart electronic rear-view mirrors, new technology for companies, innovative experiences for creating future intelligent travel for users, including green low-carbons, smart driving, safe travel, efficient access, “sounding” and so on.
Figure 17: Texas smartsolotion 2.0 - Carborne Central Computing Platform
On the one hand, the company, guided by its long-term development strategy, has continued to deepen its organizational transformation — the Dragon Plan, which focuses on strengthening the whole spectrum of management systems and improving their effectiveness through system optimization, digitization, intelligence, standardization.
Deeply collating, building integrated, digital supply chain management systems. On the other hand, companies use the concept of mutually beneficial win-win, open-sharing to build stronger “friendship circles” through supply chain optimization, production and research cooperation, strategic cooperation, capital cooperation, etc.
“Experience” was a successful theme, exploring with a wide range of partners the technological breakthroughs and real cars of the central computing platform, and with the growth of motor power and intelligence, the influence of Chinese branded cars has gradually increased, and more autonomous brands have moved to international markets. The internationalization strategy is the direction that companies have been pursuing for many years, hoping to move through the country.
In recent years, companies have taken on a whole range of internationalization strategies, optimizing internationalized management and service systems, enhancing international human capacity development, accelerating the construction and expansion of overseas research and development manufacturing bases, and investing greater resources in international business.
The European company’s second plant has been able to increase production capacity, the 3d laboratory has been built in an orderly manner, the research and development and service packages have been strengthened, and the newly acquired antenna testing and certification company, atc, has been integrated into the company’s business system.
1) Traditional products have benefited from the increase in the value of bicycles: the engine that contains the control screen and the LCD instrument is the core module of the cabin, which is the entrance to the interaction of the future smart car, and in recent years the driver's demand for the car-borne entertainment system has been upgraded in content, quality, and form. The overall trend is from partition to integration, from button to button.
In body screens, the value of the bike has been raised from 600 to 700 to over $2,000, and Desaiway, as the hub of the autonomous company, has benefited from the upgrading of the traditional motor vehicle business.) The focus on new products outside the mainframe business is on smart driving, smart seating, smart network: smart seating.
With regard to cabins, 20231, the company smart cabin business generated $6.25 billion, +19 per cent of the year, the company's third generation intelligent and capable airspace controllers are already in production at the car type of many customers, such as the ideal car, Chirre, and the fourth generation of intelligence.
New products such as machines, arhud, and electronic rearview mirrors are being introduced. In smart driving, 2023h1, corporate intelligence, 1.840 billion dollars, compared to 86%, high-calculable smart-pilot domain controllers have been matched to the fleet of many customers, such as cars, Lutes, upper steam, and the collection has increased rapidly.
For the smart web connection, blue whale systems, digital keys, and software service products continue to overlap and obtain more project orders. For the new business, in January 2023, the company successfully hatched the mass-producing car domain controller and introduced mature system-level programmes and product overlaps.
Wisdom Outline Solutions, with smart car-borne central computing platform icpaurora+ibcm, holotechnics, all-round smart blue whale ecosystems, curved binary screens, ar-hud technology solutions, smart electron rear-view mirrors, etc., latest product technologies for companies that create new and innovative experiences for future intellectual ventures, including green low-carbons,
Intelligent driving, safe travel, efficient access, “sounding” and so on 3) customer structure optimizes year by year, core client groups include mainstream autonomous brand clients, joint venture brand clients and overseas customers, and gradually opens up high-end brand markets and overseas markets. In 2022, companies broke Porsche, Jaguar.
Luggers, suzuki, Seet, kryptonite and other new clients, including Chang An, Jili, Biadi, Wall, Guang Bul, Huan Ei, Chiri, Up-Bob, Red Flag, Ideas, Peng, One Sword - Mass, Up-Bom, Hiro-Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, Shigeki, Volkswagen, Toyota, Skoda, Mazda,
In 2022, new project orders with annualized sales of more than $20 billion were obtained, up 65% from the previous year, outpacing history, with fast increases in orders for arithmetic smart-driving domain controllers, big screens, cabin products, and high-performance smart-barrel domain controllers.
Calculating and interactive product base is a national vehicle smart driver leader, with sufficient orders in hand, taking into account the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on profitability, we maintain revenue forecasting and lower profit forecasting, and it is expected that battalion 23/24/25, lightweight smart-driving domain controller ipu02 will launch more new programmes to enrich the volume of orders.
It is expected that the industry will continue to outpace. Compared to the company's 2024 valuation level of 36 times, considering: 1) performance: 1) Māori growth in smart driving, the scale effect of which is beginning to show that future profitability will continue to rise. 2) Smart driving is more scarce, and companies are able to produce in quantities for a few of the current autopilot control products.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.