In December 2023, under the qorvo network, qorvo was purchased in Beijing and qorvo.
The parties are expected to complete the transaction in the first half of 2024 at the assembly and testing facilities in Texas. Up to 12 months of maximum/minimum value of the transaction, the announcement will assemble and test the product for qorvo in accordance with the newly signed long-term supply agreement.
In addition, according to the December announcement, the subsidiary, Kunshan Shizuku, intends to increase its registration through cash, which is $2.11 billion, the full amount of which is purchased by strategic investors, and thus expands over and over again over the top of the business board.
The company’s prices compare to the 300-year-old trend, and it's got the alpha logic of its own growth in spare parts/shelter operations for large clients, such as headphones, watches, mobile phones, etc. This time, by buying the qorvo domestic factory, it's operating in the old sip.
On the basis of this, it is expected to expand vertically to modular encapsulation and further strengthen the ability to integrate directly in the area of spare parts. Moreover, with the creation of a control over the balance, we believe that the process of raising the share of iphone assembly can be accelerated, and that horizontal expansion will be continuously tested.
..visionpro leads a new round of innovation. Applevisionpro's sales day is approaching and is expected to lead a new round of end-product innovation.
The ios17.2beta2 version also updates the "Space Video" function; at the current point, the end-state product of space sound frequency technology-visionpro is getting closer and closer to the official launch, and we believe that it is likely to be the starting point for a new round of consumer electronic innovation for apples, while we anticipate a second-generation mr.
The cost and price of the sale have much scope to decline, thus supporting a significant increase in future sales. As a core supplier of the products of large clients, mr, we believe that this downstream demand will not recover as much as expected, and the penetration rate of new products will not be as high as expected.
1. Precision: 23q3 profits match expectations, multi-field layout promotes steady growth in business performance 2. Precision: 23h1 performance is bright.
"Why is Automobile Electronics the First Electronics" -- a bottom-of-the-mode capability base that opens the way to the auto industry.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market. I do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information or the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.