• Increase in upstream exploration and development expenditure and significant improvement in company performance
Global upstream investment in exploration and exploitation increased steadily overall in 2023, with continued expansion of offshore oil and gas exploration capital expenditure and the size of the oil field services market, and a steady recovery in the utilization of drilling platforms.
In 2023, the public sector earned the same income from oil field technology, drilling, ships, surveying and engineering.
Growth of 31.4 per cent, 16.6 per cent, 5.9 per cent, 17.7 per cent, industrial warming of the oil field technical services plate, and elastic performance of drilling operations. By the end of 2023, the company had 41 drilling platforms in China and 19 in China.
International area. The offshore oil and gas industry continued to warm, with company drilling rigs operating for 13830 days in 2023, an increase of 225 days in the same year; semi-submarine drilling platforms operated for 3896 days, an increase of 774 days in the same year.
The utilization rate increased by 1.7 pcts to 85.2 per cent over the same period, with self-enhanced platform usage falling by 2.3 pcts to 85.9 per cent from cross-border tugs and overseas customer ship inspection, and availability increased by 1 pcts to 89.2 per cent from the same time after the factor was eliminated.
In 2023, new contracts, such as USD 133,000 for semi-submarine and self-enhanced platforms, were put into operation, and we believe that the company's future drilling fees are 1, " China Sea oil suits (60108): offshore oil " .
High oil prices + energy security, and industry giants continue to benefit.
Global oil demand continues to increase, and oil companies will continue to increase their oil and gas development, especially in the deep-water oil fields and the unconventional oil and gas development.
Long-term up-to-date production development strategies, more oil and gas exploration and development, domestic oil-field services markets will continue to be on the right track. Companies will benefit fully from industry upswings and will continue to build world-class energy service companies.
In 2023, companies continued to optimize the opening and strategic layout of overseas markets to fully utilize the advantages of a fully industrial chain, generating operating revenues of 9.47 billion yuan on the international market.
+50.9 +50.9 +19.3 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 2 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 2 + 2 + 2 + + 2 + + 2 + + 2 + + 5 + + 5 + + 5 + + + 5 + + + 9 + + + 2 + + 2 + + 2 + + 2 + + 2 + + 2 + + 4 + + + 4 + + + 4 + + 4 + + 4 + + + 4 + + + + + + 4 + + + + + + 4 + + + + + + 4 + + + + + + + + 3 + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Great. In April 2024, the company announced that its customers in the Middle East region would suspend four drilling rigs, during which the company would be actively and simultaneously looking for suitable market machines. Although this suspension would be a short-term challenge to the company’s development in the Middle East region,
War, but it does not prevent companies from building up the pace of global resources for overseas development. Given the high oil prices, global spending on hydrocarbon capital has increased dramatically, leading to downside risks in the economy: the risk of high volatility in product prices: project construction has fallen short of expectations.
Risks; limited exposure to environmental policy start-up; downstream demand less than expected1 and marine pipelines, favourable industry climate recovery 1.1 and integrated oilfield service providers under China Sea oil flag, full-scale operational deployment
China Sea oil suits are the largest supplier of oilfield services off China’s coast, and the most functional, complete and integrated marine oilfield service provider in Asia. The company’s operations cover all stages of oil and gas exploration, development and production, and are divided into four main sections, namely, drilling services, oil field technical services, ship services, and survey services.
The Division occupies most of the market for technical services in offshore oil fields in China, in which solid wells, mudslides, etc., have an absolute market advantage off the coast of China; the company owns and operates the largest and most widely operated large group of equipment in the market and has a more competitive capacity to serve the entire market for oil field services in China.
Drilling services operate the world's third-largest offshore drilling vessel, which consists mainly of surveying wells, drilling fluids, fixing wells.
5 tugboats, 4 obs, including 3 workboats, wells, wells, wells, oils, etc.
There are also two multi-purpose support vessels.
Well platforms, 12 semi-submarine drilling platforms, field productivity, etc.
More than 130 barges, tankers, etc.
And six marine module rigs that can provide customers with drilling and operation, manufacturing and marketing of supplements, on-site construction, etc.
It can provide users with tugs, production operations and living accommodation, hangars from programme designs, wells/engineering vessels (platforms)
Physical field technical services Material collection, processing and interpretation, engineering sub-transport, oil lifting, well repair support, etc.
Support services for integrated platforms such as land, sea crew shifts, oil/gas fields maintenance, professional services for report writing
Multi-ship operations services such as protection, ice break, fire, rescue, and oil and oil treatment at sea
Integrating the oil fields, developing projects, drilling wells, integrated management of the oil fields, disposal of the oil fields)
Oil Group Ltd., with a shareholding rate of 50.53 per cent; Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd., with 37.91 per cent of the company’s second largest shareholding; 12.07 billion, or +17 per cent, of the Division’s drilling services; $3.95 billion, or +6 per cent, of the ship services; and material exploration and engineering
Survey services collected $2.34 billion, or +18 per cent, and oil field technical services, $25.76 billion, or +31 per cent. Gains on exchange decreased. Cost rates for the company as a whole showed a downward trend in the long run, achieving cost control and efficiency gains.
The performance of the garment companies is significantly affected by oil prices. International oil prices have risen higher than the cost of oil and gas mining, oil and gas enterprises have increased capital spending for large exploration and development, the garment industry has experienced high volatility, international oil prices have fallen, oil and gas companies have lost profits or lost profits, oil and gas enterprises have reduced capital spending for exploration and development and the garment industry has entered a low-end valley.
In recent years, we have continued to launch documents to increase oil and gas exploration and increase production, continue to enhance energy security, and enhance oil and gas security capabilities have been among the top priorities in the petrochemical sector during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
Changes, geopolitical conflicts, etc., have affected international oil prices, and global demand for crude oil is expected to continue to grow steadily in 2024, with the annual average price of crude oil in Bruntes at $85 per barrel. Global upstream expenditure on capital for exploration and exploitation has increased.
US dollars, 5.7% more than in 2023, total global expenditure on offshore exploration and exploitation capital in 2024 was higher than in 2023, and our external dependence on crude oil was more pronounced. Our energy structure is characterized by low gas and coal-rich oil, and our dependence on crude oil and natural gas has gradually increased, with 73% of our external dependence on crude oil and natural gas in 2023.
In 2024, oil and gas continued to occupy an important place in China’s energy consumption structure, and the country will continue to increase its efforts to develop and invest in large-scale oil and gas exploration in order to guarantee energy security. China and China increased their exploration and exploitation expenditures, and production targets increased overall.
China’s parent company, China Sea Oil, estimated its capital expenditure in 2024 at 125-1350 billion yuan, is highly correlated with China’s operating income, and capital expenditure remains the same overall trend as oil and gas revenue, but will lag behind. In the context of high oil prices, future capital expenditure is expected to remain at over $100 billion.
China’s sea oil and gas production has shown a steady growth trend in recent years, rising steadily from 342 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2012 to 454 million barrels of oil equivalent in 2018. In 2019, the company responded positively to the national policy of increasing oil and gas reserves, and in 2023, it achieved a total of 678 million barrels of oil equivalent in net oil and gas production, a five-year-long record high.
In 2024, China ' s sea oils will be operationalized on a number of important new projects, including a second readjustment and development project for China ' s 36-1/B Great 5-2 oil fields, a project for the development of a 19-2 oil field in Jinming, a project for the development of gas for Deep Sea I, a project for the development of 26-6 oil fields in Huezhou and a demonstration project for the exploration and development of deep-sea coal gas in the Diocese, and a project for Brazil ' s mero3 overseas.
Millions of barrels of oil equivalent, of which China accounts for 69 per cent and overseas for 31 per cent. In 2025 and 2026, the company ' s net production targets were 780-800 million barrels of oil equivalent and 810-830 million barrels of oil equivalent, respectively.
The company operates a larger, world-larger offshore drilling fleet in Asia, and manages and operates 46 self-propelled rigs, and 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms. The rig holds all of its abs/dnv/ccs certificates, equipped with advanced top-drilling devices, high-power diesel machines, mud pumps, and first-rate drilling equipment such as vibration screens.
10000 feet of drilling services at a depth of 15,000-3000 feet. The gas temperature has been rising steadily since 2022, and the daily cost of the new drilling contract has been rising gradually. According to Bloomberg data, the daily cost of the offshore riser drilling platform (350ft) was $99,000 per day, with 2024q1 worth $99,000 per day, as of April 2024q1
Euro/day, +11.9 per cent, ring ratio, +2.1 per cent; marine semi-submarine drilling platform per day, +0.24q1 average, +3.40 million per day, +15.2 per cent, ring ratio + 1.4 per cent; well drilling vessel (8,000ft) per day, +384 million per day, +12.2 per cent, ring ratio, +2.4 per cent, and global drilling platform utilization increased.
There is a trend to maintain the utilization rate of self-incented drilling platforms (350ft) at over 80 per cent, the average utilization of drilling vessels at about 80 per cent, the demand for drilling is gradually recovering and the profitability of the industry is expected to continue to improve.
On a day-to-day basis, there was an increase of 6.0%, with a 79.9% utilization rate for drilling platforms and an increase of 1.4 pcts. The company had previously used over 90% of the platform ' s calendar days at current oil price levels, and there is still much room for recovery.
Not $133,000 and $74,000, or +16.7 per cent and 7.2 per cent, respectively, since 2021, new contracts have been put into operation, such as semi-submarine drilling platforms, where high daily fees and high platform utilization will result in additional performance. The garment industry is a technology- and financial-intensive industry, with high entry thresholds, as well as technical and market entry barriers.
According to the announcement, the world head garment companies Beckhouse, Slemberghea, Halibertton had 2023 Māori rates of 20.59%, 19.81%, 18.94%, respectively. The China Sea coats, 2023 gross interest rate was 15.88%, slightly lower than that of the head garments, mainly because of technical difficulties under other conditions.
There is still room for rising daily fees. Valarisplc, the owner of the world’s leading offshore drilling platform, currently owns 13 ultra-deep water drilling vessels, 5 multi-purpose semi-submarine drilling vessels, and 35 modern shallow-water self-edged drilling platforms.
Drilling fleets have extensive operational experience in almost all major marine basins. Valaris platform days have long been more expensive than China Sea oil uniforms, and more high-quality platforms are expected to go to sea in the future as China Sea oil suits enter the main deep-water mining military market.
In keeping with the client demand orientation, the offshore market is growing at a high rate, and the international oil company's capital expenditure has recovered. In 2023, total global upstream exploration and development expenditure increased by 10.6 per cent over the same period, and capital expenditure by major oil companies increased significantly on a year-on-year basis. In 2024, global oil demand continued to increase, and oil companies will continue to do so.
Increased oil and gas development, particularly in the ultra-deep water fields and non-conventional oil and gas development, global market size of oil field services, China Sea oil uniforms focused on client cooperation to build global resources, and the quality benefits of overseas development steadily improved Asia and the Pacific: Indonesia drilling fluids, securing high-value contracts for well-fixing services, leaving integration into Malaysia for the first time
End market; Middle East region: Saudi offshore drilling platform services were opened in an orderly manner; Americas region: taking down maritime anchoring technology services Billions of bills to achieve Mexico ps zero break; Europe region: contracts locked in close to $1 billion, plus an over-selection period of $2.7 billion, contract cover until 2027, plus selection period until 2030; Africa region: Nigeria signed Expedition III
With a long-term, large-scale, high-value contract opening, the company's contract value has continued to rise in recent years, and in 2023 the world's oilfield services market has seen a steady recovery trend, based on a consultation process based on the spaurs&associates
The company, which in 2024 showed a growing trend in the global oil field services market, is expected to reach $8.1 billion, $128.3 billion, $97.3 billion, $36.7 billion, $57.6 billion in 2024. The company will continue to pursue five major development strategies, build up equipment, sustain science, technology and innovation, and build on clients.
In keeping with green low-carbon development, promoting industrial upgrading, and moving toward China’s world-class energy-services company. Given the high price of oil, global spending on hydrocarbon capital has increased so much, leading to a more favourable oil-dressing climate, companies are predicting the future of the industry.
Economic downside risk: risk of significant price fluctuations in products: project construction below expected risk; risk of environmental policy start-up; risk of downstream demand below expected risk.
Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industries, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, 3 years of experience in research by sellers, 10 years of experience in research by buyers, good at judging industry and corporate trends through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition, and committed to recommending high-quality companies with long-term competitiveness.
Liu Han: I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.