China Sea Tanks (601808.sh): The sea coat taps standing on the shoulders of the giants, the sea coats.
By the end of 2023, China Sea Oil had held a 50.53% share in the company, and the company had a complete chain of services and a strong presence.
and the oil and gas exploration, exploitation and production of various offshore petroleum services, which cover the entire process of oil and gas field exploration, development and production, the global oil phase, which is divided into well drilling services, oil field technical services,
Since 2018, as a result of increased production by the China Sea Oil Group, ship services and surveying services have grown. Companies have occupied most of China’s offshore oil field technical services markets.
Billions of yuan, or 23.70 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity is 3,013 million yuan, a significant increase of 28.05 per cent over the same year. The share of this share, in which services such as solid wells, mudslides, etc., hold high oil prices off China’s coast, and upstream capital spending is expected to increase, leading to higher profits in the garment industry.
The oil companies ' 2023 investment plans, with capital spending of $119.1 billion for seven major international oil companies, point to a 9 per cent increase over the next three to six months. Since global upstream capital spending on hydrocarbons improved in 2020, profits in the garment industry have continued to grow.
Upstream capital spending is expected to increase, leading to better profits in the garment industry. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: major business as the highest corporate income ratio (58.39% in 2023), oilfield technical clothing in 2023
Business operations achieved RMB 25,757 million in operating income, an increase of RMB 8,544 million over the same period in 2022, further technological upgrading, and innovative technologies won “Oscar” in the oil industry. The technology-driven strategy will be deepened and the international market for technical services in the oil fields will steadily expand in the future.
Drilling services: The performance of the heavy asset-based advantage project is expected to improve further. China’s China’s largest offshore drilling contractor, with the world’s third largest offshore drilling fleet, is a Chinese oil suit. The company’s drilling platform’s operations increased by 6 per cent in 2023, as a result of the rising demand for global maritime platforms.
Suffice it to serve China ' s sea oil industry, which has an advantage over offshore drilling poles, and which are highly asset-oriented operations, with high financial and technical barriers, with unshakeable positions in short-term positions in the middle and middle-sea oil jackets, the performance is expected to increase further.
The company relies on China’s sea oil, a major customer, to provide strong support for its domestic business, and actively explores internationalization. Oil prices are rising year after year, and China’s sea oil is expected to continue to raise capital spending.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company’s performance is expected to increase further, given the strong growth in global hydrocarbon capital spending in 2023, leading to higher profitability in the garment industry; the company’s reliance on China as a major customer
Sea oil provides strong support for its domestic operations, and technological breakthroughs and import substitutions for oilfield technical services are expected to result in a lower than expected expenditure on cruise capital: overseas business expansion risks.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the depth of the East Hing bond report, the Chinese suit (601808.sh): the head of the marine coat standing on the shoulders of the giant.
The source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the depth of the East Hing bond report, the Chinese suit (601808.sh): the head of the marine coat standing on the shoulders of the giant.
1. The company, which relies on China ' s sea oil as a major shareholder, is one of the largest oil-field service providers in the world, performing steadily at 1.1. The offshore oil pipeline, which relies on China ' s sea oil, is one of the largest oil-field service providers in the world and has a wide range of business coverage. The company has a complete service chain and a powerful offshore oil service suit.
The company has a stronger pool of offshore petroleum services in the Asia-Pacific region, covering China’s maritime areas and extending to Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Americas, Europe, Africa, Far East six regions, and covering more than 40 countries and territories around the globe. The company’s operations are divided into four main categories:
Surveying services, drilling services, oilfield technical services and ship services.
The company’s main lines of business include oil and gas exploration, specialized technical services, refining and marketing, gas and electricity generation, and financial services, and is actively developing new energy sources such as offshore wind and electricity. China’s marine oil and gas companies are affiliated to China’s Sea Oil Group, which was established at the end of 2023.
Figure 2: China Sea Oil Group shares 50.53 per cent of China Sea oil uniforms.
Since 2018, the company’s main operating income has been rising as a result of the increased production of the China Sea Oil Group. In 2023, the company’s main operating income was $4.4109 billion, an increase of 23.70 per cent over the same period.
As one of the company’s main businesses, ship services have grown rapidly in recent years, with a combined harvest in 2023.
2. Oil prices remain high, upstream capital spending is expected to grow, leading to profitable growth in the garment industry, and high international oil prices are driving up global upstream capital spending on hydrocarbons. Global upstream capital spending on hydrocarbons is recovering as oil prices continue to rise in 2020.
6 medium-sized oil companies in Canada, Australia and other countries have planned capital expenditures of $35 billion, or 25 per cent, compared with the previous year;
In the future, upward capital spending on hydrocarbons will continue to grow, leading to higher profitability in the garment industry. Since global capital spending on upstream hydrocarbons improved in 2020, profits in the garment industry have continued to grow. Average operating profits in 2022 amounted to $10,447 million, an increase of 106.75 per cent.
Oil demand is expected to continue to grow, total global expenditure on upstream exploration and development capital is expected to increase, and future profits from the garment industry are expected to increase. Figure 9: Upstream capital expenditure leads to profitable growth in the garment industry.
In 2023, R & D costs were 2.84% of revenue, compared to industry-level R & D costs, and R & D accounted for 2.84%.
At the recently concluded International Marine Oil Technology Conference in 2024, China won the Otc Technology Award for two new technologies, the first international prize for our oil and gas technology. Table 2: China ' s Otc Technology Award for two new technologies
Figure 10: China Sea oil suits are heavily engaged in technology research and development (R & D) The oil field technical services provide stable revenue to companies. The largest major business (58.39% in 2023), the oil industry 2023.
Companies are actively pursuing technology-driven strategies that optimize the allocation of skilled human resources, deepen technological and institutional reforms, strengthen the integration of science and technology markets, and accelerate the physicalization of competitive advantages, with incomes remaining on the rise. Technology-driven strategies are being advanced, and the international market for oilfield technologies is steadily expanding.
At the same time, China and China have established long-term and stable customer relations with major international oil companies and national oil companies, and international markets have opened up.
The company’s international influence on oil field technology will continue to grow in the future. East’s financial and intellectual booms.
China’s largest marine drilling contractor, China’s third largest maritime drilling fleet. China’s marine oil rigs mainly provide self-incented rigs, semi-submarine drilling platforms, land drilling rigs, etc. By the end of 2023, 60 drilling platforms (including 46 self-incented drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms) had been operated and managed.
Given the rising demand for global offshore platforms, the number of company drilling platform days has increased. As domestic oil and gas demand has increased in recent years, so has the number of company drilling platform days.
Figure 14: Increase in the number of business days of the company ' s drilling platform
Since 2018, offshore drilling operations have been affected by large supply of equipment, and offshore drilling platforms have performed poorly. In the case of two offshore drilling companies, the net return profit from 2018-2022 is not encouraging.
Financial and technical barriers, and the unshakeable position of the long-term leader of the mid-sea oil suit, have made it even better in terms of performance. In 2022, the company East’s financial and intellectual booming source, China’s future crude oil production was firmly on the “200 million tons plus” safety line, and demand for drilling services increased.
Our new oil exploration geological reserves exceed 1.4 billion tons, and our new gas exploration geological reserves exceed 1.2 trillion cubic metres: 205 million tons of crude oil production, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year, returns 200 million tons of “security lines.” At the same time, our imports of 508.28 million tons of crude oil, a decrease of 0.9 per cent in the same year, and our external dependence, a decrease of 71.2 per cent, are expected to continue to increase our crude oil production in the future, the demand for drilling services will rise, and the drilling suits of Chinese and Chinese oil uniforms are expected to rise.
China’s sea oils provide strong support for its domestic operations, companies actively explore internationalization, oil prices are expected to rise, and China’s sea oils are expected to continue to raise capital spending. Based on China’s trend towards capital spending and oil prices over the years, they both exist.
In 2020-2022, Brent’s oil prices grew at a similar rate of 69.49% and 42.88%, respectively. Meanwhile, China’s sea oil situation shows that the impact of the decline in production of oec on oil prices continues to be significant, and that US shale oil production faces bottlenecks, and that future crude oil supplies will shrink and oil prices are expected to rise back.
In 2018, China's sea oils increased their exploration and exploitation, the company's exploration workload and the discovery of reserves were doubled, and it is expected that the reserves will exceed 5 billion barrels. China's sea oil is expected to be the parent parent of China's naval uniforms.
The Division, the main battalion operation in China Sea Oil Clothes is highly linked to China Sea Oil Group capital expenditure, and, based on the results of the proposed merger with Excel, China Sea Oil Group increases its main battalion business income by $3.5 billion for each $100 million increase in capital expenditure. China Sea Oil Coats are expected to have a strong back-up of their domestic workload, driven by increased production by China Sea Oil Group.
As a result, the potential for future growth in the volume of marine oil and gas reserves remains high. At the same time, domestic oil and gas demand is rising year after year, providing a powerful boost to the company’s long-term workload.
Figure 21: The three-fold support of policies, oil prices and demand supports the steady and positive performance of marine oil garments, actively exploring internationalized development strategies and gradually expanding the scope of operations. Companies have been taking the path of internationalization, starting from simple market internationals.
The company’s development abroad in 2022 was remarkable: the Multifunctional Ultrasound Sound Surveyor (muil) created a new record of the sale of the company’s single-scave well instruments on an external scale; the winning project of 32 drilling rigs for the southern oil fields of East Baghdad, Iraq, and the project of daily fees for the repair of the oil wells at the Ahadé foot in Canada.
In addition, in Indonesia and South-East Asia, companies have made substantial breakthroughs in their operations: production increases have made important breakthroughs in India, exploration has returned to the South-East Asian market, and the company has launched a new business-wide development process in the Indonesian region.
China Sea oil suits (601808.sh): The company's profits projections and investment ratings are expected to increase further in the company's well-drilling service plate performance, given the strong growth in global oil and gas capital spending in 2023.
The company relies on China ' s sea oil as a source of strong support for its domestic operations, with technological breakthroughs and import substitutions for oil field technical services, which are expected to protect the price volatility of crude oil and natural gas; strong market competition due to geopolitical conflicts; under-anticipated capital spending on oil and gas; and an expansion of offshore operations, which is a source of financial prosperity in the East
The source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East, the source of the wealth of the East.
Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, University of Mudan, Master of Financial Mathematics, six years of experience in investment studies, 2015-2018, Director of the Open Securities Development Research, Research Assistant, Mowenjung
Research Assistant in the Energy Industry, Ph.D., Visiting Scholar, Cornell University of the United States, 2019-2020, for biomass energy. Joined East Hing Securities in 2022, covering research in the fields of energy extraction and transformation, non-ferrous metals, carbon neutrality, and others.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
China Sea Oil Clothes (601808.sh): The offshore pipeline on the shoulders of giants does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.