Researchchand developmentcenter Staff Holding Scheme successfully completed and shared wealth highlighted confidence
1. Twilight Bios (300122): employee ownership stimulates motivation, proxy + self-research products grow together.
The stock-holding scheme was successfully completed, and the common wealth was highlighted with confidence: the company issued a plan for the shared wealth of its employees (2022) to complete stock purchases by Ji Fei Bian (300122)
According to the company announcement, as of March 18, 2022, the company’s shareholding scheme (2022) buys a total of 29.1 million shares of the company’s shares through the secondary market (centrally competitive, large-scale transactions).
The stock holdings are planned to be locked in in accordance with the relevant regulations, and are regularly locked between 18 March 2022 and 17 March 2023.
The demand for the Hpv vaccine market is strong and is expected to keep growing fast. There is still a number of possibilities for a larger and lower penetration of the Hpv vaccine in the country. Between 2017 and 2021, the total volume of Hpv vaccines issued in our country was over 60 million, but only about 20 million have been completed.
The target population of women aged 9-45 is 380 million, with a penetration rate of only about 5%. The four-to-nine-priced hpv vaccine is more expensive and has a certain advantage in terms of the scope of disease prevention and protection efficiency. With the increase in the rate of vaccination of hpv, the overall market for the industry has increased.
The capacity will continue to expand, promising high growth in corporate performance. Production is progressing well and progressing into the harvest period. 1) Nodule ec diagnostic reagent + prophylactic \triangleright
The product micro-card pipe line is unique in the country and is expected to enter the release phase in 2022; 2) 2-triple diarrhea, 4-priced influenza vaccine, ac-hib 3 vaccine to be declared ready to produce: 3) 15-priced pneumonia combined vaccine, double-price dysentery combined vaccine, etc. 111 clinical trials are under way: company heavy-pound autonomy
Research and development products are entering the harvest period and are expected to increase corporate performance over time. \triangleright Risk factors: product batches are issued or sold less than expected, product R & D is approved less quickly than expected
The risk of a new coronary outbreak is uncertain.
Li Yucta, team member, M.D., Beijing Academy of Sciences and Medicine. Five years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He was employed in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) and has a great deal of experience in business. He joined the Sindha Portal in July 2021.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel, and in 2021 was added to the Sinda Securities, which is responsible for research in the cxo industry, and in the vaccine, blood products, medicine and consumption industry.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.