Researchchand developmentcenter hpv vaccine release is significant and performance supermarket expectations are high
On March 30, 2022, the employee holding plan was successfully completed, and the common wealth was a sign of confidence.
2. Smart Flying Biology (300122): Stakeholder motivation, agent + self-research product growth with significant Hpv vaccine release, performance supermarket expectations: company ' s performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022, expected to achieve net return profit of 17.83 -
High-performance growth is higher than expected, and Hpv vaccines are rapidly released. According to performance forecasts, companies outperformed market expectations in 2022, and Hpv vaccines contributed to a high rate of growth.
Inoculation of 440 million new crown vaccines, dominated by life-saving boosters, expected weights of smart-flying organisms, low sales of group proteins for new crown vaccines and low contribution to performance, while nodule diagnosis and prevention products were in the early stages of access and release and had not yet contributed significantly to the profits; and core agency products of the company at four prices and four prices.
The nine-priced Hpv vaccine sales, which are expected to be close to 6 million, significantly increase corporate performance and are expected to exceed 25 million throughout the year. The Hpv vaccine market demand is strong and is expected to continue to grow rapidly.
\triangleright is large and has a low penetration rate, and there is still much room for growth. In 2017-2021, the total volume of Hpv vaccines issued was over 60 million, and around 20 million people completed their full immunization;
In my country, the target population of women aged 9-45 is about 380 million, with penetration rates of only about 5%. With a four-to-nine-priced Hpv vaccine, which has a certain advantage in terms of the scope of disease prevention and protection efficiency, the overall market capacity of the industry will continue to expand as the Hpv vaccination rate increases.
Large, it is expected to lead to high growth in corporate performance. Research and development pipelines are rich and products are progressing well. 1) Nodule ec diagnostic reagents and prophylactic \triangleright
The bioproduct micro-card line is national exclusive and is expected to enter the release phase in 2022; (2) two times the number of ecstasy, 4-priced influenza vaccine and ac-hib 3 vaccine products are to be declared for production; (3) 15-priced Pneumonia-combined vaccine, double-price diarrhea-combined vaccine, etc., are currently in the 111th clinical stage:
Companies’ autonomous R & D products are expected to grow further in the harvest period. \triangleright Risk factors: product batches are issued or sold less than expected, product R & D is approved less quickly than expected
The risk of a new coronary outbreak is uncertain.
Li Yucta, team member, M.D., Beijing Academy of Sciences and Medicine. Five years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He was employed in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) and has a great deal of experience in business. He joined the Sindha Portal in July 2021.
He's a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro work at ppccca and paraexel, and in 2021 was added to the Sinda Securities, which is responsible for research in the cxo industry, and in the vaccine, blood products, medicine and consumption industry.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.