• South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022, with a projected net profit of $1.78~1.97 billion from the mother, and an accelerated Hpv vaccine led to a rapid growth in the company’s traditional vaccine operations.
Batch, estimated bulk issuance, is 4.2 to 4.5 million. We expect 2022q1 Hpv vaccines to be sold as a whole. The penetration rate is still low, the company ' s products are more numerous by protecting serotypes, there is a clear advantage in second-line cities compared to the national production of a second-price Hpv vaccine, which is expected to be more than 25 million in 2022.
And now the national Hpv vaccine is still clinically produced, and is expected to be marketed after 2025, with less impact on corporate competitive patterns. The ec+mic-card nodule matrix focuses mainly on the student examination market and is expected to be released quickly. The company’s first global ec
The diagnostic reagent + micro-card vaccine has been approved in a large number of provinces throughout the country (27 provinces of Ieka and 21 provinces of Micah), and the market space for tuberculosis control in the country is still huge. In early 2019, the Ministry of Education and the Health and Welfare Board issued the recommended health sector standard " Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases in General Higher Schools " , which provides for tuberculosis screening.
We believe that ec diagnostic reagents are expected to become the mainstream method for screening tuberculosis. According to grass root research data, we have a positive rate of about 10% to 20% for TB screening through the company ' s ICE reagent.
The Department is actively promoting the conversion and marketing of micro-card vaccines among the positive population, and the TB product matrix is expected to generate around $800 million this year.
The Department ' s Shareholding Scheme (2022), through the second level of the market (centrally competitive transactions, bulk dealings, I. Ji Fei Bien (300122): to publish the Staff Holding Scheme, which has been in place since the company ' s listing with the largest number of employees and the largest amount of funding, is encouraged once again.
Work motivation and subjective motivation of employees, adding a strong heart to the company’s future health development. Continued stocking of the scheme (2022-01-25) Breaking expectations for foreign sales of the new crown (2021-10-29)
4. JFW (300122): Quick release of new crown vaccines, JFW (300122): The agency business continues to grow and its autonomous products are at a turning point (2021-04-25)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.