The Centre for Medical Health Studies (CMS) reports high growth, rapid release of vaccine products, strong resonance of autonomous and proxy products, and high growth in performance.
1. "Agent self-research two-wheel drive, robust growth, robust growth, nine-price hpv vaccine and four-price hpv vaccine batches are growing rapidly. Heavy pounds of products injected with cow branch bacterium were approved in June 21 for increased adaptive disorders and new tuberculosis prevention branches.
"A group of 100-blind vaccines into clinical lyceums, tube lines, bacterium-infected populations with tuberculosis, 10 provinces have been well under way by November 2021 — a review by Ji Fei Bios.
In the future, the nodule product line is expected to be rapidly released with strong corporate sales. 3. Performance meets expectations, heavy-pound product pipelines are pushed in an orderly manner. Reorganizing overseas access to the new subunit protein crown vaccine is advancing and promising.
In March 2021, the vaccine was approved for emergency use in the country, with an overall protection effectiveness of 81.76% and 100% for both severe and fatal cases, and preliminary analysis shows that the product is well protected against mutation strains.
With the approval of emergency use and sales permits, Indonesia has been granted emergency use and booster needles, and in Colombia, emergency use permits have been granted, and future overseas exports are expected to progress. As the pipeline progresses, multiple products are in a state of advanced clinical stages.
Driven by a sustained increase in research and development, the rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) for dry people has obtained the iii phase of the clinical trial summary report, the four-priced influenza virus fission vaccine, the 15-price pneumococcus combination vaccine, the freezing of dry people with the rabies vaccine (vero cell)ii period of clinical progress, and the foundation for future growth is solid.
Yuan_wei@gjzq.com.cn Zhao Bowoo vaccine market competition increases risks; Autonomous product R & D sales are not as fast as expected; new coronary virus mutations
Risk; policy price reduction risk; receivable and inventory liquidity risk, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on an average basis as an average market investment