Researchchand developmentcenter employee ownership stimulates motivation, proxy + self-research product
On February 6, 2022, employee ownership inspired the growth of proxy + self-research products.
The company announces the project, which covers no more than 2,000 core cadres (300122) of 14 senior officers.
Employees, whose total amount of funds raised is not more than $1.6 billion, and the ratio of financing to self-financing is not as high as 1.89% of the total equity of the company.
Staff motivation. \triangleright hpv vaccinations issued in excess of 60 million cases, only about 20 million completed the entire process
Immunization, the target population of 9-45-year-old women in the country is 380 million, with a penetration rate of only about 5%. The Hpv vaccine is still in short supply and, in particular, the 4/9-priced Hpv vaccine, which is still expected to be long overdue, and the prevalence of Hpv among women of appropriate age in the country is estimated at around 5%.
Once the vaccination rate has risen, there is still much room for growth in the industry. The self-research product pipeline is in the harvest period. Reorganizing the new protein crown vaccine is the first to be marketed in the technology route. Based on company performance forecast for the entire year 2021, we expect to be in the year 2021.
Net profits amounting to $5.5-6 billion. Nodule ec diagnostic reagents + micro-cards for preventive biological products. Pipelines are exclusive in the country. They were imported into the market in 2021 and are expected to be released in 2022.
Production. Products such as 15-priced pneumonia combined with vaccines, double-priced dysentery combined vaccines, etc., are being tested on three per diem beds, with heavy pounds of autonomous R & D products entering the harvest period. \triangleright
Risk factors: lower than expected risk of product batch issuance or sale, low approval rate for product development \triangleright intervention period risk, uncertain risk of a new coronary outbreak.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Lee Yuen, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of practical work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) with a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021, in charge of the research of medical instruments, and was a brilliant member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai University of Transport, who worked in the clinical co-works at ppctaz and paraexel, 2021 plus.
Incoming securities, responsible for research in the cxo sector; securities, responsible for research in the vaccine, blood products and pharmaceutical consumption; vouchers, responsible for research in scientific services and small molecular innovation.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.