The M.B.E. (300122) Pharmaceutical Organisms launch a staff-share program to highlight the long-term dynamics of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
In January 2022, the company issued a draft scheme for sharing the shares of the co-rich workers (2022), and the employee holding scheme highlights the momentum for long-term development. The total number of participants in this scheme is not more than 2,000, of whom 14 are senior directors.
The plan is to be purchased through the secondary market.
The plan provides the largest number of companies and the largest fund-raising employee-holding scheme since their listing, once again encouraging workers’ motivation and subjectivity, and adding a new dose of energy to the company’s future health development.
The company’s first global diagnostic reagent + microcard vaccine has been marked in a large number of provinces across the country, and the market space for tuberculosis control is still huge. In early 2019, the Ministry of Education and the Health Board issued a recommended health sector standard, the General Higher School Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of Infectious Diseases.
In the context of the strategy for the elimination of tuberculosis, tuberculosis screening has become mandatory for entry check-ups and routine check-ups for teaching staff, although the method of detection is still dominated by the test of the skin of the nodule, taking into account its high pseudo-positive rate, we believe that ec diagnostic reagents are necessary.
The company’s sales team is expected to reach 3,000 people and will leverage the company’s marketing advantages in hospitals, malaria control, communities, etc., to speed up the pace of product use, and it is expected to contribute new ones through its various subsidiaries, working together to create a platform-based innovative vaccine industry, with a smart mind to build it.
Filongkoma's continued cultivation of bacterial, viral and tuberculosis products, Ieka's listing, microcarat's new appliance (300122): performance met expectations, regularization of the tuberculosis “diagnosing-preventing-therapeutic” system, official sales in 2022, and recognition of the firm's conviction
The number of species that have continued to be released (2022-01-25) The technology of the biological layout mrna platform, the technical 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, the frozen dry rabies vaccine, the 4-priced influenza vaccine, the smart-flying organisms (300122): the growth of the main camp is still strong.
During the clinical period, it is expected that the company’s product categories will continue to be enriched in the future.
Net profits were 4.5 billion yuan, $6 billion and $7.4 billion respectively, with 31 per cent of net profit in the next three years for mothers.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.