Beverage milk for food, beverages and beverages: Nationalization of large monoliths on an ongoing basis, performance forecast meeting expectations
q4 achieves a net profit of 1.54 - face-to-face. The channel actively enhances the development of traditional channels throughout the country, continues to deepen the market, improves the overall marketing and coverage of products, and the number of distributors and outlets continues to grow.
Plus. The end-of-product company continues to focus on 500 ml gold bottles, while building “energy plus” product lines, diverse scenes and crowd demand, and continues to offer products that meet differentiated needs, such as the “0 sugar special” in April and the “Tung Peng Curry” attack or coffee competition in September.
In terms of production capacity, the company plans to create a market value/flow (million yuan) in Hunan.
With the establishment of a production base in the river, 12 production lines are expected to be in China, China and the East China region with a 12-month maximum/minimum volume of products, the growth of large monoliths continues to be tested and the scale effects are expected to absorb the cost pressures.
Nationalization continues, lock prices maintain the Māori rate.
East Peng Beverage (605499): "East Peng Beverage: Both within and outside the province show bright eyes, pay for a long time, but as the size of the company continues to expand its contribution to fixed costs, and 500 ml
In the medium term, the company continues to solve the problem. In addition, oiled lemon tea is re-listed after adjusting its taste and packaging, cutting into restaurants and school gardens is expected to contribute to growth.
We believe that the energy beverage industry has a large space, and that consumption is sticky and needsy, and that it is a high-quality track. In terms of industry patterns, the Big Red Bull still accounts for about 50% of the market share, but it is due to trademark competition, red cow advertising, channeling, and restrictions.
As the leader of the second-tier team, Dong Peng competed more than any other company, management worked deep in the beverages industry, talent in the fast-disposal field continued to join in, channels leading the digital layout, corporate resource focus, continued brand commitment, sales teams fought hard.
Successfully built 500ml monoliths, with a long-term expectation of increasing market share. 47%, 30%, 27%, taking into account the course and future growth of the company, maintaining the purchasing institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.