The new product is getting better, the national distribution is getting faster, the channel expansion + the new product release + the fast growth of the aid camp by spring, and the non-recurrent gains and gains are increasing.
The results of the strategy show a significant increase in 4q21 income, backed up by a build-up of 4q21 by spring festival, while the return on investments in the holding and disposal of transactional financial assets contributes more to non-recurring gains and losses, leading to a net return.
Non-energy beverages have increased in volume and continue to grow at a high rate outside Guangdong. (1) For products, energy beverages earned $6.59 billion in 2021, i.e. +42.3 per cent in the same year and 94.7 per cent in the same year; non-energy beverages +44.9 per cent in the same year +267.1 per cent in the same year, and non-energy beverage revenues have increased significantly.
We judge that this is related to the amount of new items, such as East Pang and East Poon curry. (2) In sales areas, the Guangdong region earned $3.20 billion in 2021, or 29.7 per cent of the year; the entire region (outside) earned $30.0 billion, or 53.6 per cent of the year; and the direct camp and line channels generated $760 million, or 48.3 per cent of the year.
The internal market continues to grow at a faster rate, with the country’s regional growth rate continuing at a higher rate, and the income share rising at a higher rate. Foresight: the product matrix is gradually enriched, the country’s market continues to expand, and its performance is expected to continue at a faster rate in 2022.
The growing size of the material industry, the differential competitive advantage of the company’s products, and the continued release of 500 ml cans of gold will provide a solid basis for performance growth. In addition, the company has developed products such as curry, no sugar, drinking, syrup and her ability, and the product matrix is gradually enriched and the boundaries of competition expanded, 2022.
During the year, the company also plans to introduce light- and bubble-based drinks, which are expected to lead to an increase in industry performance. (2) Disparity marketing strategies are being implemented, and the process of nationalization is accelerating. In the Guangdong base market, the company is working to improve the quality of the crop, broaden the consumer base, and guarantee faster growth.
The white region is still large, with companies accelerating market expansion and striving to increase the overall market rate of their products, and the country’s markets are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. (3) With this combination, we believe that the logic of corporate growth is clear and that performance will grow rapidly in 2022.
Beverages in East Peng: Channel expansion + product expansion, year-round performance, market expansion, less than expected, and increased competition in the industry.
Beverages of Dong Peng: Channel expansion + product expansion, profit continuity, rapid growth momentum 20220118 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations