+54.9 per cent in the single quarter and +82.3 per cent in the same quarter.
Channel expansion + product expansion, with revenue and profits growing rapidly in 2021. (1) In 2021, the company made a quick assessment of the performance of Dong Ping's beverages, resulting in a net gain of $1.08 billion, compared to 34.7 per cent in the previous year. (2) We believe that the company's channels are expanding + production.
In terms of access, the company has developed and continued to expand its markets outside the province, and we've judged that the market revenues have been growing faster and higher throughout the year. In terms of products, the company continues to invest in the energy beverages track, steals its share, and fights actively.
Building the "energy plus" product line to meet the needs of different scenes and crowds, and widening the consumer's population. We anticipate a steady increase in energy beverages throughout the year, with a marked improvement in the second half of non-energy beverages.
Billion dollars, +54.9 per cent; net return to mother $197 million, +82.3 per cent, is a relatively low base of 4q20, and we judge that spring holidays, with an increase in sales of new products, boosted 4q21 income by a significant increase, while non-recurring gains and losses contributed significantly, leading to a significant increase in net return to mother.
The beneficial effect is that 4q21 received $119 million, or +13.1 per cent, of the net return from the mother, and we judge that the company has increased its investment in product promotion, new product promotion and market expansion by looking ahead: functional beverages are still the main development thread, while the out-of-town market and non-energy beverages bring about new growth.
Lines. (1) The energy beverages industry is growing robustly, and the main competitors are still affected by trademark disputes, thus opening up some room for growth for other competitors. Companies have a competitive advantage in differentiated products, and the continued release of 500ml cans will provide a solid support for performance growth.
New products such as the big curry and “she can” will bring about an increase in performance. (2) The country’s markets are growing in scope and are still in a pioneering phase, with companies actively laying out their products, channels, supply chains, branding, etc., and are expected to continue their rapid growth momentum in out-of-provincial markets.
They looked at the development path of the company ' s outreach + product expansion, combining the current valuation level, and maintained the East Peng Beverage: Channel expansion + product expansion, profit continuity, market expansion, and increased competition in the industry.
Beverages of Dong Peng: less than expected, functional beverages and two growth poles in the outlying market unchanged 20211028 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Food and beverages: beverage manufacturing