East Peng beverages (605499): Performance meets expectations, Nationalization fulfils expectations, net interest rates rise steadily between the centres, and this performance meets expectations, mainly for the following reasons: 1) companies do not
(b) Firms are actively engaged in building “energy plus” product lines to meet different scenarios and needs of the population;
In June 2020, the company launched a new product, Togashi, in Guangzhou, Fuoshan and other districts.
An incident evaluation report for Dong Peng Beverage (605499): performance field tested for sale; new product 0 sugar specialized in April 2021 in Guangzhou, Nakayama, etc., expected product channel double-wheel drive - 2022-01-17
On 10 December 2021, the company launched a project entitled “She can”, targeting female target groups.
In Guangdong Province, the regional markets have been developing unevenly, and the sales of beads have contributed more than in Kansai and Kanbei:2)
In 2022, a catering complex was set up in Guangdong, which, in addition to promoting the use of East Ponto, also promotes non-energy beverages such as lemon tea, Chen Pitt, water, etc.; 3) Guangdong is also increasing the penetration of the product and the downfall of the channel.
Effective end-point development is an important indicator for company sales workers.
In terms of regional expansion, the company divided the country into four platoons: Guangdong as the first platoon, mature markets, Guangxi, Hunan, Jiangxi and Zhejiang as the second platoon, Fujian, Anhui and Henan as the third team, and the greater northwest and northwest as the fourth.
The four different teams have adopted different strategies to expand their networks, build channels, and now have seven production bases in China, China, Guangzhou, East China, Haifeng, Nanning, Chongqing, and Ann. In order to optimize the strategic layout of the company, the company is already operating in Hunan.
We look at the company's energy beverages track and new products under the national expansion path, macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic's consumption drag, the lack of growth on the line, and the new ones.
The food and beverages group presents the results of the event, which were not as high as expected, the high-season sales, the increased risks associated with competition in the industry, and the lack of progress in the construction of the fund-raising project.
Sun Shanshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The first year of food and beverage sellers’ research experience, covering white wine, spices, etc., reflects my research views. I did not, and will not be, pushed into this report because I didn't.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.