The product matrix continues to optimize channels for active activity — a fast-track assessment of the company's performance (605499.sh) increased by 54.95 per cent, resulting in a net return profit of 873 million yuan (82.3 per cent over the same period), in line with the company's previous performance forecast.
Cao Xute's performance report is in line with the previous performance announcement, and we appreciate the company's ability to maintain its main products and produce new products, develop channels and branding, and focus on the progress of new capacity-building.
Products: Primary product fundamentals are secure, product structure is optimized, and new power is enhanced. Energy beverages continue to be developed. Emphasis is placed on scientific appliance, lysine and b-lives in staple products. Actively build “energy plus” product lines, and generate energy beverages, non-energy beverages and packaging for drinking.
The company continues to promote products such as thugs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, twigs, etc., through the introduction of different concepts of bubbles, twigs, twigs, twigs, etc. in energy drinks.
A rich product matrix that meets consumer-specific, landscape-based, fast-track, and high-end consumer demand. New products are marketed with good feedback.
Channels: Actively opening up channels to increase the marketing of products and optimize the regional share of revenues. Adoption of a marketing model that combines “company tillage + big circulation” and increases marketing capacity through a combination of line-to-line combinations.
There are more than 2,000 distributors, covering more than 1.79 million effective endpoints, combined with a combination of direct camps, lines, and so on. Among them, online channels focus more on increasing brand visibility.
The process of nationalization has been marked by a steady increase in the share of income in the country’s income from multiple regions and into the country, as well as by a steady increase in the share of direct income. It has been developed in two large, medium-sized and powerful regions of China.
Accelerating the downfall of channels and increasing product penetration. Brand: energy beverage taps, leading to the expansion of the industry. Since 2006, the volume of soft beverage retailing in the country has increased by 8.71 per cent annually, and the rate of growth has declined during the epidemic, but the rate of growth has returned to 5.5 per cent in 21 years, with retail market space.
To reach $1.79 billion. As consumption rises and consumption scenes expand, the energy beverage track will expand in the future. The company, as the country’s energy beverage leader, will develop together, either in the future or in solidarity with the industry.
Once built, the base is expected to generate 1.1 million tons of capacity, which will be released gradually over a five-year period. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There will be no change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.