East Peng beverages (605499) Food beverages are rich in stocks and national expansion is steadily advancing at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: The company released a 2021 performance report, which achieved a business income of $6.98 billion (+40.7 per cent) and a net return of $1.19 billion (+46.9 per cent) for the whole year; of this, an operating income of $1.42 billion (+54.9 per cent) for the first quarter of 21q4 and a net profit of $200 million (+82.3 per cent) for the mother, which is consistent with the performance announcement.
The main product is the doppelganger. The main product, the doppelganger, is the sulfuric acid, lysine, and multi-b vitamins, forming a complete system of resistance to fatigue; it is now the second most active in the city.
The "energy plus" product line meets the needs of different consumers and different consumption scenarios by differentizing new products. In the absence of full promotion and isolation from traditional product networks, the 0 sugar special drink brings in hundreds of thousands of new customers, with potential for development.
Expanding soft drinks and female consumers. 2. Actively opening up national channels to further increase market penetration and coverage. Combining “Corporate + Bulk” marketing models, increasing channel penetration in the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong, and China. Other regions adopt large-scale modes of circulation, making full use of them.
By the end of 2021h1, the company had covered more than 1.79 million terminals. Through the Internet and new retailing, it gradually made progress in fine-tuning management, precision marketing, up-to-line promotion and sustained consumer recovery.
The District Management Committee has signed an agreement on project entry, which will invest in the construction of regional headquarters and production bases in China, reduce the cost of transportation of products and further improve the strategic layout of nationalization.2 The construction of production bases in South China, Chongqing and Nanninghing will result in a production capacity of 1.1 million tons, approximately five years into production.
Production capacity will gradually be released, corporate capacity bottlenecks will be eased and scale effects enhanced, while the construction of Chongqing base will help to further meet the needs of the central and western markets and increase market share.3 The company and the Zhejiang State Committee for the Management of the New City will sign an investment agreement that will invest $630 million in the construction of Zhejiang production base to meet the needs of the Chinese market.
The energy beverage industry, which is about 9% more complex in the last five years, is second in the soft beverage industry. As the consumption of our population rises, the consumption of energy beverages expands, and consumers increase their acceptance of energy beverages, our energy beverage track rises.
There is still much room for growth. The company has been promoting 500-ml gold botts to avoid direct competition with red cows, with advantages such as high value for money, different packaging, etc., better suited to the main consumers of energy such as blue collars, drivers, couriers, and so on.
Share the dividends of the expansion of the energy beverage industry. East Pelican beverages (605499): q4 continues to increase and the product plus channel continues to function (2022-01-19).
2. Dopium beverages (605499): Nationalization has been steadily promoted. No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the entire country (2021-08-01), from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.