East Peng beverages (605499): steady progress is made and progress continues to be made in the fourth quarter of the year, with a further increase in the city's share. According to the annual report, 2,021q4 battalions received 1,418 million yuan, an increase of 55 per cent.
Real Māori ratio of 47.34 per cent continues to rise; 2) Large raw material polyester slices are purchased earlier (+2.1pt) and are required for post-market branding if listed cases are excluded
The market share for energy beverages has now risen from 27.00 per cent to 31.70 per cent in the same period last year, making it the country's highest level of sales. The market share has risen from 20.20 per cent to 20.20 per cent in the same period last year.
An event evaluation report on the East Peng Beverage (605499): Performance card 500 ml with a strong increase in consumption, with an out-of-town ratio of more than intra-provincial sub-products, the East Pengt received $6,592 million in 2021 (+42.34 per cent)
An incident evaluation report on East Peng Beverage (605499): 94.66 per cent overperformed (+0.83 ptt); of this, 50.24 88.63 per cent earned special bottled drinks for 500ml; battalion (including national battalion, Guang-East District special and catering channels)
656 million yuan (+43.29 per cent), or 9.42 per cent (+0.14 pct); 712 more online. 2.09 million active national terminal points. Companies adhere to five main strategies: 1) industrial strategy: building a large group supply chain
Management organization to advance the supply chain production and marketing synergies model, from the supply end to the business end to the integrated management of production and sales; the company will continue to build up the production lines for new products at the Sun City Base, the South China Ground, the Angkor Base, and Chongqing Base.
The construction of the Sand Base and the State Base have steadily advanced the issues related to the location, land acquisition and land registration of the Shenzhen Base and the Tsing Tsing Base, providing a solid basis for the consolidation and development of regional markets in South, China, East and South-West China.
2) Market strategy: accelerate the nationalization of the distribution of existing markets at the same time as the terminals are being opened, and continue to strengthen the marketing base in Guangdong,
Intelligent freezers (including current/teleport channels and traditional channels) at the national marketing headquarters and at the headquarters of the battalion, sustained end-point development, 3) customer strategy: consolidation of maintenance of existing owners, truck drivers, etc.
“Driving a family”, “Blue collars/New blue collars” such as take-out jockeys, couriers, etc., “White collar consumers” such as white collars, int programmers, etc., meet the basics of “porters”, “students”, “recreationalists”
The needs of the scenes of the “public sector”, “overtime group”, “good people in need”, and the creation of ad hoc projects. 4) Product strategy: Focus on the drink track, locking in consumption of “weary”
Scene. In 2022, we plan to launch a light-type energy for sports scenes, a beverage, a classic energy source of fungus, a beverage, a 250ml new gold can, and a 335ml seed.
Cans to build the "energy plus" branding strategy of the East Pod with its core: continuous mass branding, deeper functional value education for the company's products, making the East Pod the first option in a "weary" state
We're looking at the company's energy-drink track and new products under the national expansion route, downside risks, epidemic consumption, lack of up-to-date growth, under-release of new products, under-sales during the season, increased risks from competition in the industry,
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, not having done so, nor for having made specific submissions or opinions in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.