Dung Peng beverages (605499) Food beverages q4 continued to increase and product + channel continued to function
• Events: The company issued an advance announcement on its performance for the year 2021, achieved a net return profit of $1.15 billion to the year 2021 and continued expansion and accelerated nationalization. 1 Energy beverages are the company’s core products, including, inter alia, East Peng, 0 sugar and East Peng.
(b) Vitamins, which form a complete system of resistance to fatigue; they are now the second highest in energy beverages. The “energy plus” product line is actively built to meet the needs of different consumers and different consumption scenarios through the differentiation of new products.
The sales model combines a refined cropping model in the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong and China, enhancing the penetration capacity: other regions adopt a large-flow model, making full use of the resources of distributors.
China’s headquarters is being built to improve the country’s layout, and production bottlenecks are expected to be alleviated. 1. The company and the Shaqinxi District Economic Development Council have signed an agreement on project entry, which will invest in the construction of regional headquarters and production bases in China, reduce the cost of transportation of low products, and further improve the nationalization strategy. 2. China will be built in South China, Chongqing, Nanningsheng.
Production capacity will gradually be released, corporate capacity bottlenecks will be eased and scale-up will be enhanced: the construction of Chongqing bases will help to further meet the needs of the central and western markets and increase market share.3 Investment agreements will be signed between the company and the Zhejiang State Committee for the Management of the New City, which will invest $630 million in the construction of Zhejiang production base to meet the needs of the Chinese market.
The energy beverage industry, which is about 9% more complex in the last five years, is second in the soft beverage industry. As the consumption of our population rises, the consumption of energy beverages expands, and consumers increase their acceptance of energy beverages, our energy beverage track rises.
There is still much room for growth. The company has been promoting 500-ml gold botts to avoid direct competition with red cows, with advantages such as high value for money, different packaging, etc., better suited to the main consumers of energy such as blue collars, drivers, couriers, and so on.
Equivalent benefits from the expansion of the energy beverage industry.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly by reason of, or on account of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.