Dung Peng Beverage (605499): Super-expected performance, product channel Double-wheel drive (first time)
▪ Strong growth in the fourth quarter, driven by a two-wheel drive in the product channel. According to the performance report, we expect a net profit of $154 million from the 2021q4 to the mother-to-the-quarters overperformance, mainly due to the following reasons: 1) companies continue to optimize
The product structure and customer structure actively enhance the development of traditional channels in the country's markets and further enhance the overall marketing and coverage of products; and (2) companies actively build “energy plus” product lines to meet the needs of different scenarios and groups of people.
The company's 2021q1-q3 energy beverages are receiving $5.338 billion, or 42 per cent, in proportion to the growth in energy beverages.
We expect to maintain high growth momentum in the fourth quarter. From a regional perspective, the regions of China’s East, South West, Central China, and the North are the focus areas of corporate activity. 20221q1-q3 features as follows: China’s East Market collects $613 million.
In terms of regional expansion, the company divided the country into four platoons: Guangdong as the first full-fledged market, Guangxi, Hunan, Jiangxi and Zhejiang as the second team; Fujian, Anhui and Henan as the third team, the greater north-west and north-west, etc.
It's the fourth. The four different ladders have different strategies for grid expansion, canal construction, and consumer development.
In June 2020, the company launched a new product, East Peng Ga, and tested in the Guangzhou and Fushan regions; in April 2021, it launched a new product, 0 sugar specials, and tested in the Guangzhou and Nakayama regions, and since June 2021, it has been operating in Guangdong and Guangxi and on the line.
On December 10, 2021, the company introduced “She can” for female target groups.
In Guangdong Province, there is an imbalance in the regional markets, with the sales of the Pearl Triangle contributing more than in the Kanxi and Yanbei regions; and in 2022, a catering complex was set up in Guangdong, which opened a catering channel, except for the promotion of East Pate.
Drinks are also promoted by non-energy drinks such as lemon tea, Chen Pitt, and water; 3) The Guangdong region is also increasing the penetration of products and the downfall of channels, with a different level of emphasis on improving access and quality of coverage.
An effective end-point development is an important indicator for company sales personnel, and the company has nearly 5 million terminals as of October 2021 and still has much scope for opening up.
To optimize the strategic layout of the company, the company has set up the Changsha base in Hunan, and the future Zhejiang County will be laid.
We're looking at the company's energy-drink track and new products under the national expansion route, downside risks, epidemic consumption, lack of up-to-date growth, under-release of new products, under-sales during the season, increased risks from competition in the industry,
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.