We're going to dismantle the Central U.S. High Machine and re-enter the market to show that we're going to speed up our development.
Keywords: # Merger Reorganization Events: The company issues a public announcement to re-establish the listing of the U.S. High Union (U.S.U.), a subsidiary whose program consists of (1) smooth technology release of hundreds of millions of dollars for remediating currents and the construction of a Mexican production base.
• The proposed dismantling of the central high-speed machine and re-marketing of the plate is expected to be re-valued.
Construction, aimed at expanding the American market to include 15,700 annual production capacity in the postpartum high machine, of which 10,300 have been cut fork, 5,400 arms, with production value of $2.44 billion. Luthor technology is a listed company acquired in February 2022 by the Central and Central Union, which is based on smart cockpits, smart cabins, intelligent assistive driving and car-connection-related products. As of 2023, q1, China has joined the United States.
After the break-up, the CHP will become a fully-owned subsidiary of LSD, and the CNS will still control LSD. It is hoped that China will build capital through an independent listed company platform and make further efforts to increase the speed of growth, which is expected to be worth revalued.
It is a new and emerging strategic block of the Central and Central IQU, based on the technological homogeneity of the cranes, the full spectrum of the company's products, electricization, hundreds of millions of dollars, a compound growth rate of 439%, and a growth rate of excellence. Lustwig technology makes the following performance commitments for the purchase of the medium and high machine:
▪ The engineering and machinery industry is expected to recover in the second half of the year, and the lead is expected to start performing. 15766 excavators (including exports) were sold in June 2023, a 24 per cent decline in the same year, of which 6098 were in the country.
11.2% of the export sales of excavators have been negative on a year-on-year basis in June, and we judge that the export share of foreign brands has declined, and domestic brands have grown faster than industry. Given that other machines such as cranes, concrete machines, etc. have performed better than excavators this year, the country’s leading leaders have improved their sales structure, export profits are higher than domestic ones, and the prices of raw materials such as steel have fallen sharply.
In the context of the 2022 report, we judge the speed of growth in the profits of engineering machinery > income > sales and see the second quarter of the year with steady performance ratings: performance in line with expectations, diversification, diversity.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.