Mid 2023: slightly over-expected performance, overseas market Research Assistant Wedice Keyword: #Export orientation
Events: Corporate disclosure of the semi-annual report of 2023, slightly over-marketed.  Performance slightly exceeded expectations, and overseas markets doubled; Concrete/lifting machines achieved income of $4.10 billion, compared to 3.2 per cent, better than industry performance; Emerging
During the first half of the year, Cricket earth machinery achieved an income of $2.9 billion, a 99 per cent increase in the same year, while the share of the domestic market in China doubled in the same year, with sales abroad increasing by 174 per cent in the same year; high machine revenue of $3.4 billion, a 10 per cent slide, and offshore revenue of $8.4 billion, a significant increase of 115 per cent in the same year, and export performance.
In the first half of the year, companies such as the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Russia, Kazakhstan, Brazil, among others, saw sales performance rise by more than 200 per cent over the same year, and engineering cranes became the highest brand in cities such as the Middle East, and products were created to remain first in the markets of Turkey, India, and South Korea.
In the first half of 2023, the company sold 27.9% Māori, an increase of 7.1% over the same period, with a condensation rate of 9.2%, an increase of 1.0% over the same period.
As corporate internationalization accelerates, the company’s profit center is expected to continue to move up.  Business layouts are driven by growth, new stock-holding schemes show confidence, corporate traditional business advantages are evident, emerging strategic plates and diggers are expected to grow rapidly, and business is well-placed.
Block-driven growth. We predict a robust growth in corporate performance and a greater profit-side elasticity: (1) The Central and Heavy Section (000157) is to be dismantled and the cluster of corporate intelligent manufacturing industries is expected to be completed by the end of the year, and production capacity will continue to fall.
The UGC has re-established its presence on the market to highlight the accelerated development of spare parts, which are expected to contribute to the production of mitigation efficiency gains by companies and to show the impact of scale effects. (2) The domestic cycle is mildly repaired, and overseas operations are growing rapidly.
The company is expected to use 4.89% of the shares previously purchased in total equity for the new period.
The plan covers not more than 1,500 members of company management and core staff and is expected to further stimulate staff performance: performance is better than industry, motivation and cohesion, and confidence in growth is enhanced.
Overseas earnings increased by 123 per cent over the same period.