Capital Head Enterprise, Railways Collusively Assisted Values.
• The company is the leading company in the capital sector, which has been operating soundly for many years. The company was formerly a railway soldier, with enr ranked three-in-a-kind as the “largest 250 contractors in the world.” The core of the business includes railways, roads, bridges, tunnels, urban tracks, etc., and is in the lead in the industry.
The company’s operations have been spread across 32 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities and special territories, including Taiwan, as well as 121 countries around the world. In recent years, the company’s intracontinental operations have grown steadily over the years, and have been overseas for 18 years.
The business is under a slight strain, largely influenced by market factors, but a series of summits are about to take place, with a 19-year-old offshore project landing and turnover expected to accelerate. In 19 years, railway operations will be 13 or 5 new highs, benefiting most of the leading firms.
The railway construction industry has become a monopoly, with two irons taking an absolute advantage over the years.
Planning is a cyclical feature, with the mileage usually occurring at peaks every three to five years, mostly two years after each round of planning, and behind schedule, so we believe that 19 years are likely to be the peak year for railway billing and commissioning, with companies having a higher degree of certainty of benefits as giants in the railway field.
• Industrial manufacturing plate technology leads the way, and industrial chains have significant synergies. Companies have developed industrial manufacturing plates based on the leading industry in the infrastructure block industry, and are equally technologically advanced, leading to a whole industry chain layout with significant synergies.
80% of tunnel diggers in the country account for about half, especially in the city of tbm at 85%, further contributing to the expansion of their operations in the infrastructure sector. Compared to the company’s valuation hub, 11.24 times, there is still room for premiums.
The first “recommended” rating was given for a lower position than in the case of the industry.
The company, formerly a railway soldier, was formally transformed in 2007 and was established by the exclusive initiative of China Railways Construction Ltd., a construction company with a background in the National Council of Governors, and was listed in Shanghai and Hong Kong in 2008. The company is well established in the same industry and continues to be selected for the third place in 2018 in the United States Engineering News Records (enr) magazine, “The world's 250 largest contractors”;
Successively selected for Fortune magazine, World 500, and 58th place in 2018: successively selected for China Business 500 and 14th place in 2018. (ii) The company is the leading company in the capital block, operating in more than 120 countries, both within and outside China.
The company’s main business is engineering contracting, surveying design consulting, real estate development, etc., and covers industrial manufacturing, logistics and logistics, trade, investment finance, etc., with a more sophisticated industrial chain. In terms of industry, the company’s main business involves core building blocks such as railways, roads, bridges, tunnels, urban tracks, etc., and occupies a leading position in the industry, particularly railway plates, and medium-sized iron.
Two giants account for about 90% of the market.
Directly administered cities and special administrative regions, as well as 121 countries around the world. Business within the continent has been growing steadily for many years, with a slight 18-year pressure on overseas operations, largely influenced by market factors, but a series of summits are about to take place, with 19-year overseas plates or sustained momentum, and projects are expected to accelerate.
The railway construction industry has become a monopoly, with two irons taking an absolute advantage over the years. In recent years, the average annual investment in railways has been stable at about $800 billion, assuming that the average annual rate of funding for project construction is between 65 and 75 per cent, and the project has been released steadily.
Each year, the number of projects released is about 5200-6000, while the average number of railway orders for the last three years of the two irons is about 5000-6000.
1. We compare the trend of mileage and rail orders, which has lagged behind the trend of two irons since 13 years. 2) The trend of business mileage and mileage is generally consistent, with a coefficient of 0.98, based on the country ' s five-year planning cycle. 3) The trend of rail orders is more likely to be resonant and corporate orders are expected to be matched by the trend of railways.
Figure 5: Comparison of trends in production mileage and new iron-signing railway orders, Figure 6: Higher consistency between production mileage and business mileage, Figure 7: Approximately three to five years per round in terms of railway delivery mileage
The industrial manufacturing plates of the company are divided into three main systems: equipment manufacturing, material production, concrete pc components/steel structures, including, inter alia, the manufacture of large-scale road support machinery, underground construction equipment, orbital construction equipment, concrete construction equipment, lifting equipment, etc.
Bridge construction equipment, compact equipment, concrete products, bridge steel structures, fork and clippings, railway Electrification Contact Networks, and parts and components.
Steel track grinders, turnover grinders, rock tunnels, high-speed pots, clips,
A chain-knife underground continuous wall, arc pre-cutter, etc. Cars, maintenance vehicles, materials.
(tbm), mining tunnels, transport cars, etc.
H-column steel columns, cellular steel columns, urban rail contact net zero.
Machines, down-line mobile modeling, electrical rail contact steel tubes/geostructured hard cross beams, etc.
Table 1: Major product advantages IV. Financial projections and investment proposals
The annual rate of growth has declined slightly, mainly as a result of the environmental impact of the market, and the level of corporate performance is at a steady rate of growth, with the company ' s overall rate of increase of 0.4 percentage points over the period, mainly due to a tight credit environment over 18 years, a marked increase in financial costs and a relatively high increase of 0.34 per cent in financial costs.
At the same time, the ratio of corporate assets and liabilities e15:peband
At a low level, and still at a lower level than in the industry, the company's financial statements provide for the first “recommended” rating.
Wang Kai-hyun, a consultant (investment), a senior engineer, and a first-level builder. For almost eight years, the metal and construction industry has been working as editor-in-chief of the steel industry, gb/t18916.31, has several patents (inventory patent 1, successively as technical director, director, project manager, and has been involved in overseas “one-way” engineering projects, with considerable experience in the steel industry and in national and international project management.
As Fifi, a Master of Science, Risk and Finance, Southampton University, joined the civil securities industry in 2017 to conduct construction-oriented research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.