Hua Yum (688396): Power semiconductor idm tap, accelerated vertical integration of national production to replace China Yum
China’s power semiconductor leading company, the country’s only idm manufacturer, the largest mosfet supplier.
A semiconductor company with the capability to operate. The company already has a strong technology and power in the area of separation devices and ic. High-tech enterprises have built and operated the first 4-Eng in China. With the idm model, the company is currently a small minority in the country that can provide low, medium and medium-sized items in the range of -100v to 1500v.
The first 6-inch production line, the firm with a series of high-pressure mosfet products, and the company's research and development of various types of power management ic, the only one of the top 10 Chinese companies with an idm model.
On the other hand, the company has China’s leading crystal-crystal manufacturing services, is one of the country’s leading semiconductor R & D producers, and is one of the largest semiconductor special process platforms in the country. It currently has a number of 6 inches and 8 inches of production lines.
Device manufacturers are the largest domestic collectors, the product series, and companies are growing at a high rate of revenue and profit, increasing profitability from year to year, with the fastest and most full mosfet manufacturer of scale and strength.
Speed up, and a process breakthrough for third-generation semiconductor power devices, high-end power ic, and mems sensors is expected to accelerate in the future. The annual global power semiconductor market is expected to reach $44.1 billion, and the Chinese market is expected to reach 159.
In recent years, China’s power semiconductor market has grown rapidly, domestic production rates have been low, and import alternatives have been larger. Foreign firms are now highly monopolistic, with cr10 as much as 60%. We believe that China’s trade friction and the rapid growth of new energy vehicles are expected to accelerate national production semiconductors.
The automobile industry is the dominant market for the global power semiconductor, while the power unit is the new energy flowb/h (millions)
There is a continuing lack of industry cores for auto-manufacturing, and supply and demand are likely to push domestic firms to finance the expansion of semiconductor containment bases, with a higher share of vertical integration support. The company’s Idm model has more potential for development than a vertical division of labour, with deeper accumulation and sedimentation of production links in the long run.
In the near future, the company has proposed an expansional semiconductor containment base of up to $5 billion to upgrade the company’s own business processes and provide a more advanced substitute service. We believe that, with the rapid expansion of the company’s production capacity, the industry chain is more fully aligned.
With a sustained focus on R & D inputs, it is expected that the market share in power semiconductors will continue to be raised in the future and that, with the advantage of surrogates, the market space for new energy vehicles and 5g new infrastructure will be quickly taken up to maintain a long-term intergenerational acceleration, with “very recommended” ratings for the first time.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Leaning (688396): Power semiconductor idm tap, accelerated vertical integration of national production replacement
1. China’s power-driven semiconductor leads the entire industrial chain, the 1.1 national production semiconductor’s idm tap, the largest domestic collector and the most complete product series of mosfet plants, and China’s leading semiconductor with the capability of integrating the entire industrial chain, such as chip design, crystal circle manufacturing, and sealing testing. Hua Yunwai is the China Yung collection.
The high-tech company responsible for micro-electronics has built and operated China’s first four-inch crystalline, and its first six-inch crystal-crystal line, and has carried out a number of national priority projects. After years of development, the company has become an influential integrated semi-conductor in mainland China and has been continuously rated by the Ministry of Trade and Communications since 2004 as a pioneer of Chinese semiconductors such as Huaco Electronics, China’s Hua Jing and Shanghai Technology.
In terms of sales, Hua Yunwa was ranked tenth among China’s semiconductor enterprises in 2018, the only one in the top 10 that operated a semiconductor based on the idm model, the largest power plant in the country, and the largest and most full-scale mosfet manufacturer in the country.
Huo Yu Wei provides a wealth of semiconductor products and system solutions for clients. Currently, the company’s main business can be divided into two business blocks: products and programmes (power semiconductors, smart sensors and smart controls) and manufacturing and services (crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulation testing, masking), which are self-designed, controlled by the manufacturing process, and have advanced product technology and manufacturing process capabilities in the area of separate devices and integrated circuits.
The power semiconductor is the company’s most important product. The company’s power semiconductor can be divided into two main types of powerware and poweric. The power device products are mainly mosfet, igbt, sbd and frd, and the poweric product consists mainly of a series of power management chips. The company is the most profitable and technologically leading mosfet in the country.
By virtue of the advantages of the Idm model and its strong R & D capabilities, the company is currently a small group of enterprises in the country that can provide low-, medium- and high-pressure series of mosfet products in the range of 100 v to 1500v, as well as a major domestic firm with all mosfet mainstream plant structure R & D and manufacturing capabilities. The company has established a leading national trench-fs process platform with 600v-6500vigbt process capabilities.
Using advanced 8-inch trench technology, which is characterized by low electrical resistance, low power leaks, high reliability, and can be customized according to the customer’s established needs. By using advanced heavy metal mixing, companies’ frd products perform better in reverse recovery speeds, softness coefficients, etc. Corporate poweric products are mainly power-management for various types of power sources and are widely applied to end-use areas such as consumer electronics, automobiles, industrial controls, etc.
Table 1: Corporate power semiconductor major products. Company manufacturing and service operations mainly provide services such as semiconductor open crystal round manufacturing, sealing tests, etc. The company owns China’s leading crystal circle manufacturing services.
Capabilities, one of the main semiconductor special process platforms in the country. The company ' s 6-inch production line can be at the forefront in the country, and the company provides its customers with unique crystal-crystal manufacturing services for the process of 1.0-0.11 m, including silicon and soi-based bcd, mixed signals, high-pressure cos, radio frequency cmos, bipolar, bicnos, embedded non-lost memory, gbt, mems, silicgan, sic, etc.
Unlike the standard digital integrated circuit manufacturing process developed in compliance with Moore's Law, companies focus on customizing and customizing crystallizing manufacturing services, and the company provides an international leader in technology for the bcd process and a national leader in technology for the mems process. Companies provide manufacturing and service operations for a number of well-known domestic and international semiconductors and electronics enterprises, and end-products are used in communications, goods networking, consumer electronics, etc.
In many areas, such as auto-electronics, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, China Yuwa (688396): power semiconductor idm taps, accelerated vertical integration of national production replacements.
The company’s main clients are mpsinternational, ltd, diodes incorporated, Shenzhen Rich Electronics Group Ltd., tin-free pyrotechnics Co. Ltd., Middle Electronics Co. Ltd., Shenzhen Premble Electronics Co. Ltd. and Shanghai Ai Electronics Co. Ltd., and so on, the company’s top five customers were sold in 2016-2019.
The company ' s cooperative relationship with major clients is good and does not depend heavily on a single customer.1.2 The return on profits has been steady and profitability has improved significantly. Over the past few years, corporate revenue has been on the rise overall, rising steadily after a 19-year global semiconductor industry downturn, with a 20-year increase in net profits.
After the first three quarters of the year, the global semiconductor industry gradually emerged from the bottom of the valley, and with new rounds of technology, such as 5g, ai, object networking, autopilot, and vr/ar, the Chinese semiconductor sector is expected to enter into the gold period of substitution and growth over the next decade, gradually gaining a significant place in the structural adjustment of the global semiconductor market. The company’s business earnings have recovered over the past 20 years, and net profits have increased significantly.
According to the 2020 performance report, the company achieved annual revenues of $6,977 million, an increase of 21.49 per cent over the same year, and a net return profit of $960 million, an increase of 139.66 per cent over the same period. The company is expected to benefit fully from the development of the integrated circuit industry, benefiting from historic opportunities such as import substitution, self-controllable semi-conductor industries, and to maintain the growth momentum.
In 2016, corporate power semiconductor products accounted for only about 30.00 per cent of total revenues, and in 20 years they had risen to 44.70 per cent. In 2020, the company reclassified products and sub-products within the programme, with original power semiconductors, smart sensors, smart controls, and a total of 44.70 per cent.
Other ic products have been changed to separate devices, ic designs, appliances, and aggregates. Of these, the separate devices, the original power semiconductor products, account for the total revenue. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom is the manufacturing and service plate, and the company’s Māori rates and net interest rates have increased in recent years.
The Māori rate for the sale of corporate products and programmes increased from 25.19% in 2016 to 29.48% in 2019, while Māori rates and net interest rates, which were strongly synchronized with the sale of manufacturing and service plates, re-emerged after a small fall back in 2019. In recent years, the share of product and programme blocks in the revenue of the public sector’s main business has continued to rise, which is also a major factor in the increase in the Māori and net interest rates for corporate sales.
The cost of the issuer period was higher than in the previous period, mainly because of a decrease in operating income over the same period of the previous year (the industry was in recession), while the fixed cost of the period was higher, resulting in higher costs. After the industry’s re-emerged in 2020, the cost rate was again on a downward trend.
Added to this is a marked increase in the cost rate, with a return to normal revenue over 20 years and a decrease in the cost rate, it is worth noting that 20 years of company R & D costs have already accounted for more than half of the cost of the period. The semiconductor industries in which the company operates are capital-intensive and technology-intensive industries, with continued capital spending and investment development, which are fundamental to the competitiveness of the company’s products and services in the market, and higher inputs have contributed to the increase in the company’s profitability and market competitiveness.
The key role is also a prerequisite for companies to succeed in developing their customers and downstream applications. Figure 8: Research and development costs for 2016-2020q3
Promoting corporate development and maintaining technological leadership. 1.3 State-owned large funds hold more than 5% of the shares, 20% of the ipo is raised for R & D, and the state-owned large funds hold more than 5% of the shares.
The State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, Inc., which is co-owned by the Central Ministry of Finance and several state-owned enterprises, holds 6.43% of the shares, becoming the only source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East. The subsidiaries have a clear division of labour, close operations, and integrated operations provide a more comprehensive range of services and products to their clients.
The China-Line semiconductor is mainly involved in chip design, the China-Chihua-Chihua-Chihua-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Chi-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci-Ci..
Funds raised by ipo will quickly facilitate the location, development, and merger integration of corporate projects. The funds raised after listing are used mainly for 8-inch high-end sensor and power semiconductor construction projects (35%), forward-looking technology and product upgrading R & D projects (14%) and industrial M & A and integration projects (36%) to maintain technology leadership through physical construction, technology R & D, and M & D and acquisition of high-quality domestic and foreign enterprises.
The 8-inch high-end sensor and power semiconductor construction project is structured around corporate focus on smart sensors and the strategic layout of power semiconductors, upgrading the technology and increasing the production capacity of the 8-inch bcd process platform by completing the development of propulsion technology for the construction of the base plant and power facilities: simultaneously building the 8-inch metms process platform to improve the outreach support capabilities and maintain technology leadership. The first phase of the project is expected to increase the technology bcd per month after delivery.
The project ' s previous preparatory phase was 2.75 years: 15 months for the preparatory phase, 12 months for the construction phase and 6 months for the acceptance phase. The project was launched in September 2018. The company ' s forward-looking and product upgrading research and development project was directed towards the design of third-generation semiconductor devices and process technology studies, power separations.
The source of financial growth in the East, the depth of securities in East Hing, China Yuu Wei (688396): power semiconductor idm taps, accelerated vertical integration of national production replacements.
The project has a three-year lead-up period: six months for the preparatory phase, 24 months for the construction phase and six months for the acceptance phase of the project. The project entered the preparatory phase in January 2020.
In the design chain, companies consider investing in and buying high-reliability power devices, to design companies and to high-reliability power-management design companies; in the manufacturing chain, companies consider investing in semiconductor manufacturing companies; and in the encapsulation ring, companies consider investing in and acquiring technically advanced semiconductor packagings, with a focus on car-grade semiconductor seals.
In the case of investment mergers and acquisitions for design, manufacturing and sealing, the company plans to use 50%, 20% and 30% of the funds, respectively. The project will run for a three-year period from the time it seeks the relevant targets to the time it completes the acquisition plan.
2. The semiconductor industry has recovered, the national production replacement rate has gradually increased, the market size of 2.1 power semiconductors has risen steadily, the market share of China has continued to increase steadily, and the demand of the automobile sector has risen steadily. According to ihsmarkit, the global power semiconductor market reached its size in 2019.
In the global power semiconductor market, the automotive sector is the dominant market, followed by industry and consumer electronics. In recent years, the demand for power semiconductors has grown faster with the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, and in 2019 the power semiconductor has taken over the market size of the automobile industry.
35.4 per cent in industry, 26.8 per cent in industry, and 13.2 per cent in 2019 in consumer electronics. According to ihsmarkit ' s projections, China ' s power semiconductor market accounted for 35.6 per cent of the global market in 2019, reaching $14.4 billion, an increase of 4.3 per cent compared to 2018, and its market size is expected to reach $15.9 billion in 2021.
The combined growth rate for 2016-2019 was 8.7%, which is higher than the global growth rate. In terms of the size of the sub-sector market, China has the largest demand for power semiconductors in the automotive and industrial sectors, with a market size of 27.4% and 23.1%, respectively. The power semiconductor product is divided into poweric and powerware (including mosfet, igbt) and so on, according to ihsmarkit, mid-2018.
The national power semiconductor market has a 61% poweric ratio and a total power device ratio of 34%. In the power device market distribution, the Chinese market has a high 39% share, and the product is currently mainly imported, and there is a large national production replacement space.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East  Market size (millions of United States dollars) - long ratio (%) Figure 16: Market share of China's power semiconductor classification in 2018
The market size and share of China’s mosfet and igbt markets have grown rapidly and are less home-grown. Mosfet and igbt are examples of the back-to-back of power-distribution products, which, because of their technological advantages, have been widely used in the manufacture of new energy cars, computers, mobile power sources, etc., have risen in recent years, reaching 20% and 14% respectively in 2018.
In 2016-2018, the combined growth rate of the igbt was 23.9%, both far above the overall growth rate of the power semiconductor, and mosfet and igbt will be the strongest semiconductor power devices to grow in the next five years. According to the Chinese Semiconductor Association, China ' s mainstream power plant, such as Chinese electronics, Yangjet, Sranco and Suzhou, captured 3.25% of the global powerware market in 2017, accounting for 8.34% of the domestic market; by searching for the major ones.
The annual report of China's mainstream producers, which estimates that in 2019 we received about 10 per cent of the domestic market, still have a larger national product. Figure 18: The size of the market for China's power mosfet.
2.2 Global market concentration is high, and China’s rising demand is expected to accelerate national production to replace the global power semiconductor industry, with overseas firms such as Euro-American Day monopolizing the global power semiconductor industry, with China Yunwai leading the national production mosfet supplier. According to ihsmarkit, British falcon is the absolute leader in the power semiconductor industry worldwide, and it is the top ten in all market patterns.
The suppliers are all overseas enterprises, with a market share of over 60%, and the national production substitution process for the power semiconductor is still in its early stages. For example, the supply of igbt is mainly concentrated in manufacturers such as British fliers and Mitsubishi generators, with the top five manufacturers accounting for 67.5% of the total market share, while the top ten manufacturers account for 86.1%, with a high market concentration. The mosfet market is dominated by manufacturers such as British fliers and Ansammy semiconductors.
According to statistics, sales of global power mosfet separate devices reached $7.58 billion in 2018, with British flyer sales reaching $2.1 billion, accounting for 27.7% of global power mosfet sales, with the top five suppliers accounting for 62.8% of the market share, and the top ten suppliers for 81% of the market share. And, in China’s mosfet market, Hua Yunwa is the third largest international firm in China, followed only by British and Anseng-American companies, and is mainland China.
The largest mosfet manufacturer is in the lead in future national production replacements.
It was founded in 1999 as one of the world's leading semiconductor companies. It was preceded by the Siemens semiconductor sector, independent in 1999 and listed in 2000. It focused on providing semiconductor and system solutions for automobile and industrial power devices, chip cards, and safety applications, whose products are known for high reliability, excellent quality and innovation, as well as simulations and blending signals, firings.
On April 16, 2020, British Flying Eagle announced the formal completion of the acquisition of Sepras Semiconductor, which successfully joined the world’s top ten semiconductor manufacturers, according to the financial report for the fiscal year 2020 (as of September 30).
First, leapfroging into the world’s number one power split device and semiconductor manufacturer. As global chip manufacturers warmed up, British flyers started to transform and integrate artificial intelligence into an emerging technology, British flyer Asia Pacific operations president Chuacheeseong said that the company would spend 27 million Singapore dollars (US$ 2020 million) in the next three years to establish the world’s first personal industrial intelligence centre in Singapore.
The company's success in R & D not only expands the company's market, but also helps the company to adapt its internal functions and processes, from human resources to business activities, to power semiconductors, the leader of Ansomé, which was separated from Motorola in 1999 and placed in NASDAQ in the United States the following year. Ansomé's product series includes power and signal management, logic, separation and custom-made devices, mainly for automobiles, telecommunications, computers, consumer electronics, engineering.
The company operates world-class value-added supply chains and networks in key markets in North America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region, including manufacturing plants, marketing offices and design centres. In 2019, the financial report generated $5.518 billion in revenue and a net profit of $214 million.
Introduction of a new 2.3 million pixel cms image sensor sample using a breakthrough-red scintillation (lfm) technique, establishing a new benchmark for advanced vehicle driving support system (adas) applications. Ansomy semiconductor re-emerging its market leadership and being the first supplier to provide an lfm-based ar0231at sensor samples, will continue to adhere to the path of technological innovation in the visual field of industrial machinery to better prepare for industrial workers.
For example, in the area of it, China is the second largest market after the United States. The US government has put a number of high-tech companies in China since 2019 (e.g., China-China Communications, Heiconway, etc.), for reasons of national security, among others.
Inclusion in the list of “entities,” prohibiting them from doing business in the United States, and preventing them from purchasing scientific and technological products and technologies from United States companies, has seriously affected the operations and development of these Chinese technology and service providers. This has resulted in domestic manufacturers being in the process of replacing and pre-positioning state-made devices, and the Chinese government has supported the nationalization of the infrastructure of the IT in important domestic sectors to make it safe and manageable.
Policy and financial support for China's semiconductor companies led to higher growth rates for China's semiconductor companies than the global average and to a gradual upgrading of Chinese manufacturers in the East's financial and intellectual booming source of 2.3 new energy vehicles and “new infrastructure” will drive rapid growth in the semiconductor industry and an increase in the rate of national import substitution.
New energy cars are growing rapidly, pulling power semiconductors fast. Global sales of new energy vehicles are rising, albeit declining in 19 years, but they are largely subject to macroeconomic impacts.
At the global level and in China, the use of semiconductors in the automotive sector is the highest in downstream applications, while new energy vehicles are made with more power semiconductors than conventional cars. The value of power devices in conventional cars is $50, and the value of pure electric motor power semiconductors is approximately $455, which is nearly nine times higher than the demand for new power in the traditional car fleet.
Power control systems such as drivers, power-propelled power shifts and power brakes, as well as power switching modules such as battery management systems, all play an important role. The igbt module is a core device for new-energy motor power systems and straight-flow grids, at a cost of 8-10% of the cost of new-energy wholes and 20% of the cost of recharges. Both are essential requirements for new-energy automobiles, both of which will develop rapidly as a result of the boom in the new-energy car market.
The consumer electronics sector has taken advantage of the power of new energy vehicles as a result of the rapid growth of the epidemic. As a result of the outbreak of the new crown, teleworking and tele-education, personal computer needs began to rise from the second quarter to 13.1 per cent year-on-year growth in 2020 and 26.1 per cent year-on-year growth in the fourth quarter.
In addition to this, China’s strong control of the epidemic has led to the resumption of production, which has led to the transfer of many of the global market’s orders for mobile phones, computers, etc., to China’s interior, and to a slower recovery in automobile manufacturing, which has led to a shift in some of the semiconductor enterprises that originally supply cars to the consumer electronics industry. The ultimate success rate of semiconductors has been in short supply in both the consumer electronics and automobile industries, which have been hit much more severely.
The managers of cars, Fords, Fiat Chrysler, Toyota, and Japanese cars have all said that they have been hit by shortages and forced to delay production of certain types of vehicles to maintain the operation of other factories. The country’s new capital policy has led to a process of commercialization that has led to a doubling of the demand for power semiconductors.
5g communications use millimetre waves, massivemimo, etc., and according to British flyer, the massivemimo used at the 5g base station has a semiconductor value of $100, which is nearly four times higher than at the 4g base station. To transmit more information, 5g transmits the signal with a higher frequency of electromagnetic waves than 4g, resulting in reduced penetration of the electromagnetic wave, faster signal decomposition and speed to reach the 4g-like letter.
The Chinese Institute for the Development of the Electronic Information Industry projects that, by 2030, there will be 15 million of our 5g stations, and that more base stations will create greater market space for power semiconductors. The source of easterly financial intelligence will flourish.
Figure 26: Changes in the global volume of pc vendors in 2020 The supply of power semiconductors is in short supply and many companies are starting to increase their prices. A series of price increases in the semiconductor industry chain have been caused by rising demand for power semiconductors in the new energy cars, consumer electronics, etc. The continued tension in the production of crystals and seals.
The future of high-power semiconductor prices has become clear. The scale of production has expanded rapidly, and the country’s production has replaced the future.
Markets. The following is the state of production planning and construction work by front-line semi-conductors in the country, and it can be seen that major producers are building up their capacity, believing that national production replacements will make great progress when they are largely localized. It's just a long way away from thirst, and even if China's new mills, which account for 40% of the world's production, may not be able to fill the gap, so the supply and demand imbalance of the power semi-conductor will be high with the industry.
3. A full range of large-scale manufacturing service providers, with vertically integrated core operations remaining ahead of 3.1 finance the expansion of semiconductor containment bases and the emerging advantage of the Idm model
The company is the only one in the top ten of China’s semiconductor companies that operate primarily on the idm model. For products like power semiconductors, R & D is quite comprehensive. R & D combines product design, manufacturing, sealing and testing multiple industrial chains with a multiplier effect.
The accumulation of firms in the R & D and production links will be deeper, more conducive to technological accumulation and product formation and upgrading, and the relative technical capacity and continued investment requirements will be higher. The vertical division of labour model, which requires only one industry component, will grow faster at an early stage, but based on the idm business model, allows companies to take advantage of internal integration of resources, improve operating management efficiency, and reduce product design to volume.
The time required to customize more efficient and flexible specialty processes according to the needs of clients is more promising in the long run. Market patterns show that six of the top 10 companies in the world ' s semiconductor industry in 2020 adopted the Idm model, the top 10 semiconductor manufacturers in the world used the Idm model for all, and the top 10 semiconductors in the country in 2018 used only the Idm model.
Table 5: Global semiconductor corporate income ranking and business model, 2020
By the end of the first quarter, the Department's plan to increase the semiconductor sealing base by raising up to RMB 5 billion in shares with specific targets. By the end of the quarter, the Department's plan had been approved by the CSRC. This round of the plan was to invest a total of RMB 5.4 billion, of which $4.2 billion was for the power semiconductor sealing base project and $1.2 billion was to supplement liquidity. The company plans to concentrate on the existing capacity semiconductor sealing test resources and to start a new one at the Si Yongwe Electronics Park in Chongqing.
The high reliability of the power semiconductor is an important manifestation of product competitiveness. With the development of the power semiconductor industry, the importance of the containment technology in the power semiconductor industry chain is growing and the value of the containment chain is higher than that of the comparative digital integration circuit.
The resources of the East's financial and intellectual booms, built a power semiconductor encapsulation base around standard power, advanced panel-grade power products, and three process platforms for special applications of power semiconductor products, covering new infrastructure areas such as consumer electronics, industrial controls, auto electrons, 5g, aiot, etc., for consolidation and further development.
The Chinese Micropower Semiconductor Covering Base is designed to create a home-scale, technologically advanced, technologically autonomous semiconductor containment base that will be positioned to support the company’s own-power product core operations, while providing advanced containment process surrogate services. The Chinese MicroCredit Semiconductor Control Base is the company’s company.
The establishment of the Chinese Micropower Semiconductor Banner Base effectively meets the business development needs of the company, expands the capture capacity of the company’s power semiconductor products, enriches the product structure, reduces the operating costs of production: develop and upgrade the products that support the company’s power semiconductor through the establishment of a unique multi-process platform.
The Chinese Micropower Semiconductor Envelope Base Planning is divided into two main process production lines: Power Cover and Advanced Covering. Power Cover Production Lines are mainly oriented towards Power Division. Setup Blocking and Power Module Covering, using the clip, super-power, dbc, ims, etc., for coolmos and coolmos.
Sgtmos, hvmos, sbd, igbt modules, moss integration, etc., for use in end-use areas such as automobiles, industrial controls, and new energy sources.
The installation of the containment base project is expected to produce approximately 3.75 billion units per year, and about 2.250 billion units per year before entering the containment line. 3.2 Forward-looking innovation in research and development, product process breakthroughs quickly, and capacity semiconductor growth opportunities are captured.
High priority is given to building technological teams and upgrading R & D capabilities, with many manufacturing processes leading nationally and internationally. From 2016 to 2020 q3, companies pay more than 7% for R & D and 7.6% for R & D. It can be seen that China’s R & D costs and their share of revenue are among the highest in comparison with comparable companies in the domestic industry. As of 30 June 2019, the company had 7937 employees, including 641 R & D personnel and 2290 technicians.
In addition, the company has set up a joint laboratory for production and research and has two post-doctoral workstations, in cooperation with various high-level institutions in the country, such as the University of South-East Asia and the University of Zhejiang.
Figure 29: Average R & D costs of major Chinese power semiconductor companies and their share of them
At the same time, the company’s manufacturing resources are at the forefront of the country, with a capacity of about 6 inches, with a capacity of about 2.47 million tablets/year, and 8 inches of manufacturing capacity of about 1.33 million tablets/years, with a capacity to provide a full range of customers.
Construction services capacity. As at 30 June 2019, there were 2,428 patent applications in the company and 282 offshore patent applications; the company had been granted a total of 1325 patents, including 1173 domestic patents and 152 offshore patents.
Companies are one of the most comprehensive power-discriminating software manufacturers of domestic product lines. The supply of diversified and high-quality product combinations to customers is one of the core competitiveness of semiconductors. Companies together own more than 1,100 separate device products and 500 separate-ic products.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East overlaps less with mosfet’s applications, and there is little threat from the gbt factory to China’s biodiversity.
In general, mosfet has the advantage of having a good high frequency, which can reach hundreds of khz, upper mhz, and the disadvantage is that the conductive resistance is much more intensive in high voltage voltage, while gbt has excellent performance in low-frequency and high-power settings, with low conductive resistance, high stress, but a hard speed of 100 kz is good. In its application, mosfet is applied to switch power sources, ballasts, high-frequency sensors.
High-frequency power sources such as heating, high-frequency reverse welding machines, communications power sources, etc.: gbt concentrates on welding, inverters, transformers, electroplating power sources, hypersound heating. Both can be seen in the manufacture of photovoltaic power and auto electron, but they are largely functional, with both available and available alternatives, but not much, and the following graph shows the rules used for both.
In terms of the size of the market in China, both growth rates exceed the market size of the power semiconductor, and the mosfet is even higher, and in general is a consistent growth rather than a substitute for each other.
3.3 Merger integration plus improved internal integration to consolidate power semiconductor market leadership is one of the important ways in which future corporate growth can take place. In a company’s core product power semiconductor, companies will integrate technologically superior semiconductor products through M&As to increase the scale of their products to achieve cross-cutting development.
In the case of machine + battery + power applications, which have a strong technical and product programme capability, companies will also actively deploy their products through M&As, networking, industrial controls, and downstream applications with broad development prospects. By doing quick and powerful jobs, they will take advantage of new energy vehicles and new 5g capital spaces in emerging markets. In 2017-2018, through M&As, the company’s power product business was rapidly growing and its operations reached the scale of business.
In February 2021, the company announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Hua Weiwei and Chongqing, had entered into an equity transaction contract to buy Chong Qing Weihua minority shares and further boost the company’s performance. The announcement indicated that China Weiwei was planning to buy 941 million yuan (47.31% of Chong Qing Hua Weiyong’s total stock capital) from Chong Qing Xiyong for $1.443 billion.
Thai technology will win and win in the largest semiconductor acquisition case in China. The semiconductor sector is not the only one in Hua Yunwai, and Thai technology is at the forefront of the global odm (original design and manufacturing) industry.
The country’s only world-class Idm semiconductor company. For Stewardship, the acquisition of the Anse semiconductor can effectively boost cost control, but for Anse semiconductor, with the help of its pre-existing influence in mobile phones, communications, and computers, it can effectively raise the market’s rate of ownership in this area, and, in the light of the trend towards nationalization of chips, the acquisition of Steam semiconductor technology can be more effective in expanding the Chinese market.
East’s financial and intellectual boom of billions of yuan. And, with the acquisition of the Anse semiconductor at the end of 2019, the company’s operating income in the fourth quarter was almost equal to the sum of the previous three quarters, with more operating profits than in the previous three quarters combined; in the first three quarters of 2020, operating income grew by 76.6% and operating profit by 317.1%, a huge leap.
In order to consolidate the company’s leading position in the power semiconductor area, the company will further improve its internal integration capability. On the one hand, by extending construction, improving the company’s management of its operations, reducing the pressure on raw materials supply and operating costs, ensuring technological leadership, and improving the competitiveness of its products. On the other hand, it will supplement the public sector’s short plate of power-enveloping devices and further improve its internal integration.
Accompaniment of inch capacity. Taken together, the expansion of chip outreach and the integration of semiconductor power devices for the containment test, and the installation of advanced semiconductor power devices for the layout of the line of production can further strengthen the company’s skills at the core of the industrial chain, accelerate its development into an international-class semiconductor power.
China Yum (688396): The power semiconductor idm tap, accelerated vertical integration of national production substitution 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposal 1. Industry growth is not as high as expected.
The industry in which the company operates is the power semiconductor industry, benefiting from the construction of new energy vehicles and new 5g infrastructure, and will grow faster in the future, pushing the power semiconductor enterprise fast. In the future, there is a risk that the company will slow growth if the industry slows down.
The company is actively expanding its production through ipo and targeted fund-raising, with construction progress below expectations, equipment purchases below expectations leading to lower-than-expected risks of expansion of production capacity, which in turn affects the growth of the company’s income and profits.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Hua Yum (688396): power semiconductor Idm tap, accelerated vertical integration of national production in place of Chen Woo-chul
Master of Finance, University of Shandong, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Central and Guang Nuclear Group, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.