In the field of consumption, where consumption is strong and diversity widens, Yunnan White (000538.sz) - Yunnan White (000538).
Mongyoshi's performance was strongly influenced by equity investment, with non-net profits returning to the growth firm's revenue growth of 10.38% in 2020 and steady growth for many years. The company achieved a net return profit in 2020.
The company’s net profit from non-repatriation, after a brief fall in 2019, returns to growth in 2020. Quicken the brand’s niche, and the toothpaste market continues to rise until the end of 2020.
The share of flat income in corporate income was 16.45 per cent, while the net profit from repatriation was 34.34 per cent.The market share in Yunnan Pharmacy Toothpaste continued to be the highest in the country, reaching 22.2 per cent by the end of 2020, with a further increase in the share of municipalities.
The company plans to maintain a future in the areas of skin testing, plant safety protection, precision solutions, etc.
Investment suggests that we look at the future prospects of companies. First, we look at the potential of companies to increase the volume of their daily products.
Mass eliminations are needed, price increases are anti-inflationary. Popular elimination consumption upgrades are essentially the “Mathel effect” of powerful brands, with higher or more advertising potential to increase the market’s presence. Secondly, we look at the prospects for corporate diversification.
New growth is expected in the field of osteoporosis and medical beauty. We predict a relatively deep 300-percent pattern, i.e., corporate performance is strongly influenced by equity investments and net profits are back on track.
Corporate income grew robustly, and the growth in daily income recovered somewhat. Corporate income grew by 10.38% in 2020, with successive multi-year coverage of billions of yuan. The difference is greater because of the non-recurring returns from corporate investment in equities.
The company’s fast-motivating brand is strong, and the toothpaste market continues to rise. Yunnan White Pharmacy Group, a fully-owned subsidiary of Yunnan White Pharmacy Group Health Products Ltd., operates the production and sale of oral cleaning products. The company’s earnings and profits represent the result of solar panels, including toothpaste.
By the end of 2020, the share of solar panels in corporate income was 16.45%, while the net profit on homecomings was 34.34%. Yunnan’s share in the white paste market continued to be the country’s highest, with 22.2% of market access at the end of 2020, with a further increase in the market share.
Figure 3: Revenues and profits from Yunnan Health Products and their share of the company The matrix of products has evolved in a horizontal manner around the main line of health care. From a single bottle of dissipants, to groups of products covering a wide range of products such as medicaments, chemicals, medical devices, health-care products, Chinese nutrient products, etc., the company ' s products have been achieved.
Sterilization, cross-borderization of industries, and diversification of consumption. While building on the roots of the branding of toothpaste products, the company expands the oral care product, which is represented by mouthwash, and gradually completes the development of a powerful brand from toothpaste to oral care: washing of the products, based on the completion of brand combing and adaptation, has produced a large-scale ice-breaker; and skin-based products are in the process of being branded.
Positioning the steady growth of the “Providing Consumer Customized Skin Solutions and Care Programs” with the dual innovation and exploration of product and marketing models. (iii) Sustained diversification in areas such as layout equipment and medical beauty
The company, by increasing its capital and granting a share in it, acquired 70% of its equity in the Osteoporium Machines, and continued to expand its current business in the short term, while integrating with the company's instrumentation plate to cover the research, production, and marketing of the instrumentation project. The osteoporosis track is a high and growing market with diagnostics.
Realistic factors such as the degradation of mid-to-old people’s joints, motor injuries, and the wide gap in the penetration rate of Chinese-American joint surgery, which has become increasingly visible in our ageing society, have created a certain growth space for bone equipment. While most of the bone equipment in the country’s high-end market is currently occupied by foreign brands, it has been accompanied by health-care policies.
The company plans to continue to make a breakthrough in the future in the areas of ai-skin testing, whole plant safety skin protection, and precision solutions. Medical beauty has both medical and consumer attributes, and in recent years it has been able to develop a new growth strategy in the field of medicine.
The country has been growing at a high rate. According to public data, the penetration rate in the health sector has reached 12.6% in the United States and 11.6% in Brazil, while in China it currently stands at less than 2%, and the country still has more than five times as much room for development as in the mature countries.
We look forward to the future of the company. First, we look at the potential of the company to increase the volume of its daily products. Companies run popular digestive products that are dominated by solar products, such as toothpaste, which are needed to raise prices against inflation.
Second, we look forward to the development of corporate pluralism. The company’s medium- and long-term strategic orthopaedic instruments and the field of medicine are expected to forge a commitment to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, reflecting clearly and accurately its research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Meng Yung Wei: Doctor of Biomedicine, Beijing University. Specially qualified, while doing research and development work on innovative medicines, deep involvement in pre-clinical research and clinical declarations on innovative medicines, familiarization with the industrial chain of innovative drug research and development and innovation services, and understanding of changes in the landscape and industrial chain of the pharmaceutical industry. Joined the China Galaxy Securities in 2018. Liu Xing: Master of Western Economics, Beijing University Hong Kong Business School, Bachelor of Life Sciences College. Joined the Chinese Galaxy Securities in 2018.