The U.S.U. (002049.sz) increased revenue by 33 per cent in 2022, issuing a share buy-back program, Shinko Halfconductor.
100 million yuan (Yoy33.28 per cent), net profit for maternity, 2,632 million yuan (Yoy34.71 per cent), net profit for non-mother huhui2@guosen.com.cn net profit for maternity, 591 million yuan (Yoy19 per cent, qoq-30 per cent), net profit for non-mother, 507 million yuan (Yoy)
Rates for other periods, such as the rates, the financial rates, have been reduced. Special integrated circuit products have entered the main 0919 passenger aircraft supply chain, and many new products are on track.
Special integrated circuit products cover a wide range of products such as microprocessors, fpga, storage, networks and interfaces, analogue devices, asic/sopc, and more than 500 varieties, while asic/soc design development service and a national production system chip-level solution are available to users and have entered the C919 large passenger aircraft supply chain.
In 2022, the business generated $4.725 billion (Yoy 40%), or 66%, and a Māori rate of 73.92% (-3.3pct), of which fpga and storage revenue were relatively large. The company’s multiplicity of new products, including a new generation of fpga products, new ones, high performance bus products, a new generation of system-grade chips, high-speed adc, etc., is well under way.
In 2022, smart security chip rates rose by 15 pct and the share of overseas income increased. Corporate intelligence security was the highest/lowest price of 52 weeks, and chip products included intelligence represented by sim card chips, bank ic chip, social security chip chips, etc.
2477.41 million card safety chips and smart terminal security chips, which are represented by, for example, the usb-key chip, the posse security chip and the non-contact reader chip, which can also be used for communication, finance, industry, automobiles, object networking, etc.
Multi-sector clients provide innovative end-products and solutions based on a safety chip, and in 2022 they launched a national front-line 5gesim product that supports a two-model network. In 2022, the business generated $2.08 billion (youy staff stability in key jobs is above 95%, and repurchases are used for equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
According to the announcement of 30 March, the company intends to use its own funds to repurchase its shares in the form of a centralized competitive transaction for equity incentives or employee holding schemes.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and growth rates, Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits, Figure 5: Single-season revenues and growth rates of companies
Figure 6: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 7: Māori rate of the company, changes in net interest rate, Figure 8: Main rates of the company
Figure 9: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates, Figure 10: Quarterly rates for companies The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author