2022: Re-innovation of income profits, technological breakthroughs led to deep-cultivated integrated circuits on 30 March 2023, a major supplier of special integrated domestic circuits.
Combining Integrated Circuits, with special integrated circuits, smart security chips as the two main industries, while laying out the stone-eating crystals frequency devices and semiconductor power devices, the company is deeply engaged in integrated circuit design for more than 20 years, with a competitive advantage of systematization, and the company is an important provider of specialized integrated circuits in the country.
In 2022, the semiconductor industry slowed down, the external environment faced profound changes, and companies overcome multiple disadvantages such as supply chains.
Or is the decline in the Māori rate for special integrated circuits, resulting in a decrease in net interest rates (27.52%, 4.66 pcts), mainly due to a higher increase in research and development costs for q4 ($454 million, +75.81%).
Billion yuan, +36.17%, Māori rate (73.92%, 3.28 pcts). Thanks mainly to the rapid growth in demand for special integrated circuits, the volume of company orders and shipments has continued to grow, while at the same time providing for the production process, supply of Xindu Air Securities Ltd.
Mid-2022: Improved chain management of new special integrated circuits has led to a marked improvement in the company ' s supply capacity and client responsiveness. Noteworthy is the Māori ratio of plate business 22h2 (70.60%, same ratio - 6.90%, ring ratio - 8.04pcts)
The decline is faster, and we believe that the number of new entrants, mainly in the country’s special integrated circuits, has begun to rise, with a certain amount of competitive price reductions. But the firm’s position and the strength of R & D are strong, and as new products continue to burst, it is expected to support its profitability.
High-performance products are on track and are about to be developed; 2 special storage units: new development features, nand flash, new storage, etc., are about to be launched; 3 high-performance bus: new products are in the roll-out phase, various interface products are being updated and the city continues to lead; 4 special-sopc platform products:
Three- and four-generation products have also been developed and are beginning to be replicated; microchips such as 5mcu, imageai smart chips, dsp, etc.: relevant products are also about to be developed, providing new specialized processor products; 5 analogue products: comprehensive secondary power solutions are available to users, with a rapidly expanding market share
Large. High-speed radio frequency adc, new isolation chips, etc., are expected to become a new product series for the company in the future.2 Smart security chip business: 2022, plate income ($20.8 billion, +24.99%); steady growth, with companies expanding continuously in a number of areas, including finance, telecommunications, identification, and material networking
For a significant increase in the company ' s Māori rate, we believe that it is an improvement in the quality of the company ' s operations, on the one hand, and a greater share of the revenue (637 million yuan, +90.35 per cent) from the offshore market, which has a high Māori rate, on the other hand, as a result of the company ' s increased expansion of its overseas market.
Areas of identification: second-generation residential identity cards and electronic travel documents maintained steady supply; 2 telecommunications cards: managed with a rich product series, active production capacity, tight grip on customers; 3 financial payment security products: the volume of the national bank's ic card chips kept steady.
(c) Industry status; 4 social security cards: increased inputs to increase market share. 5 Financial terminal safety chips: increased demand, combined with supply, to achieve steady progress. 3. Crystalware operations: 2022, income of plate (287 million yuan, + 6.12 per cent;
The performance of the business is steady and robust, as seen in: one crystal operation: gradually increasing the market size of products such as oscillators, high-base frequencies, small sizes, etc., and achieving a steady operating income throughout the year.
Research and design platforms such as the Technical Institute for the Production of Frequency Devices in Hebei Province and the Industrial Design Centre in Hebei Province have been approved.
L; 2-half-conductor powerware operations: sales in the areas of photovoltaic reverses, new energy vehicles, high-power industrial-type power sources have increased rapidly, while sales of finished products have increased significantly. Companies have focused on high pressure, super-strength products, continuously promoting product technology upgrades, and multiepisj platforms have completed gen3 products
Seriesing, the Deeptrechtsj platform achieves 12 inches of stable volume production; third generation semiconductor sic mosfet products move to the market and enter the certification phase. At the same time, companies are actively expanding their upstream and downstream vertical resources, making ground-breaking progress in crystal circle industrial operations.
(c) The increase in the cost of manpower for the company's R & D inputs and in the proportion of cost-effective R & D projects.
In 2022, the company authorized 107 patents (+35.4 per cent); launched a domestic first-line 5gesim product to support a two-mode network; special integrated circuit products entered the C919 passenger air supply chain; and implemented a project entitled “Industrialization of stone-and-pee-studies with 500g communications network equipment per year”
In 2022, the company had the necessary conditions to provide adequate guarantees for product upgrading and research and development of new products. In the case of the balance sheet, the cash flow continued to improve.
More rapidly, mainly as a result of the increase in the size of corporate integrated circuit operations and the increase in strategic supplies for supply chain security, in particular raw materials (458 million yuan, +98.40 per cent), in (457 million yuan, +198.47 per cent) and as the company stores raw materials, in the production of its products, it produces products.
In the case of sales, income from commodity recognition is issued, and future conversion to a profit statement will increase performance. On the cash flow side, cash flows from corporate operations (1.727 billion yuan, +44.78 per cent) continue to improve, mainly as a result of the growth in the size of integrated circuit operations, profits, sales returns and increased operating security.
On March 30, the company announced that it was going to use its own funds to buy back shares for equity incentives or employee holding schemes. Repurchases were not less than 300 million, not more than 600 million, and the repurchase price was not more than 130 dollars per share.
Reflecting the company’s continued interest in its future performance, and the implementation of future equity incentives, it is hoped that this will continue to intensify, the Purple Group will be restructured and its resources will be focused on niche operations. In July 2022, the Smart and Width core will assume 100% of its shares in the Purple Group after the Reorganization.
In conjunction with the work, which facilitates synergies between companies and the corporate sector, there is a marked increase in in-house capacity to guarantee productive capacity; at the same time, the company has adjusted the transferable fund-raising investment from the new high-end safety chip R & D and industrialization project, which is the subject of the original co-source microelectronics, and the vehicle controller chip R & D and industrialization project.
Project for the development and industrialization of the high-speed radio frequency mode converter series and associated clock chip series, the project for the development and industrialization of the new high-performance video processor series and the project for the construction of a joint building for the production of microstudies in Shenzhen.
The investment project focuses on Maori special integrated circuit blocks to further improve the efficiency of fund-raising, optimize resource allocation, and enhance the company’s ability to operate.
Deeply and systematically competitively, we believe that: 1. In a context of autonomous control, the country ' s special chip area is expected to continue to grow at a high rate and at a rapid rate, and that the company is an important supplier of special integrated circuits and is expected to benefit fully;
2. The firm ' s continued high-intensity R & D investment is expected to enrich its product mix and provide a technological breakthrough to lay the foundation for sustainable corporate development; 3. Repurchase of shares by the company for equity incentives or employee ownership to enhance market confidence.
Increased industry competition, lower market share, lower product prices, impact of swings in the production capacity of crystal-crys mills on payments, risk of price fluctuations in upstream raw materials, under-research and development of products, market openings, company 1 operating income and growth rate for almost five years
China Air Stock Corps: Over 20 members of the largest military-industrial research team in the capital market, relying on the strong military-industrial shareholders of the aviation industry group, conduct military-industrial research, service the military-industrial industry, strive for foresight, depth, systems, comprehensive coverage of all areas of the military-industrial industry, service the capital market at the level of the first tier, and interact well with the regulatory, industrial, capital and so on, will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.