The company's evaluation report, "07/04/04/07/04/04/04/04/04.
Downstream demand for special integrated circuit operations is strong, and the continuing product has been consolidated at the top of the pipeline (millions of dollars) Market value in circulation: 73.92 per cent, a decrease of 3.28 per cent from the previous year, mainly influenced by changes in market supply and demand.
The largest share of product earnings is in the special integrated circuits. 1) fpga products. Keeping industry in the vanguard, the new generation of higher-performance products is about to complete their development. 2) Special storage units. Keeping the domestic series in full and technologically advanced lead.
The new high-performance bus product is in the extension phase. 4) Special sopc. Three or four generations of research and development, starting with extension. 5) Simulation area. Single power sources, power modules, and appliance products around the power source.
The company is about to complete its development in the fields of mcu, Imaging Imaging Chips, Digital Signal Processor dsp. (7) New products such as high-speed radio frequency adc, new sort of isolation chips are expected to become new product areas for the company ' s future.
Smart security chip business has grown steadily, and overseas performance has increased the opening of new market spaces The smart security chip business has grown steadily during the reporting period, with smart security chip generating operating income of 2.080 billion, an increase of 24.99 per cent over the same period, 29.21 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 46.49 per cent over the same period.
In the area of identification, documents such as second-generation identity cards and electronic travel documents are supplied in a steady manner; in the case of electronic Sim cards, companies continue to enrich their product lines, and their mobile phone cards support both physical cards and e-sim applications, increasing customer experience.
The Division continues to maintain a stable position in the industry with respect to domestic c-cards; in the case of social security cards, companies increase their input capacity and market share. Financial terminal safety chips are more needed to achieve steady gains.
Strengthening R & D to break through key technologies, raising investments to change the position of a strong special leader 17.55 per cent of business income, an increase of 1.34 per cent over the previous year, mainly for special integrated circuit R & D (678 million) and high-end smart security chip R & D (537 million). Last year, China, a subsidiary, Beijing.
Two projects to raise microelectronics have been converted into projects to raise microelectronics in Shenzhen, “High-speed radio frequency (HF) array chips and associated clock series chip development and industrialization projects”, “New high-performance video processor series chip development and industrialization projects” and “Construction of a joint building for the production of science and technology”
Project, “Continue to deepen special integrated circuit technology, the current fund-raising project is progressing well, simulating chips and ai video processor chips are expected to be new growth points in corporate performance. Equity buybacks highlight confidence that long-term built-in values will continue to improve.
On March 30, the company issued a bulletin on the repurchase of the company’s equity programme by means of a centralized competitive transaction, which determined that the total amount of the repurchase was not less than 300 million yuan and not more than 600 million yuan; the price of this repurchase was no more than 130 yuan/equity. This repurchase will be used for the company’s future implementation of equity incentives or employee ownership.
Stock plans to provide a full demonstration of information about the company ' s future steady and long-term intrinsic value judgements, to enhance investor confidence, to further activate the company and to contribute to steady growth in the company ' s performance. Figure 1: Maintenance of high growth in operating income in 2022
The company’s core competitiveness and profitability will increase as the company’s new series of integrated circuits are rolled out and smart safety chips are opened up. Given the volatility of product prices, we have made the following adjustments to the company’s profitability projections, which are expected to yield net returns in 2023-2025, technology research and development is not as advanced as expected, model production is not as fast as expected, and fund-raising projects are not as advanced as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.