Year 2022: The net profit from the mother's return is 34% higher, looking at the future of the special chip tap, research assistant Xu Mu.
Keyword: #Municipal gain is lower than the historical average of the last 10 years
Building and stabilizing talent will help companies to implement equity incentives and improve incentives as soon as possible. On March 30, 2023, the company announced that it would use its own funds to buy back more than $300 million in corporate shares for equity incentives or employee-holding schemes, and that the incentive programme would help to improve the level of business and work of its employees.
The net profits of the participating companies grew by 758%, actively expanding the area of artificial intelligence.
80%, net profit of $352 million, an increase of 758% from the previous year, and strong market demand and profitability. Companies have made progress in the area of innovative products, and the first generation of sopc products have been well developed, embedded in rich resources such as ip, providing system-level solutions in a variety of fields.
Sopc for artificial intelligence, machine visuals, etc., has also been launched.
One of the first enterprises to work on special integrated circuit R & D design, in terms of R & D capabilities and customer resources, among other things, reports that a significant increase in the M & A rate has created a systemic competitive advantage in modelling. Special integrated circuits have the ability to multiply equipment performance.
The company’s performance is expected to increase further as the 1455 information system progresses.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the company’s dominant position in the country’s special integrated circuits, it is expected that the company’s performance will increase further as a result of the low rate of domestic ownership of R & D and high market demand.
"Swilight country" (002049): Domestic chips designed for taps that continue to benefit from downstream discharges.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board