A steady increase in revenue and a 10 per cent increase in net profits over the same period in the first quarter of 2023
The growth in revenue performance was robust, and the Māori rate increased by the same year. 2023q1 company operating income was 1,541 million yuan, or +14.87 per cent, and the return net profit was 584 million yuan, or +10.03 per cent, resulting in steady growth in the company with a higher revenue and performance base in the prior period, as a result of the company ' s new product.
The new generation of fpga, special storage, mcu, imageai smart chip,
Products such as dsp are about to be developed and rolled out, products such as high-speed radio frequency adc, new isolation chips, etc. are in the promotion phase; in the case of smart safety chips, companies have continued to expand their industrial markets in a number of areas, including finance, telecommunications, identification, and access to the Internet, and the income contribution of overseas markets has been increasing.
On March 30, the company issued an announcement on its " Repurchase of shares in the company by way of a centralized competitive transaction " to buy back shares in the company with its own funds for equity incentives or employee holding schemes, with the return amount not less than RMB 300 million (inclusive), not more than RMB 300 million.
The RMB 600 million (inclusive) and the repurchase price does not exceed RMB 130/share (inclusive). This buyback amply demonstrates the firm's confidence in continued robust future development, as well as its judgement of long-term intrinsic value. Future use of equity incentives or employee ownership will also contribute to the further activation of corporate innovation.
\triangleright \triangleright \c-led companies, where we look at the income contribution of companies through the continuous roll-out of new products,
And in the new field, it's like, "Cinda Security Co., Inc. "Cinda Securetiesco., Ltd.
Mowenwoo, Graduated from Florida University, University of the United States, Master of Electronic Engineering, took office in August 2012-2022 in the Yangtze Securities Research Group, then joined the Sunda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022.
Consumer electronics, car electronics, etc. B. Research is directed towards semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs. Components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.