Incident: 30 October 2024, company published a three-monthly report for 2024. \triangleright multi-crystal silicon: 24q3 multi-crystal silicon cash cost drops. 24q3 partially multi-crystal cash cost
The silicon production region (Yunnan, Sichuan) is entering a water-rich period, with a drop in the price of the electric ring and a drop in the price of the industrial silicon, reducing the cash cost of the company ' s multi-crystal silicon. Currently, the multi-crysil silicon industry is under pressure, and the output and start-up rates of the industry have declined. According to Smm, in August and September, China produced approximately 130,000 tons of silicone per month, compared to the previous period, in excess of 180,000 tons.
The height of Deng Young-kang has dropped significantly, new production capacity in the industry has been slowed down, shutdowns have increased, some of the production capacity or face is lagging, and the industry is expected to clear faster. The company is now generating more than 650,000 tons of high-silicon capacity.
The 200,000-ton project is expected to be operational by the end of the year, when multi-crystal silicon capacity will exceed 850,000 tons, and the company expects high-purity silicon capacity to reach 800,000 to 1 million tons in 24-26 years in Juba; in addition, the company announced in August 24 that it would receive it.
The purchase of no less than 51 percent of Yuyang’s shares, with 130,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon, helped Wang to further increase the company’s silicon market share.
Battery: Type N products have significant advantages, and production capacity continues to expand. The company currently produces about 38gwperc capacity \triangleright \triangleright
Full remodelled, with a monthly production ratio of more than 80 per cent for tnc batteries; in addition, 2024h1, the company ' s capacity to produce 16gwtnc batteries became operational and the dual flow of 25gwtnc capacity is expected to become fully operational by the end of the year, when the company ' s capacity to produce tnc batteries will exceed 100gw; the company expects that the battery capacity will reach 24-26 years
Technological route R & D. By the end of 2024h1, new totopcon, hjt, 1. Tonway shares (600438.sh) were in operation at the semi-annual 2024 reporting points xbc, thorium batteries and test wires in components.
Assessment: Performance phase pressure, acquisition of Yuyang to improve the industrial chain and overseas channel layout, new development of key markets such as South Africa and the United Arab Emirates; after acquisition of Yunyang shares to land, one quarter evaluation: Performance phase pressure, silicon
The benefits of co-opting Yuyang’s production performance in parts of the U.S., Thailand, Vietnam, etc., help companies to supplement their cost advantages by increasing global integrated competitiveness by filling the integrated production capacity profile abroad with a significant 2024/04/30.
Silicon cost advantages are significant, N-type integrated production capacity is stable: output volumes are steadily increasing, plus-code integrated output is strong Battery products have significant advantages, component operations are expected to develop rapidly, and “recommended” ratings are maintained.
Quarterly reviews: 22 years of high performance, entry components plus methodological and analytical logic, resulting in findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.