Resembling Medicines (600196) Pharmaceutical Organisms sisram to meet new opportunities for development, and research and development is about to enter the harvest period of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The company announced that the controlling subsidiary sisram had submitted a listing application to Hong Kong.                                                   .
For $6.71 million, $8.59 million (+28 per cent) and $8.5 million (-1 per cent), respectively. The core business of sisram is its controlling subsidiary, almalasers, which achieved operating income of $790 million (+14 per cent) and net profit of $100 million (+1 per cent) in 2016.
It helps to broaden the financing of sisram, speed up the integration of resources, and accelerate the expansion of product research and development. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The latest data from the Zuma-31/2 clinical trial were published. Its car-ttherapy kte-c19 had a very good therapeutic effect in the treatment of acute lymphatic leukaemia (r/rull) that was re-emerging/resistible, with a total mitigation rate of 73%. Eleven patients were treated in two different doses.
No dose-restricted toxicity (dlt), both. Of the 11 patients, 27% suffered from severe cyto-release syndrome and 55% from severe nervous system diseases, but no deaths occurred. As international research and development progressed, the joint venture with kite recommenced Kate.
High-intensity R & D investment, with innovative products gradually entering the harvest period. In terms of input, R & D invested 960 million dollars in pharmaceutical plate R & D in 2016, an increase of 38% compared to the corresponding increase of more than 9% in the operating income of the drug plate.
In terms of inputs, companies capture the cutting edge of the global pharmaceutical industry, such as building a leading national research and development platform for bio-like drugs, working with the global cyto-immunist pioneer kite to develop an industrial platform for immunotherapy. In terms of research and development output, there are 173 research projects and 6 declarations.
Clinical, 22 clinical and 42 declared listings, which guarantee continued growth. Noteworthy is the company ' s ability to resist research and development alone, which is leading the country, six of which are entering the clinical phase, and its medium-pound re-assembly mouse re-assembly of cd20 and re-organisation of her2 human-source control units.
In the bed iii period, it is expected to be first approved for the market, and the ambulatory medicine (600196): equipment integration continues to progress, or is less advanced than expected.
2. Anti-Starry Medicines (600196): Explicit + Inner Building Integrated Medicines Group, high-intensity R & D guarantees sustainable growth (2017-04-05)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.