Respiratory medicine (600196) pharmaceutical biology outreach + built-in integrated pharmaceutical groups high-intensity R & D guarantees sustainable growth.
South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) incident: company announcements stating that no more than $7 billion in bonds will be publicly released for a period not exceeding seven years to supplement the company ' s operating funds and service its debt.
Through this bond issue, the Department will be able to obtain liquidity and reduce the cost of financing, optimize the capital structure, and provide sufficient cash for companies to grow from extended M & As over the long term.
A long-term development strategy that extends and expands the scope of business + endogenous management. The company selects the potential and size of the company around drugs, medical devices, medical services, and buys them, thereby rapidly expanding the product line.
The integration of R & D, production, marketing and services, and the upgrading of in-house operations and management capacity, continues to sustain rapid growth, with revenues growing at 15.07% after graduation and high intensity of R & D inputs, respectively, and innovation products gradually entering the harvest period.
In terms of investment, in 2016, R & D investments (including 960 million portfolio R & D investments, an increase of 38% compared to the corresponding increase of 38%, representing more than 9% of the operating income of the drug plate, far above the average in the pharmaceutical industry. In terms of input projects, companies capture the cutting edge of the global pharmaceutical industry.
For example, a leading national research and development platform for biologically similar medicines has been developed, working with the global cytology pioneer kite to develop an industrial platform for immunotherapy. In terms of research and development output, there are 173 research projects, 6 clinical declarations, 22 clinical presentations, and 42 declarations on the market, which guarantee continued growth in subsequent performance.
The idea is that companies with a strong resistance to R & D are in the lead in the country, with six of them entering the clinical stage, and that the mid-pound breed recombinant rat is embedded in the cd20 resistance and recombinant her 2-man supply resistance has entered the clinical iii phase and is expected to be approved in the first place.
Sustained growth is expected to result in a significant increase in performance after a large number of pounds of products have been marketed, and we have covered for the first time, giving Novo any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.