National gold foliage medicine (600196.sh) Acquisition of cml surplus shares and acceleration of innovative-driven medical devices
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Re-Star Medicines Full-Governance Company Ltd. proposes to transfer 30 per cent of Chindex medicalholds (bvi) shareholdings held by Chindexmedicallimited in RMB 263,589,343.
When the deal is completed, the ambulatory medicine will together hold 100% of the cml. Billions, the owner of the parent company will have an interest of RMB 1,035 million and the total liability is RMB 1.
With cml as the platform, accelerates the development of medical equipment operations. cml is the leading provider of medical equipment.
2. The re-Star medicine warningetter review: the core areas of overall dermatology, oncology, dental, respiratory, etc., and plans to expand the business strategy to new sleepbed areas. Currently, companies are the sole agent of products of large multinational corporations, including those of large multinational corporations.
3. The establishment of a joint venture for kite to enter into the da Vinci surgical robotic system for cellular therapy; the rio osteoporosis navigation system for makosurgical; and the ceretom and bodytom mobile ct systems for neurologica;
4. Establishment of a joint venture with intuitive, deep strapped-reply blood flow instruments in transonic techniques; Galil cryogenic cold surgery system; xoft radiation equipment in tsotiles; Star Pharmaceuticals Illustration Review, 2016.9.30.
Endochoice's full-scope rectal lens; Sensushealthcare subsurface x-ray radiotherapy; Integrated Medical Group: perfect layout, profit-based quality; Candela beauty laser system; caci facial beauty system; cocoon refrigerated fat solution equipment;
I-Search Medicines. 2016.8.24 Pharmacies; and dental devices, planting systems and related ancillary products produced by Bego, 3shape, vertex-dental, dmg, Hu-friedy and ultradent, respectively; Shanghai under the company flag, etc.
Blood Transfusion Technology Ltd., a company that specializes in the development, production and distribution of blood-related waste equipment. Its products cover blood bags, blood transfusions, slurry devices, white cell equipment, and sales to China and around the world.
Producers and exporters of surgical knives and medical sutures (absorbent and non-absorbent).
Medical devices are concentrated on five lines, forming a core business block driven by innovation.
Five innovations that focus on robotics, laser beauty, respirators, molecular diagnostics, oral dental materials.
In China, research and development ensures long-term innovation drivers.  Respirators: controlling Europe’s high-quality and high-performance respirators breas, products involved in the respirator market innovation and market expansion. In 2016, the company also completed its respiratory disease detection company in Silicon Valley.
Spirosure's c-round investment to further expand the layout of medical instrument products and develop respiratory testing treatments  oral dental materials: a collaborative approach to digital dental follow-up to high-end dental technology worldwide, expansion of dental channels and dental 3d printing operations.
▪ Reaffirm our recommended logic: the constant profit/loss ratio of the re-star medicine is increasing, and the ratio of drugs and devices in the recurrent gain/loss is increasing; the investment in R & D is increasing substantially year by year, with a view to valuing the re-engineering; the R & D and medical services are entering the harvest period after many years of investment; companies are buying through M & As
The gland, a joint venture with kite, and so on, turns over and enters the first echelons of agent exports and cell therapy. Overall, restarry is an innovatively driven, integrated medical group, with a high market position and a further opening of space.
Without taking the gland list into account, we expect that the net return profits of the company in 17-19 will be analysed separately for the relevant report rating ratios in the market, and then the average is calculated to arrive at the final rating as the average market investment.
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.