The development of a comprehensive pharmaceutical group, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, continues.
• Events: The company issued a public announcement that Hong Kong, a wholly-owned subsidiary, would be pleased to receive 30% of the capital Limited (cml) in the amount of $260 million. The medical equipment business is moving forward.
The 30% share in the acquisition of cml is part of the company’s involvement in the US-China mutually beneficial privatization program (the US-China mutual benefit was completed in 2014). In 2016, the cml achieved income of $1.92 billion and net return on the mother, by $140 million, and the 30% share in the acquisition of cml was equivalent to an additional net profit of approximately $42 million, compared to the company.
In 2016, the net profit of $2.8 billion could increase by 1.5%. Cml is dominated by medical equipment agents, whose products involve surgical robots, surgery, images, etc. Cml is also the company’s main instrument agency platform, which may further accelerate the development of the in-house and outreach of medical equipment operations in the future through cmo.
• High-intensity R & D inputs, with innovative products gradually entering the harvest period. Companies attach great importance to R & D inputs, building the core drivers of future performance growth by sustaining innovation. In terms of input strength, R & D inputs in 2016 (including 960 million dollars in portfolio R & D, an increase of 38 per cent in comparison with the corresponding increase of more than 9 per cent in the operating income of the drug plate), are more than 9 per cent.
In terms of inputs, companies capture the cutting edge of the global pharmaceutical industry, such as building a leading national research and development platform for bio-like drugs, working with the global cyto-immunist pioneer kite to develop an industrial platform for immunotherapy. In terms of research and development output, there are 173 research projects and 6 declarations.
Clinical, 22 clinical and 42 declared listings, which guarantee continued growth. Noteworthy is the company ' s ability to resist research and development alone, which is leading the country, six of which are entering the clinical phase, and its medium-pound re-assembly mouse re-assembly of cd20 and re-organisation of her2 human-source control units.
Inner + outreach to build a comprehensive pharmaceutical group. The company chooses the potential and size of the company to buy and buy the product line quickly. After the acquisition is completed, the company has to deal with the equipment.
Business R & D, production, marketing, and services are integrated. Profitability and scale-up are continuously enhanced through in-house operations and management capacity. Especially considering that corporate M & As continued to grow rapidly in the period 2015-2016, revenues increased by 15.07% after graduation from the statement of contribution.
16.15 per cent, with a strong endogenous growth dynamic, can be seen in a marked improvement in the efficiency of internal business management. 1. Anti-star medicine (600196): outreach + inner-born integrated medicine groups, with high-intensity R & D guaranteeing sustainability.
Growth (2017-04-05) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.