Restar medicine (600196.sh) Over-expected income, innovation-driven multi-medical group long-distance, re-star medicine announcement $3.880 billion in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 20.29 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother
738 million lubricant, an increase of 16.32 per cent over the same period; 518 million net non-repatriate profits, an increase of 20.05 per cent over the same year; and 402 million net operating cash flows, an increase of 4.78 per cent over the same period. With respect to non-current gains and losses, losses and losses on the disposal of non-current assets, $215 million, and government subsidies, $6.67 million.
▪ Revenues are slightly higher than expected, profits are better than expected, and, due to seasonal factors, the year-on-year increase in sales costs is 34.99 per cent, and we believe that future profits are expected to improve on a quarterly basis.
And so on, achieving a high rate of income growth and a higher share, leading to a two-fold increase in the overall pharmaceutical portfolio, which is projected to increase by more than 20% over the same period. One quarter of this increase in R & D costs of $198 million, compared to the same increase in R & D costs.
Device plate: Operational robotics, laser beauty, respirators, molecular diagnostics, dental materials 2.
The quality and channels of the show are accelerating the rise; a joint venture with Inuitive has been set up to speed up da Vinci's robotic pitch 3.
4. Establishment of a joint venture with kite, the strategic layout of the medical service operations of cytology hospitals, the creation of regional health centres and large-scale health products.
5. The establishment of a joint venture with intuitive, with deep binding - repurchase size effects and group integration, in partnership with large local state-owned enterprises, public hospitals and university-based hospitals, is expected to generate more profits than revenues in 17 years.
gland Mergers and Purchases: approved by the Retrostar Medical Shareholders Conference, filed by the Ministry of Commerce of China, filed by the China Development and Reform Commission, approved by the United States Antimonopoly Survey and approved by the Indian Antimonopoly Survey, approved by India for the completion of the transaction in March 2017, India is still required to complete the transaction.
After consultation, the date of termination of the transaction was extended to 27 July 2017.