On August 28, 2025, the Qin Railway released its semi-annual report for 2025.
The company achieved business income of $37.290 billion, an increase of 1.9 per cent in the same year; net return profits were realized; coal deliveries fell and net return profits fell in the same year.
Income grew by 1.9 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of increased passenger traffic and increased revenue from the provision of services; Net profit from corporate repatriation fell by 29.8 per cent over the year, mainly due to lower delivery from companies.
The reason for the decline in corporate coal delivery is: (1) weak demand for coal. Domestic economic recovery, structural adjustment, combined with the impact of new energy shocks, such as wind and light, fire.
The same-year growth in electricity was negative, with a 2.4% decline in the same-year electricity generation of 1h2025, and (2) a concentration constraint on transport. Coal imports, while falling, were generally high, with high coal yields and stocks, curbing rail coal transport.
The Māori rate fell in the same year and the cost fell in the same year. The Māori rate achieved by the company in 2025 increased by 1.921 million tons of non-coal goods and freight service charges. In terms of the cost rate, the cost for the company period in 1H2025 was 0.49 per cent, a decrease of 0.63 pct, of which sales were made.
In July, the Qin line completed the shipment of 22,52 million tons, a 1.2% decrease in the same year; in July, 31,79 million tons were transported, an increase of 5.4% in the same year, and we looked forward to a positive change in the volume of goods in the second half of the year.
The supply and demand are weak, and the price of coal is now being raised under the anti-brief policy, with coal enterprises or opting to increase production to guarantee annual profits, and the volume of Qin line goods is expected to grow at a positive rate throughout the year.
Coal-source policy risks, the risk of diversion of core road products, the risk of imported coal shocks, the need for coal less than expected, and the expected increase in rail traffic.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of ratings of related reports in the market