Qin Railways (601006.sh) reported semi-annual evaluation of 2025: Increased cost of surging coal demand, 25h1 performance pressure event: company annual report for 2025.
In 25h1, coal delivery was equal to -10.29 per cent and coal transport demand was covered. 1) In freight operations: 25h1 generated 26.686 billion yuan, corresponding to -1.71 per cent, representing 70.92 per cent of the income of the main business; in terms of delivery, the company completed the delivery of 328 million tons of goods in the first half of the year, corresponding to the same amount
-3.21 per cent, of which 262 million tons were delivered by coal, corresponding to 10.29 per cent, and 80.01 per cent were delivered by coal; the coal sender was pressured by shocks such as new energy sources, with 25H1 electric power generation equal to -2.4 per cent, and its second was affected by weak real estate and infrastructure, with 25h1 steel and cement production, respectively, being equal to that of cement.
- 3.0 per cent and -4.3 per cent of the demand for coal, three of which are affected by a “weak supply and demand” that discourages coal transport. 2) Passenger operations: 25h1 earns $5.037 billion, compared with 2.55 per cent, passenger traffic on the Qin route has improved marginally, and non-coal transport and logistics support services have resulted in higher costs.
\triangleright On the one hand, the company's core assets, the Qin Line, have completed shipments of 189 million tons, compared to 2.17% and monthly, respectively, +5.29% and +5.40% respectively for June and July.
On the other hand, based on long-term development strategy considerations, companies have increased non-coal freight transport, with an increase of 1.921 million tons in 25h1 non-coal cargo delivery, freight service charges equal to +37.69 per cent, and a new logistics support service (door-to-door, stop-to-door) is still in place.
The profit flow phase, combined, has led to a significant increase in costs, with 25h1 operating costs equal to +10.79 per cent. West Coal’s core assets, operating sound cash prices.
Less than 55 per cent of the total net profit returned to the mother in the year, with medium-term profit distribution where available, with a strong red-dimension policy.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., $ 1,009 million, an increase of 0.15 per cent, 11.16 per cent, and 7.41 per cent, respectively.
In Beijing, the company's business leader, the company's solid operating capacity and significant dividends, maintained its “uptake” rating.
Risk factors: Unexpected demand for coal as a result of macroeconomic fluctuations, less than expected growth in road traffic by major railways for coal transport, less than expected cash-sharing, major areas of transport such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, served as external review members in various provinces
This year, I joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc., and in the courier, logistics, road, etc. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.