Qin Railways, 2501 p.m., peak summer, and the return of coal prices to transport. Recently, the Qin Railway announced 2024. Gross operating income for the reporting period was 74.627 billion, or 7.89 per cent less; net profit for mothers was 9,039 million, or 24.23 per cent less; net profit for non-returns to mothers was deducted.
In the case of the distribution policy, the company intends to allocate approximately RMB 5.18 billion in gold dividends over 24 years and a full-year share tax; if the value of the daily shares a is disclosed in the annual report, the accumulated dividends of the two dividends are estimated at 4.2 per cent, the company is a comprehensive rail transport enterprise dominated by the movement of goods.
710 million tons were delivered, or 13.7 per cent of the country ' s total rail freight delivery of 5,170 million tons, of which the total market value/flow (millions of yuan) was 590 million tons, or 20.9 per cent of the country ' s rail coal delivery; hence, the supply and demand situation in the coal market
The highest/minimum price within 12 months is higher in relation to the company's operations. 24 years of complete delivery of goods by the company, a decrease of -2.7 per cent over the same period; of this, the core operating assets are large
The main reasons for the decline in coal distribution are: the limitation of upstream sources, the import of coal shocks, and changes in the energy structure of the country. For the long term, the company has been involved in the company’s long-term configuration, with the company’s share in the company’s share of the Yellow Company and the Hoji Railway.
In recent years, cyclical fluctuations in demand for coal have led to inevitable fluctuations in demand for rail transport. For example, at the end of July, companies transported more than 1 million tons of coal per day.
(a) Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of dependence on major clients; risk of business operations;
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.