South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219.sh) Metal Materials Group Aluminium Oxide plate performance has increased significantly, and the advantages of overseas layouts have been highlighted
1. South Mountain Aluminium Industry: Aluminium Oxide Production for Growth in Performance, Sea, Australasia Aluminium Oxide averaged $433.59 per tonne, Ring + 18.98 per cent, Extension of the Aluminium Oxide Out-Industry Chain in Indonesia, 2024.4.29
2. South Mountain Aluminium Corporation: Enhancing Shareholders ' Return, Showing Development Confidence, growth. 1h24 Indonesia’s subsidiary achieved a net profit of 1,281 million yuan, i.e. +164 per cent.
3. " Nansan Aluminium Industries " : Downfall driver, O3 performance growth, overseas industry, $3.5 billion, +42 per cent, Māori 39 per cent, sustained improvement in cash flows, cash transfers to shareholders. Company q2 net operating activity
Gold flows to 1,499 million yuan, the ring +29.53%, and the company’s cash flow has improved continuously since last quarter. The company has issued a three-year bonus programme, which plans to distribute profits in cash for each year of 2024-2026 at least 40% of the distributed profits achieved in that year.
In order to further increase the value of the Indonesian bauxite mineral plus, the company intends to produce a further 1 million tons of aluminium oxide per year in the Indonesian industrial park.
A two-phase expansion of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide and other associated public support facilities, with an investment in tons of electrolytic aluminium production capacity, will not only satisfy the demand for electrolytic aluminium production, improve the layout of the company's chain of aluminium industry abroad, but also increase the value added of minerals.
At the same time, the size of the company’s revenue collection and profitability will be further enhanced to enhance its competitiveness in the international market. Product prices have fallen sharply; aluminium oxide and motor panel energy are not released as expected; and production is expected.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: