In the semi-annual evaluation: Aluminium Oxide Prices Uplifting Company Research Assistant Xu Yida 24h1 Aluminium Oxide Prices Further Increases, Indonesian Aluminium Oxide Performances: 1) Volume: Company Indonesia
2 million tonnes Aluminium Oxide Project is in full production, and we expect 24h1 to produce no less than 1 million tonnes of Aluminium Oxide in Indonesia; 2) Prices: A shortage of bauxite from domestic smelters, based on the explosion of the Guinean oil reservoir at the beginning of the year and the combined environmental and safety impact of our environment, as well as some overseas aluminium oxide production capacity
About US$/tonne, +14%; with the monthly rise in overseas aluminium oxide, we measured a profit of more than US$ 1300/t of Indonesian aluminum oxide in 24q2.
• The company’s future business growth point: 1) The company’s automobile board business has a pre-emptive advantage and is expected to generate 200,000 tons of additional capacity in 24 years. The company is the only company with a stock that can produce bulk-scale car externals and interiors, benefiting fully from the rapid growth in motor board demand (China’s motor board market demand is projected).
South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219). Upstream, industrial chains, high-end aluminium processing, second-growth, 25%. The company now owns 200,000 tons of motor panels, and we expect 200,000 more.
Aluminium growth curves are clear for aviation. The company is the only airboard company in the country to supply both Boeing, Airfarers, China Commercial Air and China Air Industries: the company now owns 50,000 tons of airboard capacity, and it is expected that as the order for c919, the company ' s airboard capacity will not be utilized.
As of 30 June 2024, the company was accelerating its construction of 2 million tons of aluminium oxide and 250,000 tons of additional capacity for electrolytic aluminium in Indonesia, and we estimated that the project would be ready for production in 2026 and that it would enter into one.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we continue to look at the profitability of the company’s Aluminium Oxide project in Indonesia, and the continued use of high-end aluminium processing, such as automobile boards, airboards, and so on, and we go up 2024-
Tens of thousands of tons of productive capacity are not as fast as expected; the United States dollar continues to be at high risk. The three major financial forecasting tables for the South Mountain aluminium industry, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.