Tigermed (300347 CH)
Core business growth remains solid
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB147.43
3Q22 earnings in line. Tigermed reported 3Q22 revenue of RMB1,812mn, up
(Previous TP
RMB175.15)
35% YoY, attributable net income of RMB413mn, down 22% YoY, and
Up/Downside
86.5%
attributable recurring net income of RMB421mn, up 29% YoY. Excluding COVID-
Current Price
RMB79.06
19 revenue, we estimate 3Q22 revenue increased by c.42% YoY. The declining
China Healthcare
attributable net income in 3Q22 was mainly attributable to the fair value losses of
RMB11mn, compared with fair value gains of RMB211mn in 3Q21. Gross profit
Jill WU, CFA
margin (GPM) continuously improved to 40.9% in 3Q22 from 38.8% in 1Q22 and
40.6% in 2Q22, thanks to the shrinking size of the low-margin COVID-19 related
revenue (due to pass-through revenue to sub-contractors in overseas markets)
Benchen HUANG, CFA
as well as the growth of US$-denominated services, such as data management
and statistical analysis (DMSA) and laboratory services provided by Frontage,
which benefited from US$ appreciation in 3Q22. Non-COVID-19 related new
Stock Data
orders increased by c.35%/30% YoY in 9M22/3Q22, respectively, indicating
sustainable growth of core business.
Consistently focus on high-margin business. Management has prioritized
the expansion of high-margin businesses, including clinical trials operation,
Source: FactSet
DMSA and some emerging services while takes a relatively conservative
Shareholding Structure
strategy on the SMO business given its low profitability nature. According to
management, the Company has further increased its market share in China
clinical CRO market for innovative drugs to c.20% in 3Q22, which
represented the Company's strong competency and high customer
Share Performance
recognition. DMSA successfully sealed a strategic cooperation deal with a
global Top10 pharma in the past quarter. Additionally, Tigermed has adopted
a proactive hiring strategy and allocated more human resources to high
margin business in 3Q22. We think the strategic change is critical and
Source: FactSet
necessary for Tigermed to further enhance its leading position for its core
12-mth Price Performance
business given the intensifying competition in China market in recent years.
Globalization on track. Tigermed has built local BD teams to explore
business opportunities in Europe and the US. The Company has participated
in large-scale Phase III multi-regional clinical trials (MRCT) in multiple middle
and western European countries. The Company also took full advantages of
its experiences in COVID-19 vaccine projects of Chinese clients to expand
business opportunities in developing countries, including Indonesia, Brazil,
Source: FactSet
Chile and Pakistan. These developing countries could be potential markets
for Chinese drug makers, which will create additional demand for Tigermed's
clinical CRO services.
Maintain BUY. We revise our TP from RMB175.15 to RMB147.43, based on
a 10-year DCF model (WACC: 10.21%, terminal growth rate: 3.0%). We
forecast Tigermed's revenue to grow 37%/29%/27% YoY and attributable
recurring net income to grow 37%/40%/31% YoY in FY22E/23E/24E.
Earnings Summary
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Figure 2: CMBIGM estimates vs consensus
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US. Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.