Lithium Tian Qian (002466) Materials gluten Lithium resource taps perform well, and the new product accelerates.
Events: In recent days, the company published its annual 2017 report, which generated operating revenues of $5.47 billion, diversified its lithium resource reserves, and increased the price of lithium concentrate. The company’s controlling subsidiary, Telison, is the world’s largest and best-quality lithium quartz mine currently being mined in the world – Green, Western Australia.
The Bush mine, which has a total reserves of 165.1 million tons of lithium, 8.33 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent; 86.4 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent; and 5 million tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. The all-owned lithium industry has rights to the mining of the lithium lithium lithite in Sichuan Yajiang County, which has been identified as having an ore equivalent of 19.714 million tons of oxygen.
In addition, the company has a 20% interest in Zabuye Salt Lake, Tibet, with about 1.83 million tons of carbon, total stock/flow (million shares) of lithium acid equivalent. Currently, it is mined at the Thilison Lithium Mine.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Technical changes in lithium chemical products have been significant, with a significant increase in production and sales on a par. During the reporting period, companies produced 32.26 million tons of lithium chemical products, 32.39 million tons of sales, 19.77 per cent and 19.77 per cent respectively.
The company’s predominantly long list led to a decline in average prices in 2017 and a slight decline in the company’s Māori ratio as a result of a rise in the price of stacked lithium concentrates. Lithium concentrate expanded in tandem with the production capacity of lithium chemical products, accelerating the internationalization process.
In order to meet market demand, the company launched the “Chemical-grade lithium concentrate expansion” project in March 2017, which is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2019, when the Tyllison lithium concentrate will reach 1.34 million tonnes/year, which will be equivalent to about 1.24 million tonnes/year of carbonate.
180,000 tonnes/year. The company currently produces nearly 40,000 tonnes of lithium chemical energy. The company is active in the market, accelerating two rounds of the 48,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide project in Australia. Quinana is expected to test the 2nd batch of the 24 million tonnes of lithium hydroxide per year project at the end of 2018.
At the same time, during the year, the construction of a lithium carbonate project will be launched. By the end of 2019, the company will have produced 53,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production and 53,000 tons of battery-grade batteries, with a strong downstream demand and an increase in the average annual price of lithium carbonate. In 2017, the price of lithium carbonate will be lower.
The impact of the oral period, since the spring season, with downstream demand going directly into the season, will be distributed more evenly throughout the year, and even with the release of lithium carbonate from new energy sources, the price impact will not be significant, with an average annual price of 15-16 million tons.
Investment proposals: Global new energy vehicles accelerate growth, demand for upstream resources rapidly increases, lithium chemical products are still growing rapidly, companies, as the leader of lithium resources, will hold 25 times, 17 times and 14 times, respectively, and we give the company an “upper” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.