Lead in the lithium industry, with sustained high growth in performance, maintaining the Tianqi lithium industry (002466) (i) Increased lithium salt production contributed to corporate performance growth
During the reporting period, Tyllison made technical changes to the mining process and equipment, resulting in a significant increase in the company's lithium concentrate by 30.91 per cent to 646.5 million tons of minerals on a year-on-year basis, and a gradual release of lithium concentrate from production at the port plant in 2016, bringing the company's production of lithium salt to 3.23 million tons in 2017.
In 2017, 19.77% of sales increased and sales increased by 33.28% to 3.24 million tons on a year-on-year basis. The average sales price of salt was roughly the same as last year.
Lithium salt production has increased over the same period last year, and the company expects 2018q1 to achieve (ii) new energy trends, with positive expansion remaining a leader, as countries around the world propose a future fuel-car ban schedule, an international car giant.
Following up on the introduction of an electric car development program and raising the sales ratio of future electric cars, the development of new energy-source cars is on the rise. With the introduction of a new subsidy policy and a double-share policy, the growth of new energy vehicles in the country is clear with policy support.
In order to maintain the leadership of the future lithium industry, and to fully enjoy the climate cycle of the new energy car industry, the company has increased the capacity of its lithium mine and lithium salt production. The company is preparing to build a new phase of a battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line in Australasia.
The construction is due to be completed by the end of 2018, while the battery-grade single-hydrogen oxide-dithide project is also expected to be completed by the end of 2019. In addition, the company will work with Suining City to build a phase of 20,000 tons of lithium equivalent carbonate production line, with a view to starting in 2018.
In the case of lithium concentrate, the company will expand the Tyllison lithium concentrate from 740,000 to 1.34 million tons, and is expected to start production in the first half of 2019, in line with the expansion of the company's lithium salt smelting industry as the leader of the lithium industry, increasing production through the expansion of production to respond to new energy sources on a pro-cyclical basis.
(b) The car-driven lithium industry was characterized by a decline in the price of lithium concentrate and lithium salt, which remained at a high base (1), and lithium carbonate, which fell; and (2) lower-than-anticipated production of new downstream energy vehicles;
3) The company ' s lithium salt, lithium concentrate project process is not as good as expected.