China: Baseland material, March 26, 2018.
Balance. Of this, 2018q2 will be released with Australia's mineral capacity, and after the rainy season in South America, salt lake production will yield a profit of 2,145 million dollars, an increase of the same amount.
In 2018, Sichuan Shooting Hung and Jiang Su-kang will be able to expand and add to the technology of the two production bases.
Australasia could be released at the end of the year, in 2018, by the company's executive director, the company's executive director, Tian Qui Qui, who developed, manufactured and sold the products of the company, including industrial-grade carbonate and battery-grade carbonate.
The value of the stock price against the value of the stock price, the price of the produce boosted the performance, globalization and technological development were strategic targets of the company, the price of the product rose in 2017, and cost control continued to lead the business: the company's revenue in 2017.
54.70 billion yuan (more than 1.78% of the forecast) and 2,145 million yuan (more than 3.52% of the forecast). The company's performance is based on its ability to raise the price of its own produce in 2017 and its overall cost control.
27.04 per cent higher than the previous year, with incomes ranging from 64.95 per cent to $1.750 billion more than the previous year.
The total equity share (million shares) increased the income from the product by 30.85% to $3.696 billion. In terms of cost control, the company as a whole has a full-fledged business.
The cash reserves were sufficient to support the expansion project, and corporate globalization accelerated: company cash equity ratios in late 2017 (2018f)
In 2018, the company will move steadily into the construction of the 2-phase annual production of 24,000 tons of battery-grade monohydrium oxide, which will be further expanded through the outsourcing process. A strong cash reserve will be given to the company in a simple profit sheet (rmb million).
In addition, the company’s sales continue to be dominated by the domestic market, but with the construction of 48,000 tons of battery-grade hydrogen oxide in Australia and 2019q2 expansion of the Telisen concentrate to 1.34 million tons/year, the company’s overseas sales and globalization, the company’s two-phase project,
In 2018, the global supply and demand balance emerged as a corporate strategy: supply and demand will continue in 2018. Of these, 2018q2 will be released with the release of Australian mining and the release of salt lakes after the rainy season in South America, the price of carbonate will be adjusted slightly. But the price of carbonate will continue to be maintained throughout the year.
One hundred and forty thousand dollars per ton. At the corporate level, Tianqiao reported in his annual report that a steering committee had been set up in 2018 to provide strategic guidance for the development of technology in the company, and that the company had proposed new ways to move to technology. In terms of technology, in 2018, the company had launched two production bases, namely Hong and Jiangsu Chang, in Sichuan, in 2018.
There are 12,000 tons of carbonate and 5,000 tons of oxygen in the flood-throwing base, and 17,000 tons of carbonate in the Hong Kong base, and more than 40,000 tons of the company's chemical products by the end of 2018.
An analyst's statement and an important disclosure can be found in the attachmenta.
In making investment decisions, investors should consider this report only one of these considerations.
March 26, 2018: Important Disclosures
Analyst who is primarily responsible for writing the full or partial content of the study and who is responsible for writing the certificate or certificate issuer in this report, has stated that: (a) all the points in the paper accurately reflect his personal views on each certificate or certificate issuer; and (b) the specific investment proposals or observations made in this study by the analyst of the Department of Research are not directly or naturally related to any part of his or her past, present and future remuneration (002466ch) - investment advice and target price for three years.
Source: Bloomberg, Note: a = share price adjusted for equity and cash equity; b = target price not adjusted; c = target price adjusted for equity and cash equity. Staff redleming effects are not reversed in a\cdotb or c.
At the moment, major research analyses the stock rating of the Lido subject matter, evaluation information, and risk profile analysis. It is recommended that investors increase the share in the investment pool. Holdings - beyond the industry: the Centre believes that the value of the stock base is more attractive than the same. This view is based on the Centre’s vision of the unit’s development prospects, financial performance, multiple issues, reviews.
This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, multiplicity of issues, evaluation information, and risk profile.
Selling: We have a negative view of the stock, based on the Centre’s prediction of absolute or relative rates of remuneration during the investment period of the stock. This view is based on the Centre’s analysis of the stock’s development prospects, financial performance, multiple issues, evaluation information, and risk profile.
Censorship: To comply with the rules and/or policies of the relevant laws and regulations and/or the dollar, the value of the target is set for 12 months. Note: The value of the dollar's share is based on a 12-month investment period. There is no official 12-month target price for the survey series in China, and its investment advice is based on an analyst's report.
The content of this report is taken from the data sources recognized by the company, but does not guarantee its integrity or correctness. The report is not an offer or an invitation to sell any certificate.
This report provides only general information, information contained in it, or any opinion, and does not create any incentive for a purchase certificate or other investment. The publication of the report is for the general purpose of communication by the client, and is not intended to provide specific investment advice, nor does it take into account the financial situation and objectives of any person who might receive the report.
This report does not contain any statement or guarantee of accuracy, integrity, or correctness, either explicitly or implicitly. This report does not (and should not be interpreted as such) in any jurisdiction, any person or company that is not legally certified and traded for the purpose of accounting or trading in that jurisdiction.
In the United States, only major investors are reported to be registered under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its amendments (released under Rule 15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and by the United States Securities Exchange Commission). American investors who want to carry out transactions related to the certificates in this report are required to register under section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and its amendments.
Taiwanns who want to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report should contact the Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation by means of the following means:
Hong Kong citizens who wish to obtain detailed information on any certificate contained in this report from Taiwan City, Taiwan 104 Nankingdong Road, are required to contact Yuan Dalian Co. Ltd. by:
18 Hae Fu Road, Hong Kong. 23rd floor, Hee Fu Center.
March 26, 2018, Tianqian Dynasty (002466ch)