The company publishes the first quarter of 2023 and the annual report for 2022. 23q1 yields $420 million.
The decline in demand has led clients to go to stock, and the fall in profits from the 23q1 company collection has been influenced mainly by the decline in demand for servers and computers; in the sub-operation, the interconnection chip camp received $413 million, equivalent to 28.20 per cent, and the Māori rate was 53.95 per cent;
In addition, 23q1 shares are paid at a cost of $36 million; and the elimination of shares is paid at a cost of $13.6 million.
Interconnection chip: benefits from the ddr5 upgrade and a breakthrough in the multi-product layout Company benefits from the related chip demand resulting from the ddr5 penetration increase; the 2022 interconnection chip camp has a record high of 2.735 billion yuan, an increase of 59.30 per cent; the share of total revenue is 74.47 per cent; the Māori rate
58.72%. 1) Memory interface chip: The company took the lead in the industry in testing ddr5, second generation rcd chip, at Sun Ying Peak first to release the first industry ddr5, third generation rcd chip prototype. 2) pcierenemer chip: public
Specie 5.0/cxl2.02 retimer completed the development of the volume version of the chip, which was achieved in January 2023. 3) mxc chip: in May 2022, the company successfully released the global first cxl memory extension controller core, Wang Haewi
Videos (mxc) meet the growing demand for high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, and other data-intensive applications. There are already a number of top-level cloud computing and memory module manufacturers around the world that are actively seeking cooperation.
(b) A total of 937 million yuan, or 10.8 per cent, was collected in 2022; 25.5 per cent of the total: the Māori rate was 10.54 per cent.
Vmware Compatibility Certification, which meets the universal compatibility and performance and reliability requirements of the Vmwareesxi 7.0u3 virtualization platform. In January 2023, the company released a new fourth generation of cpu, with a significant increase in key performance indicators to provide arithmetic support for cloud computing, business applications, artificial intelligence and high performance computing.
2) Mixed Security Memory Modules: The company ' s existing standard version mixed security memory module and streamlined version mixed security memory module modules series provide different levels of data security solutions for different application scenarios, and together with cpu, form a  server platform.
The company used a near-mortality computing structure for the ai chip that was developed to address the cpu bandwidth, performance bottlenecks and gpu memory capacity bottlenecks that ai calculates in the context of big data in the application of reasoning; 2022.
Completing the slides of the first generation of the ai chip prototypes and highlighting them successfully. In 2022, the company invested $563 million in research and development to place higher demands on arithmetic for the large models represented, server-based computing support would keep the landscape high, and company operations closely related to the server industry were expected to continue to benefit, covering for the first time, and providing incremental-b advice.