Short-term profit-taking, long-term good-looking release of growth space. Company 1 achieved operating income of 3,672 million yuan in 2022, an increase of 43.33 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 1,299 million yuan, an increase of 56.71 per cent in the same year; net profit deduction of non-retroactivity of 883 million.
The company ' s 22-year high performance was due mainly to the following: In relation to the interconnected chip product line, the company benefited from the ddr5 memory interface and module set-up during the 22-year period from an increase in the penetration and associated revenue. The interconnected chip product line in 2022.
Achieving sales revenue of $2.735 billion, an increase of 59.30 per cent over the previous year, and a Māori rate of 58.72 per cent. In terms of capture of server platform product lines, companies achieved a steady growth in sales of cpu lines in 2022, resulting in sales revenue of $937 million, an increase of 10.80 per cent over the previous year, and Māori rates.
A total of $465 million, representing an increase of 160.35 per cent over the same period in the previous year, was earned on the basis of the company's prior investment profile around the industrial chain, the company's return on investment and fair value, mainly because of the company's return on investment patterns around the previous period.
The company ' s underperformance of 23q1 was due mainly to the continued weakness of the economy and high inflation, prompting four major cloud-end service providers in North America to repair server purchases 1. Intruding technology (68808.sh): dddr5 penetration
volume. Trendforce projected a downward adjustment of global server output to 14.43 million in 2023, with a steady increase in net profit excluding the parent, with an annual growth rate of 1.31%. Downstream server suppliers go to stock and result in corporate memory interfaces
The chips are under pressure, and the speed of server competition has increased the Māori rate. We expect it to decline. 2. Incidence technology (688008.sh): ddr5 penetration remained at around 25% at the end of the year, but was converted from last year's stock run to this year's stock run.
Rates have risen steadily, multiple new items have opened up to growth effects, and ddr5 output penetration at the company level is either below or below that level.
• New technologies are emerging, the results of ai chip project samples are highlighted, new operations such as server platforms are expanding by 2022-04, and companies are increasing their R & D investment on a continuous basis, with R & D costs of $563 million in 2022, compared to the same amount
Significant progress has been made in the development and development of products, leading to the issuance of multi-products in the industry: in May 2022, the company released the global first cxl memory extension control chip (mxc) and took the lead in the industry in piloting the ddr5, second generation rcd chip, and in September 2022, the first industry chip ddr5
In addition to one generation of clock drive (ckd) engineering prototypes, which were first launched in industry in December 2022, the third generation of ddr5 rcd chips, the company has continued to advance software and hardware synergy and performance optimization design for the ai chip.
Finishes and lights ups the slides of the first generation of the ai chip prototypes. The company's ai chip should be used in the future as a recommended system for big data swallowing in the Internet and an application for nlp (natural language).
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.