Pharmaceutical biology has moved from technology to the world's leading chemical luminous leader, focusing on the same track for nearly 30 years, building a brand of national hair. New industries were founded in 1995 to maintain a sustained focus on chemical luminous production.
A product matrix of self-research instruments plus reagents, including 10 different flux instruments, 199 reagent projects such as tumors, thyroids, glands, cardiocardiocardial markers, 135052403002, and through solid product strength and channel advantages built over many years, corporate products have entered 152 countries.
And regions, with high global standards such as fda and celista, leapfrog to become home-grown diagnosing sea poles, long-term forested seagulls leading the global share of chemical light.
As of 2023, the company ' s R & D costs as a percentage of its revenue had reached the company ' s first 600-high-speed chemical luminous system x 8, with a higher flux instrument x 10 released in February 2024; and a small-molecular kernel approach to overall reagent performance.
The x series of instruments has been gradually stabilized, with over 1,500 and 2,800 new aircraft installed at home and abroad since 2021, respectively, maintaining faster loading speeds and laying the basis for reagent growth. \triangleright
By the end of 2023, corporate products had been cumulatively sold to 152 countries and territories abroad, from early agency to regional grid-based management, and through 10 offshore subsidiaries, to further deepen the priority market. The company’s offshore installation structure continued to be optimized, with 56.73 per cent of the new medium-sized instrument in 2023, from low-throughput customers.
Infiltration to medium- and high-throughput users, reagent growth is expected to be a core driver overseas. In 2023, the company earned 1,319 million, 18x, 14x. Antonics, Yafilong, and the medical equipment of the company's Dragon-head Murray were selected as comparables. Based on the company's improved layout in the chemical light industry, reagents were gradually introduced into the release phase, covered for the first time, and "buyed" was given.
Based on the company's improved layout in the chemical luminous industry, reagents are gradually phased into the release phase, covering for the first time, giving 1) reagent category: through continuous installation of air cushions at home and abroad, the ratio of medium to high flux instruments is increasing for the long term.
2) Instrument type: The replacement of M-series instruments by X-series instruments and the promotion of new X-series instruments, current-line products have contributed positively to equipment revenue. Assuming that the company ' s instrument-type revenues for 2024-2026, respectively, have been accumulated over the past 30 years, the company ' s chemical luminous products have developed significantly at the end of the equipment and reagents, from industry to industry.
The international market, with the distributor system, has evolved into a fine regional grid management system, the regulatory system has followed the company’s development, and the construction of offshore affiliates has led to an increase in the company’s overseas terminal contact points, with a rise in the share of large and medium-sized equipment.
By more than 56 per cent, higher corporate reagent revenues abroad are expected to lead to high-quality growth. Overseas geopolitical risks, domestic policy risks, competition exacerbates risks.
In 1995, the new industry was founded in Shenzhen, the country’s first company to conduct ivd immunization tests, and in 2008 it developed the country’s first fully automated chemical luminous immune analyser. After nearly 30 years of development, the company developed chemical luminous units to prepare + reagents for self-production, sold and sold in full, closed its entire business process, leapfroging to become the leading chemical agent in the country and abroad.
The company’s revenue in 2023 was $3.93 billion, an increase of 28.97% over the previous year, a steady increase in the company’s domestic and foreign stock loads, and an increase in the share of medium- and high-throughput equipment, bringing the company’s operations to a steady stage of delivery.
In 2023, the new industry received $2.86 billion in chemical luminous reagents and $1.06 billion in instrument revenue, respectively, from a steady increase in profits due to changes in equity incentive costs, increases in salaries and travel costs.
In 2013-2023, the reagent compound increased by 28.55% per year, higher than the 22.81% growth in instruments during the same period. The reagent equipment stabilized the output of reagents, reflecting a consistent pattern of equipment plus consumables operations, and the reagent income peaked at 78.9% in 2018, with companies actively switching to the X series, which performed better overall performances, and after 2018, which accounted for the share of reagent revenues.
The sale of stream-line products increased, domestic instrument revenues increased by 33.53 per cent over the same period, reagents by 23.73 per cent, and large instruments increased overseas by 1,319 million yuan over the same period, or 36.16 per cent over the same period, with instruments growing by 16.91 per cent, reagents by 54.56 per cent, mainly as a result of the gradual realization of previous market tillage, and academic activity increased the global impact of the brand of “snibe”.
High-speed growth, extraordinary ability to get out of the sea.
The company ' s high rate of reagent revenue peaked at 78.9 per cent a year and the overall rate was 80 per cent, with a wide-ranging corporate strategy, a shift in domestic and foreign focus to X-series and medium-to-high flux instruments, and a more flexible marketing programme for instruments, equipment and overall Māori rates being adjusted, and the company ' s Māori rate is expected to increase further with the release of reagents for medium-to-high flux equipment.
Corporate cost controls are relatively reasonable, with R & D costs continuously rising from 2017 to 2023 in the face of rising incomes, and companies are actively developing other in vitro diagnostic products in addition to the continuous proliferation of light products. In addition to employee equity incentives, 2. Continuous grinding of technology-led industries
Since the introduction of the first fully automated chemical light analyser in 2010, the company has introduced various flux systems such as m2000, m2000plus, m800, m4000, x8 and x3, which have accumulated 10 chemical light systems with needles for users of different sample volumes/levels of medical institutions.
The overall design of the system matches clinical needs, i.e., high-speed and miniaturization parallels high-speed instrumentation to increase single-organic testing velocity, reduce the gap with high-speed biochemical tat (turn-aroundtime, test turnaround time) and increase the efficiency of the samples in the laboratory as a whole; miniaturization meets the increasing detection needs at the clinical end, reduces transport links within the sample yard and improves.
2.1 Specialized team focused on R & D. The president of the company, Xu Wei, is a doctor of engineering, has invented a third generation of new nanomagnetic micro-drawn materials, has obtained a certificate of State-inventive expertise, and has innovatively combined nanomics, abei luminous synthesis, immuno-analysis techniques to create magnetic fractions.
Departure from direct chemical luminous immune analysis systems.