Non-financial first-time coverage report Communications (000063.sz) ..by the wind of one, computing and terminal operations are expected to start a new round of growth.
The company is a leading provider of integrated information and communication technology solutions worldwide.
Complete, end-to-end products and solutions, designed, developed, produced, sold, served as one, with a focus on the network of operators, businesses, and consumers. According to dell'oroggroup data, in 2023, companies made up 11% of the global telemarket, ranking fourth and second highest in the world. The market position is stronger as the 5g network is built.
In the platform period, the company accelerated its transition to “connectivity + arithmetic” with 25h1, and the company achieved a revenue of $71,553 million, or +14.51%, of which the government business, represented by servers and storage products, doubled, and the company’s performance is expected to return to growth.
Linking operations: beyond the corporate operator's network operating base, the company's forward-looking layout 5g-a technology and actively promoting 400g light grids to dry down into the provinces to find incremental amounts in the stock.
Businesses, which mainly provide servers and storage, switchboards and data centre packages. 25h1, domestic and foreign government clients invest more in arithmetic infrastructure, firms expand their businesses, double their revenues, and companies leapfrog into their core growth poles. End business: companies implement the “alforall” concept and continuously expand their technology at the end of their equipment.
Applying, especially in the area of mobile phones, company 25h1 publishes a global first full-size ea cell phone embedded in Deepseek-r1. More efficient and intelligent user experience is expected to boost the output of the company's end-products.
In the area of chips, the company has been developing chips since 1996 and continuously strengthening its inputs in advanced process design, advanced frame and encapsulation design, core intellectual property rights, digitally efficient development platforms. Microelectric sub-companies have acquired complex process design capabilities at the end and end of the soc chip, autonomously developing and successfully commercializing more than 130 chips.
Previously, the company had launched the Cpu series of Everest, the Chinese mobile pc server collection project in mid-2024: the third core base computing chip after Cpu and gpu. The company’s R & D layout and technology depth in the chip field could help it build core competitiveness in the wave.
Given that the company is the world's fourth largest provider of telecommunications equipment, the operator's network business base is solid, the arithmetic and terminal operations make up the second-growth curve, which is remarkable, while self-researching the bottom core technology, for the first time, is covered with a “buy-in” rating. Multiply. We've selected purple shares, wave information, fire communications, China's light as a comparable company for 2025.
Given that the company is the world's fourth largest supplier of communications equipment, the operator's network operations are basically solid, the second growth curve of arithmetic and terminal operations is highly effective, while self-researching the bottom core technology, the company's deep-deep communications equipment industry has 40 years of complete, end-to-end products and solutions in the ict industry.
Designing, developing, producing, selling, serving as one, focusing on the network of operators, businesses, and consumer business. Looking ahead, companies will accelerate the expansion of a two-curve business, represented by arithmetic, end-of-course, while maintaining a stable market share of the first curve, dominated by wireless and cable products.
Operator network operations: companies are actively responding to the challenge of declining investment in 5g in the country, continuing deep-drawing base, maintaining a steady and steady increase in the market share of the core products, while expanding the smart-thinking project and further developing the future of business such as 5g-a, mega-mega, etc. Businesses: companies seize opportunities for growth in intelligence-based investment and, on the one hand, take full advantage of the country's head Internet, industry, etc.
The company, for its part, is working to expand opportunities for intellectual investment and to scale up cooperation, while following up with large overseas countries to accelerate new opportunities for the development of arithmetic infrastructure such as data centres, servers, and so on, and to deepen cooperation between Chinese-owned enterprises and local customers overseas. We anticipate consumer business: companies use the "aiforaii" as their core strategy, through the forward-looking layout of the full class of ai terminals.
Accelerating the construction of landscape smart ecology, family terminals, smart phones, cloud computers, and mobile interconnections. My company is the world’s leading provider of integrated information and communications technology (ICT) solutions, ranked fourth in the global market for telecommunications equipment, second in the country, and second in the market.
The company continues to build on the business infrastructure, while at the same time focusing on the opportunities of the big model, building a “calculus plus terminal” with the bottom core technology for autonomous research and development, self-researching the cpu and dpu chips of the Everest series, building further the core competitiveness of the city’s era.
Geopolitical risks; ai technology risks; exchange rate risks, etc. 1. Middle-rise communication: 40 years of adherence to the ict industry by leading global suppliers of communications equipment, a new stage in the development of arithmetic operations.
China-China Communications Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China Communications” or “Commercial”) has a manufacturing industry in the form of telecommunications equipment with complete and end-to-end products and solutions in the ict industry, which combines design, development, production, sale and service, and in 1997 was renamed China-China Communications Company Ltd. and placed on the market in its deep-seated main board, and in 2004 it was the owner of the Hong Kong joint venture.
After 40 years of development, the company has seized the opportunity of 3g mobile broadband, 4g mobile interconnection, and 5g IQU, and has achieved a cross-cutting development from "1g blanks, 2g follow, 3g breakthroughs" to "4g synchronized, 5g leads." At present, the company has become the leading provider of integrated information and communication technology solutions across the globe, covering more than 160 countries and regions.
In the face of the current wave of new and innovative technologies, companies have continued to strengthen core technological innovations and are accelerating their transition to “connectivity plus arithmetic.” Corporate operations cover the three main segments of the operator network, government business, and consumer business. (1) Operators’ network operations: pass-through.
In the area of networking, the market share of corporate wireless and cable core products has risen steadily; in the area of emerging computing networks, firms have built on the ability of large-scale and complex hardware and software design and integrated delivery in the field of intelligence to provide operators with solutions for digital transformation and intellectual upgrading. (2) Government and enterprise: companies are primarily in the business sector of leading Internet enterprises, large financial institutions, etc.
Clients provide servers and storage, switchboard, data centre packages, etc. (3) Consumer operations: products include end-of-home, cellular and mobile interconnected products, cloud computers, etc., with niches in the area of disaggregation. 1.2. Operator network operations are solid, arithmetical, terminal-building second-growth curve
The year and the year 2018 were marked by losses, mainly of US$ 890 million and US$ 1 billion, respectively; after 2019, the world entered the 5g network construction phase, the telecommunications industry ushered in a new boom, and companies seized the opportunity of technological change and achieved robust growth in their performance; and in 2024, as the 5g network entered maturity, the operator ' s investment as a whole fell and changed its structure.
In the first half of 2025, the company adopted the strategic idea of “allinal, alforall” to accelerate the integration of al and ict innovations, to deepen the expansion of the demand for numeracy, to speed up the upgrading of products at the end of the country and to effectively boost the growth of the company's revenue base, while consolidating the domestic operator's base and increasing its market presence abroad.
The revenue of $71,553 million, or +14.51 per cent, was achieved, of which the government and business sectors grew across the board, with the same revenue ratio rising by +109.9 per cent, the core engine for the growth of the company as a whole. The business layout continued to be optimized, and the share of government and consumer business increased rapidly.
In the context of the accelerated downside of facility construction, the company embraces the market opportunities offered by the wave of the ai, pushing the size of the arithmetic business, with the second curve revenue, represented by the arithmetic, end-products, increasing by nearly 100 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with the company server and storage collecting more than 200 per cent on a year-on-year basis and the ai server receiving 55 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Consumer operations together accounted for more than 50% of the 25h1 revenue, and the company's “connectivity plus arithmetic” strategy continued to work.
At the cost-side, companies focus on R & D while effectively controlling costs. On the one hand, companies maintain a technological lead and maintain a certain level of ownership.
R & D input intensity, cumulative R & D costs of $117.07 billion in 2019-2024, directed to servers, switchboards, end-ends, chips, etc. On the other hand, companies continue to focus on precision investment in resources, cost during effective control, 25h1 sales, 2.
2.1. Operators ' operations: a first curve based on a 5g-a upward trend High concentration of the telecommunications equipment industry and firm fundamentals. According to dell 'oroggroup data, the global telecommunications equipment industry was about 69 per cent in 2023, with a high market concentration and stable pattern, with companies ranked fourth in the world and second in the country.
In the first half of 2025, the company operator network received $356.4 billion, i.e. 5.99 per cent, Gold Cows. The basic communications industry moved into a parallel phase of “stock stabilization” with “incremental optimization”. At present, the strategic focus of networking is on:
Moving from “wide coverage” to “deep optimization”, the evolution of a network towards the future has accelerated, with 400 g light networks sinking towards the provinces, and operators are actively deploying 5g-a technology, represented by a sense of oneness, and building on the 50gpon technology that has gradually matured to explore the mega-megae business landscape in a forward-looking manner. Based on this background, companies will be developing the overall layout and application of the 5g-a technology evolution.
In the domestic market, companies are expected to continue to work deep on basic dishes while promoting 5g-a, 50gpon and 400g access upgrades.
At the international market, companies will adhere to the big-Power strategy to seize the opportunities of wireless modernization, fibre optics, and new opportunities for growth. The growth of arithmetic demand has led to rapid growth in corporate governance.
Large models are rapidly developing, creating a large number of arithmetical infrastructure needs, such as servers. Based on idc and wave information, China ' s Assessment Report on the Development of Artificial Intelligent Computation 2025, the global market for artificial intelligence servers is projected to be $12.51 billion in 2024, and is expected to reach $22.27 billion in 2028.
Research and development of related products, through self-researching of hardware such as chips, ai servers and software capabilities such as the i-tool chain, and soft and co-optimization, increased investment in arithmetic infrastructure by domestic and foreign government clients during the first half of the year, led to a smooth expansion of the company ' s entrepreneurship, yielding $19.54 billion, or +109.93 per cent, as a new engine for growth in corporate performance.
Specifically, corporate governance is based on three main products: (1) server and storage: the company provides a series of server products (high performance training servers, high value reasoning servers, open boxes, i.e., smart computing machines, etc.) that meet the needs of the whole scenario, and adapts to the industry mainstream cpu and gpu. At the same time, the company develops its own sea chip, supports the rdma tag, smart webcard, dpu, etc.
In a variety of forms, such as cards, high performance, diversified computing and accelerated hardware. (2) Switchboards: companies in the Internet industry white box exchanges continue to be commercial in size, the financial sector is the first-ranked country-owned big-line project, the electricity industry breaks through the smart-caling cluster. (3) Data centres: companies focus on high-value head customers in domestic markets, providing customized services to Internet companies.
Self-researching of products into state-owned large-scale short lists; while international markets have consolidated stock markets such as the Philippines, Indonesia and others, they have been active in expanding new markets such as Latin America, North Africa, and Central Asia.
Figure 14: Aicubedeepseek One Machine in Central China 2.3. Consumer operations: Extension of the Ai terminal application landscape. Corporate business layout extended to end-c, covering products such as home terminals, mobile terminals, cloud computers. Company works towards "al"
The concept of "form" has been put into practice, expanding the extent and depth of the use of al technology for end-of-life ecosystems such as mobile phones, pc, tablets, mobile interconnected products and smart apparel devices. In the first half of 2025, corporate consumer business achieved $17.235 billion, compared to +7.59 per cent, and made new progress in a number of product categories: (1) household endpoints: the domestic market ftttr maintains a leading edge;
Wi-fi7 routers are used both domestically and internationally; (2) mobile phones: small folds of deepseek have been released in the first full-size, mobile phone flip2, Nubian z70sultra photographers and new ones such as Nubian tablet pro; (3) mobile interconnectivity products: according to the company ' s semi-annual report 2025, its 5gfwa&mb market share is the world ' s first in four consecutive years. (4) Cloud computers:
On February 13, 2025, the company launched a global first-size smartphone, duepseek-r1, with a complete series of cloud-based computer products, including wind management, rocking, ling and leeway, and has released a new version of the iInnovation Terminal free screen. The i large model is embedded in the front of the cellular terminal. On the one hand, the plane carries a full set of 671 billion parameters.
The deepseek-r1 model, which guarantees the "blood-filled release" of the ai's performance, provides a stronger in-depth reasoning capability, covers more complex scenarios and optimizes the user's experience in terms of fluidity and stability. On the other hand, Nubianz70ultra achieves a system-level interactive integration that combines the multi-model capabilities of the nebulaai with an integrated, cross-endai experience, for example, users.
When calling Deepseek-r1 in nebula, you can match nebula images with a photo and then ask Deepseek to answer the question, including mathematics, physics, tectonics, etc. Companies continue to promote the innovative combination of ai technology and smart terminal equipment, and more efficient and intelligent user experiences are expected to contribute to an increase in the delivery of their end-of-ai products.
3. Bottom-line technologies, self-researching chips, building barriers, starting chip research and development, continuing to enhance inputs in advanced process design, advanced architecture and envelope design, core intellectual property rights, digitally efficient development platforms, and having industry-led chip-wide design capability; (2) database: based on China
China Database Industry Mapping (2025), published by the Institute of Information and Communications Research, the company ' s self-researched Goldendb has been ranked first in the business-oriented database area in the financial and operator sector; (3) operating systems; since 2001, the company has developed its own operating systems, which have achieved results in core directions such as inner core, base bank, virtualization, intelligence, tool chain, real-time, reliability, etc.
Security is at the forefront of the industry, with products widely used in such industries as communications, automobiles, electricity, orbital traffic, civil aviation, etc. Corporate self-research chips are largely dependent on the company's subsidiary, Henzhen City Microelectronics Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Middle Microelectronics”), which has developed over the years and has developed complex process-wide design capabilities for soc chips, autonomously developed and successfully commercialized.
More than 130 chips, including mobile modem chips, fixed network terminal chips, Ethernet Internet chips, wireless products, numeracy products, etc., can provide wireless communication, broadband access, light transmission, route exchange, etc. core chips and solutions, providing a one-stop design service for customers from design to volume production. In 2024, company self-researched Everest based on arm structures.
The series of cpu winnings the Chinese mobile pc server collection project, which won about 381 million yuan, for a total of 6173 units, reflecting the city’s recognition of the company’s product and technology.
The third core base computing chip has the capability of arithmetic offloading, acceleration of data protocol processing speed, network-sideless network transmission, data encryption, etc., where applied in distributed storage, dpu can release cpu resources, increase system efficiency, and enable arithmetic “separation”. To respond to the need for integration of networks with arithmetic depth, microelectronics have introduced dpu.
Chips and the Skylight series are exchanged for chips from the Tethernet, in which the dpu chip is based on self-research coresc-v, with a hard-to-calculation and multi-type offloading capability that can significantly improve computing efficiency. With self-research chips, companies are expected to contribute further to technological competitiveness in the arithmetic field, and to enrich arithmetic national production options.
For 40 years, the company's deep-farming communications equipment industry has a complete and end-to-end product and solution for the industry, combining design, development, production, marketing, services, and focusing on the network of operators, government enterprises, and consumer business.
While maintaining a stable market share in the first curve, mainly wireless and cable products, the Division will accelerate the expansion of the second curve, represented by arithmetic and terminal. Operator network operations: companies are actively responding to the challenge of declining domestic investment in 5g, continuing deep-drawing basics, and core product markets.
The share of the field has remained steady and steady, along with the expansion of smart-thinking projects and the development of future technological directions, such as 5g-a, and mega-megabe access. I, Business and Government: The company seizes the opportunity for growth in intelligence-based investment and, on the one hand, seizes the opportunity to increase intelligence-based investment and scale up cooperation by taking full advantage of the country’s headline Internet, industry companies, etc., and, on the other hand, following up with the big overseas countries to speed up the cost of data centres, servers, etc.
Consumer operations: The company's central strategy is “aiforaii”, which accelerates the construction of a landscape smart ecology, home terminals, smart phones, cloud computers, and mobile interconnections through the forward layout of the full class of aai terminals. We expect to show the elimination of shares, wave information, fire communications, and China’s light as comparable companies, with an average of 39.58 per cent in 2025, given that the average is 39.58 per cent.
The company is the world's fourth largest provider of telecommunications equipment, the operator's network business base is solid, the arithmetic and the final business composition of the second growth curve is particularly effective, while self-researching the bottom core technology, covering for the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating.
The economic, policy, and political and social environments vary, including the risks of laws and regulations, taxes, exchange rates, political situations (such as war, civil strife, etc.) and may have an impact on the company’s operations.
(c) Exchange rate risk: the currency in which corporate consolidated statements are presented is the renminbi, and the currency in which sales, purchases and financing are settled in non-RMB.
Appendices: A summary of financial projections shows my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.