The profitability of the petrochemical carrier has been highlighted, and future growth of kinetic energy is expected.
• The profitability of the petrochemical carrier was highlighted, the future growth period was sustained, and the “buy-in” rating was maintained. On 28 October, the company released its Third Quarterly Report 2020, and the first three quarters of the company achieved 1033.34 revenue growth, full release performance, and one quarter of the company's performance was renewed.
The Division, as a leader in the private industry of major refining, has a prominent integration, scale and cost advantage, and is able to grow over time, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
q3 quarter operating income of 35.976 billion yuan (+5.83 per cent year, ring - 429 per cent year) and net return of 4,379 million yuan (+56.60 per cent year, ring + 29.79 per cent year), mainly as a result of the company ' s continued enjoyment of low crude oil and a 12.45 per cent decline in the business cost ring of q3. According to company published business data, 1-September
The average crude oil price of the company was $2,197.81 per ton, falling again from the January-June average, and the low-cost oil significantly increased the company’s profitability. The q3 Māori rate and net interest rate increased significantly, and q3 gross was expected to return to normal as low-cost crude oil was consumed.
• The company's plans to invest approximately $11.5 billion in the construction of the “2 x 2.5 million tons/year pta project” in the Greater Bay of Huaizhou project, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2021 and will be completed by the end of 2021.
The company update report - the company's march into Huezhou, with 16.6 million tons of annual production capacity and a strong industry leader. The petrochemical park in Huezhou is the country's eight major petrochemical project, which will highlight future growth dynamics.
The company's pta project in Daya Bay, Huezhou, is, in our view, a key link to the southern part of the country, to the polyester chain.
The company’s growth bottlenecks have been broken, and future growth dynamics are expected. To the highest level in history, the petrochemical carrier has always been strong. The company’s first cover report - the petrochemical carrier rides the wind.
Breaking the wave, refining the project for a performance release period.