5 million tons of pta project in the south, to consolidate the leader position and maintain the “buy-in”
Events: company announcement (1) to invest approximately $11.5 billion in the construction of the “2 x 2.5 million tons/year pta project” in the Greater Bay of China, Guangdong Province (2) launch of the fifth issue of the employee holdings 5 million tons pta project under the south layout to consolidate the status of the refined polyester dragon.
In order to further consolidate the high size of upstream production capacity and enhance the integrated competitiveness of the entire industrial chain, the company ' s subsidiary, Helium Pulsification (He State) Ltd., plans to invest $1,149,491,000 in the construction of the "2 x 2.5 million tonnes/year pta Project " .
Project Foundation: Project site located in the Greater Bay petrochemical park in Huaizhou, Guangdong Province. 706 acres of proposed new land, construction of two new 2.5 million tons of pta devices and ancillary facilities, total equity/flow (millions of units)
Construction (construction) covers an area of 282,000 square metres. The project is being financed by self-financing Helium petrochemicals: US$ 5.5 billion, ethylene transfer project implications: the company has now built 11.6 million tonnes/year pta production units on the island of Longsing.
Fortune, year-round performance will be renewed to maintain “the largest buying of global capacity, further increasing company pta capacity to 16.6 million after the project is completed” - 2020/08/13
Tons/years, to consolidate the company’s technological, scale and cost competitiveness in the upstream pta industry Helium petrochemical (600346) [Pacific Chemical] position. At the same time, the project is located in one of the seven major petrochemical industry bases of priority development in the country.
Helium petrochemicals report for the first quarter of the year: Great Refinery Project, Greater Bay petrochemical park in Huaizhou, the park's revolving economy chain, is in harvest, maintaining “buy-in”
The site of the project is also an important apparel end market for the country. The project was completed with the extension of the company's layout to the South China area, which contributed to a further increase in the market share. Helium petrochemicals (600346).
In the meantime, it will improve the structure of the industry by renovating the lower and lower edges of the Qi Hee State and the Guangdong petrochemical industrial chain.
The project is now under way in phase V. Under the fifth draft of the Stakeholder Plan, the scheme is currently under way.
The trust plan establishes a preferential, inferior and low-level share at a ratio of 1:1 with a total fund ceiling of $160 million.
The Division participated in the 1.5 million tonnes/Neptune Project, the 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-4 Project and the 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-5 Project for major operators and above, companies and some other sub-prime sub-contractors 5 million pta Project to consolidate the leadership position and maintain “buy-in”
The total number of employees in the division who are involved in the aforementioned project is not more than 1,500.
3. The company ' s performance will be re-innovated throughout the year, and we expect it to be re-innovated in 2020, mainly as a result of (1) the introduction of an additional 1.5 million tons of ethylene project and its consolidation in July 2020. (2) The company will increase during the period of crude oil procurement opportunities
Crude oil purchases, targeting low-cost raw materials, have been followed by a rise in oil prices. (3) New pta, polyesters, pbat projects are coming into production. (4) While current supply and demand contradictions remain more pronounced for a relatively long period of time, the market is more pessimistic, but with future demand for pta, polyesters and polyesters coming back.
From time to time, the advantages of integration are clear, growing procyclically, having great elastic performance, maintaining the target city.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.