Helium petrochemicals (600346): high-predictability Helium petrochemicals event: the company released its third quarterly report in 2020 and achieved business income of $103.3 billion during the reporting period
Dollars, 35.38 per cent growth over the same period; net profit on return to the mother is $9,896 million, a 45.16 per cent increase over the same year. With the successful commissioning of 1.5 million tons of ethylene, pta-5 projects, the company was committed to “smelting – for dibenzene, ethylene ethylene-pta,”
Ethylene - Development of the world-class whole-of-industry chain of civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, polyester membrane, possession of demand for ethylene ethylene projects with high performance in the first quarter.
The 20 million-ton oil refining project, the most repeated single-body installation in the world, has brought about an orderly return to productive life in the country. The first three quarters have seen our economy grow at a rate of negative and large-scale pta manufacturers.
In the last three quarters, industries of national scale and above have returned to their home countries because of the epidemic, and domestic export orders have increased significantly. Over-expected recovery of end demand.
In addition, the company’s pta-5 production line was officially launched on 28 June, and the 1.5 million tons of ethylene project was officially commercialized in July.
With the liberalization of the “double power” of imported crude oil, my national refining industry offers valuable opportunities for development. Companies expand upstream into the polyester chain.
Zhang, the cost advantages of scalding and industrial chain integration are evident. 20 million tons of solid fossilized 703,910,463,194 have been officially launched since May 2019, showing strong profitability, ton.
A net oil gain of nearly $500 per ton. The demand for high-quality development of refining enterprises has increased as excess domestic refining capacity has grown. Reviewing the evolution of the United States refining industry and its scale, it will enter a new phase of industrial clustering and fine-tuning.
Within the seven major petrochemical bases that are centrally planned, and the rich refined products are important industrial raw materials downstream, companies have the basic conditions for entering more technologically advanced areas such as new materials, smart manufacturing, etc. So we firmly see the long-term competitive advantage of private refining projects not only as an effective counterproductive measure.
The company has entered a new cycle of growth. As the company’s 1.5 million tons of ethylene and pta-5 projects have come into operation, the company’s existing major projects are coming to an end.
In the second half of the year, the company’s 200,000-ton industrial silk project, the 600,000-ton polyester new materials project, and the 330,000-ton degradable new materials (pbat) will be put into production. The company has also planned for each of the states of Suzhou, Nanton, Cebu and Jinzhou.
The pbat project, with a future master plan capacity of 500,000 tons, responds positively to the country’s call for a strong effort to develop biodegradable plastics. In addition, to further consolidate upstream capacity, enhance the full-industry competitiveness of polyester fibres, enhance the continued profitability of listed companies, and invest in companies’ subsidiaries.
The construction of the “2 x 2.5 million tons/tonne/year” of the Greater Asian Bay petrochemical park in Guangdong Province at $11,491,000 would further strengthen listed companies in the pta sector above the polyester fibre optics industry, s148009002
Technology, size, and cost have competitive advantages, optimizing the structure of the whole industry chain, building on upstream production-capability edges, and upgrading firms’ combined competitive power. Keep looking at the performance prospects of private large-scale refining projects, and maintain firms’ “strongly recommended” ratings.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East and the source of the boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Henglithism (600346): performance exceeded expectations and entered a new cycle of growth.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua. They worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute.
Qinghua University, Department of Chemistry, published three papers in journals such as Chemicalscience, ccschemistry, and members of the China Chemical Council.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.