On 29 October 2020, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2020, and collected $103.3 billion in the first three quarters of 2020.
35% longer, net return to the mother $9.9 billion, 45% more than the year, net gain to the mother $9.7 billion, 46% more than the year.
According to company announcements, the first three quarters of 2020 collected $103.3 billion, an increase of 35 per cent, resulting in a net return of $9.9 billion to the mother, an increase of 45 per cent. We judged that the significant increase in revenue was mainly due to the release of large-scale refining projects and the strengthening of the pta and ethylene reporting period. The company ' s Māori ratio for the reporting period was 21.13 per cent, an increase of 3.15 percentage points for the same period.
On the one hand, this year, oil prices have been running low under the influence of the global epidemic, which has saved much of the cost of raw materials; on the other hand, domestic demand has been warming rapidly since the last three quarters, and prices for finished oils and other refined products have continued to warm.
The first crude oil-px-pta-polyester integration enterprise in the industry has continued to benefit from the expansion of the chain of operations.
6.6 million tons of pta, 2.8 million tons of high-end polyester. The company will continue its strategy of extension of the industrial chain in the future, pushing vertically up to tons of industrial silk capacity. According to the company's announcement, the 1.5 million tons of ethylene constant project is expected to be commercialized in the second quarter of 2020, and the feasibility report for the project estimates an annual revenue of 24.3 billion, or 4.3 billion; and 2 tons of 2.5 million pta per year.
The project is expected to be commercialized by mid-2020, with an estimated annual revenue of $23.2 billion, representing a net gain of $1.9 billion: 200,000 tons of industrial silk projects are expected to be operational by the end of 2020; 1.35 million tons of civil silk projects are expected to be built over a 48-month period, with production delivered in bulk, and policies that drive the future pattern of supply and demand in the petrochemical sector are expected to improve continuously
\triangleright, according to China ' s Oil and Chemical Industry Federation, Economic Performance Report 2019, China ' s total production of major chemicals increased by about 4.6 per cent in 2019 compared to the previous year: 12.27 trillion in operating income was realized in the entire petroleum and chemical industry.
In 2019, China’s oil refining capacity exceeded 850 million tons/year, with a capacity utilization rate of about 76% and a low capacity utilization rate. On 6 November 2019, China, China’s capacity utilization rate was low.
INDRA published the Directory of Guidance on Industrial Restructuring (2019 editions), which has been in effect since 1 January 2020, with new 10 million tonnes/year of constant depressure, 1.5 million tonnes/year of catalyst 1, Helium petrochemicals (600346), in the field of petrochemicals, leading the project.
Fragmentation, successive recombinations of 1 million tonnes/year (aromatic aromatic pumping), 1.5 million tonnes/year of hydrogen fission-based production, leading to six months of record high performance. The petrochemical sector’s supply and demand patterns are expected to improve continuously in the future as demand recovers and capacity is phased out.
Prices of finished oils and chemical products have fallen: company capacity has slowed down. Yang: Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with Rutgers University, Department of Chemicals, United States of America, developed a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) for geochemistry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.