One-quarter high profit innovation, pta leadership continued to consolidate, companies achieved $10,3334 million, an increase of 35.38 per cent in the same year, net profit returns of $9,896 million, single-quarter profit innovation, supermarket expectations.
During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a gross profit of $13.62 billion, an increase of 35.38 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the good production of the current refining project, the pta-4 project, the ethylene project and the company ' s operating income.
In the last three quarters, the company’s financial costs were 573 million yuan, a 23.18 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to a substantial increase in corporate sales over the same period last year, as well as an increase in sales costs. The net cash flow of the public sector’s operations was $18,364 million, a decrease of 31.02 per cent, compared with the net profit of the parent.
Conversely, mainly due to higher purchases of raw materials and payment of taxes and charges during the current period; lower cash payments for investment activities and other long-term assets than during the same period of the previous year; net cash flows from fund-raising activities, mainly due to the repayment of obligations and the distribution of dividends and higher interest rates during the current period; and stock turnover days of 62.44 days
Cash paid for fixed, intangible and other long-term assets purchased by the company in the previous three quarters was 70.55 per cent lower than at the beginning of the period, and construction work in progress was carried out on the company ethylene and pta projects during the reporting period.
In the single quarter, the q3 company collected $35,976 million, an increase of 5.83 per cent and a decline of 4.29 per cent; gross profits of $5,755 million, an increase of 57.29 per cent and a growth of 24.46 per cent; and Māori, which now improves on a seasonal basis with a single-season profit passing over $4 billion for the first time in history, surpassing the market.
In the first three quarters of 2020, sales of the company’s main products improved.
In general, the market has stabilized, and the economy has become more stable as the country returns to work.
Helium petrochemicals: record highs in the first half of the year, full ethylene production in the third quarter, and contribution to performance.
The project further opened up the company's strategic "Acetylene-B" for successful upstream refining capacity building. The ethylene feedstocks used in the device were largely produced in upstream refineries and supplied through integrated pipelines, with ethylene design rates of 48% and bifin.
With a 60% rate of harvest, the head effect is becoming more pronounced in the world.  The pta project continues to consolidate its flagship status. Hingli petrochemicals are planned to build 5 million tonnes/year in the Greater Bay petrochemical park in Huaizhou, Guangdong Province.
With its own funds of $3.18 billion, the rest is a bank loan. The project is planned to be completed by the end of 2021, with the construction of two main pta units, 50,000 tons of bulk terminals, etc., with 80-100% elasticity. The company will have 16.6 million tonnes/year after delivery.
The pta production capacity will allow the company to further strengthen its regulatory and cost advantages in the pta industry upstream of the polyester fibre chain. The project is expected to generate an average annual sales income of RMB 21.25 billion. Total profits of RMB 1.206 billion. The company will continue to struggle as a series of future projects land.
In addition, the company has been providing incentives for participation in the 1.5 million tonnes/Old Ethylene Project, 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-4 and 2.5 million tonnes/year pta-5 project construction for key operators and above and for companies and others concerned through the fifth phase of the employee holding scheme.
Industry risks of cyclical fluctuations, less progress in project construction, less demand downstream, safer production risks in enterprises, financial risks, etc.
Guwu, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Complex Materials, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of experience in the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Research Assistant, Master of Chemical Industries, and Bachelor of Chemical Science, Qinghua University.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.