Wisdom Biological (300122.sz) Medicine  Biopharmaceutical  Self-producer Quantities, vaccine taps open up high-growth space
The impact of the vaccine incident has been largely eliminated, and the industrial transformation has been a step ahead: after the Shandong vaccine incident, the sale of type 2 seedlings has been hit, leaving the entire vaccine industry at the bottom of the ground. The country urgently issues a new version of the vaccine circulation regulation, cancels the vaccine distribution chain, is supplied directly by the vaccine production plant to the county-level CDCs, and is responsible for the vaccine products.
In the form of the previous vote, the traditional vaccine industry was destabilized, and the field of vaccine circulation was completely overhauled. According to the distribution data for 2017 and the semi-annual reports of listed companies, the vaccine industry is on the verge of a backlash, and changes in the industry as a whole have ushered in a healthy new development.
In 2016, 327 municipalities, 2,248 districts, and more than 25,400 vaccination points were registered in the provinces. There was a degree of cold-chain logistics system to ensure the quality and efficient transportation of vaccines, and to take the lead in changing industries.
The release of the exclusive ac-hib triple seedlings is imminent, and the approval of the Hpv vaccine significantly increases the company ' s performance elasticity: (1) the ac-hib triple seedlings are the company ' s exclusive heavy-pound product, characterized by a significant reduction in the number of vaccinations and high value for money, which was approved at the end of 2014 and officially sold in mid-2015. The sale of the three seedlings is expected to take place throughout the year 2017.
This year's total revenue is expected to be 840 million yuan, with a net profit of 420 million yuan. (2) The 4-price hpv vaccine seed in Mercado is the second largest vaccine variety in the world, of which gardasil/gardasil 9 achieved sales revenue of 2,173 million dollars in 2016, an increase of 13.89 per cent over the same period, and sales revenue of $1,001 million in the first half of 2017, respectively.
The 4-priced hpv vaccine in Meshadong was registered with cfda in May of this year, corresponding to exclusive authority to represent the 4-priced hpv vaccine in Meshadong, and a number of provinces have now completed tenders with the latest winning bid of $798 per head, requiring a total of $2,394 for a total of three needles, and it is expected that approximately 1.5 million people will be vaccinated next year, or 4.5 million doses.
The company’s elasticity will be greatly enhanced by generating income of 3.55 billion yuan, a net profit of more than 500 million dollars. The company’s medium- and long-term performance growth will be underpinned by the successful follow-up of heavy-pound varieties: (1) the company’s microcard experiment for the prevention of tuberculosis has entered the iii clinical phase and is expected to be blind this year, and the microcard, as a much-needed product, will apply for entry on the market.
Green corridors are expected to be marketed next year. The current use of BCG is more limited in preventing tuberculosis, and microcards can be used for high-risk populations with cellular tuberculosis, with better prevention effects. Microcards need to be inoculated throughout the process.
The company's microcard is expected to be the first to market as a vaccine against tuberculosis in high-risk populations. At the same time, the company's test for tuberculosis bacterium.
The ec diagnostic reagent has also entered the iii clinical phase and is expected to be marketed in 2018-2019, with significant advantages in terms of price and sensitivity. In the future, the company is expected to complete the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of tuberculosis, and the overall tuberculosis prevention and treatment programme is largely in place.
First approval, expected to be on the market in about 2018. The ratarix vaccine ingsk, a competitor for the mercado 5-priced virus vaccine, will not be on the national market for a short time, and the turn-out is clearly better than Rovet in terms of antigenity, safety, and effectiveness than the existing Ranzhou.
When the second child is released, the number of newborns exceeds 20 million a year, and the market space is over 2 billion when measured at a domestic price of 1,000 yuan/3. (3) The 15-priced pneumococcal combinations developed by the company have already received clinical batches, compared to the 13-price pneumococcal combination vaccine in Pfizer.
The Department’s 15-priced combination vaccine for pneumococcals, covering the top 15 serotypes in the Asian region, is also consistent with the country’s dominant serotype distribution, better suited to inoculation by the Asian population, and is also a major and expected product. (i) The first civic camp vaccine company, with core management tied to corporate interests, is the first to operate a vaccine industry.
The company, which began its involvement in the biological industry in 2002, is a biotech company that collects, produces, sells, distributes and distributes vaccines. The main owner uses vaccines, and now sells autonomous products such as Hibacon, Hifibay, Allonwick, Allennacon, Micah, Allennak, and Newmofa, Vicomte.
Private vaccine enterprises listed on the business boards: Figure 1: Corporate development • Formal entry into the bioproducts industry.
• The creation of the Beijing Green Bamboo and the establishment of research and development and production bases; the establishment of Chongqing Ji-in, who is mainly involved in the marketing of biological products, vaccines and generic medicines; and the autonomous development of “ac sugar-combined vaccines” or registered batches.
• A gmp certificate was issued for ac-sugar-combined vaccine, and an acew 135 multi-sugar vaccine was registered — the ac-sugar-combined vaccine and the acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccine were successfully placed on the market;
• Successful listing of the entrepreneurship board; • production of the auto-researched heb vaccine; • listing of the auto-researched ac-hib joint vaccine;
• To finance the establishment of Chongqing wisdom and a large bio-industry, with a simple equity structure in which Jiang In-sheng is the controlling shareholder and actual controller of the company, holding 54.13 per cent of the company's shares, Jiang In-sheng, Chiang Ling Feng and Chiang Hee-sheng are the associates and co-actors, holding 60.36 per cent of the company's shares together with a number of senior managers
There are shares in the company. The company’s core management is tied to its interests and its structure is stable. Figure 2: The company’s equity structure.
Of these, Xianxiaomei was mainly involved in the development, production and marketing of bacterial vaccine products, mainly for the prevention of meningitis and pneumonia; Xiaolong Koma was mainly involved in the development, production and sale of tuberculosis-type biological products and viral vaccines; Chongqing was mainly involved in the sale of generic drugs; and Xiaoqing Hong Kong was mainly involved in the marketing, import and export of biological products, biotechnology cooperation, introduction and marketing.
Selling, investing abroad in financing operations; Quinoa Harbour is mainly involved in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of major diseases such as the import and export of goods related to biological products, brokering exports, technology imports and exports; the Sense investment of participating subsidiaries is mainly in the management of investments in him, in enterprises; precision organisms revolve around neoplasms, and self-immunisation disorders.
Major scientific problems affecting human health, such as diseases, metabolic diseases and degenerative diseases, are applied as entry points for individualized medical care and research using genetic sequencing, molecular diagnostic techniques for big data analysis, precision biotherapy (car-t, tcr-t, car-nk), stem cell regeneration, and target drugs.
(ii) The impact of industrial events has been largely eliminated, with a clear rebound in performance in the tens of thousands of yuan, a decline of 83.53 per cent in the same year, and a significant impact on net profits. Corporate performance has recovered significantly since 2017. Companies increased their income and net interest rates in the first half of 2017, respectively.
142.01 per cent and 1,326.96 per cent of this total, q2 quarter of 2017 realized operating income of $283 million, an increase of 603.34 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $111 million, an increase of 336.37 per cent in the same year. Corporate performance increased significantly, on the one hand, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, the company ' s performance declined significantly during the same period in 2016, with a lower base for the same period last year, and, on the other hand, during the same period in 2015
Operating income and net profits were $385 million and $108 million, respectively, and this year’s firm’s performance recovered rapidly and exceeded its 2015 level, largely in line with our expectations. Quarterlyly, the company’s performance fell to the bottom in the second quarter of 2016, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident.
The net profit loss was significant, but then there was a clear recovery in corporate performance, which doubled in 2016 compared to the second quarter of the first quarter of the year, and the net profit loss was significantly reduced. By the fourth quarter of 2016, the company’s revenue level had largely returned to normal levels and the net profit had been successfully restored. After 2017, the firm’s performance rebounded even more dramatically.
In terms of Māori rates, the company’s Māori rate has shown an upward trend compared to previous years, with Māori rates in the first half of 2017. The vaccine industry has introduced a single vote, vaccine manufacturers have sold vaccines to district CDCs, and prices have risen, leading to an increase in Māori rates.
In terms of net interest rates, the company ' s net interest rate rose by 38.59 per cent in the first half of 2017, compared to the same period last year, with a recovery in company performance and an increase in the Māori rate, on the one hand, and a relative decrease in the cost rate for the period resulting from the increase in the scale of vaccine sales, on the other hand, and an increase in the cost for the period, on the other hand, resulting from a change in marketing patterns leading to an increase in the cost of costing and a marked increase in the cost for the period, on the other hand.
The company’s sales cost rose by $107 million in the first half of 2017, an increase of 38.07 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the company’s near-stagnating sales of seedlings in the second quarter of last year, the gradual recovery of the market this year, the gradual expansion of publicity and the intensification of market promotion; management costs of $79.09 million, an increase of 17.60 per cent in the same year; and financial costs of $6.39 million, an increase of 30.51 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of borrowing.
Interest increases. In terms of the cost of the period, the cost of company sales, management and financial costs are 24.02 per cent, respectively. (iii) The variety of home-grown products is abundant and the proxy Mercerton products are rich in vaccine products, of which the home-grown products sold include ac-combined vaccines, b-type haemophilus influenzae vaccine, and b-type haemophilus influenzae vaccine.
Ac-hib Triple vaccine, acyw 135 cerebral multi-sugar vaccine, microcarda, while the company is also acting as agent for the 23-priced pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, hepatitis A eradication vaccine and the 4-priced hpv vaccine in Mercado.
(i) In the absence of a consensus on the prevention of disease, the second type of seedlings is of high investment value, and vaccination is the most immediate and effective method of preventing infectious diseases. From the point of view of health economics, the cost-effectiveness of using vaccines is 1:2 to 1:27, which means saving between $2 and $27 for every dollar invested in vaccination.
Benefits, and increasing numbers of countries and governments are beginning to give priority to vaccine development and vaccination. According to the latest release of Worldpreview 2016, outbookto2022, global vaccine sales in 2015 were $27.6 billion, and the vaccine market remains very wide as governments and people are becoming more aware of prevention.
In broad development space, the industry is expected to maintain a steady growth rate of about 5% in the future, reaching about $40 billion in 2022 and 11 billion in 2013, but representing only 0.5% of the total pharmaceutical industry, with a significant difference from the global level of 2.5%. The vaccine industry is expected to grow in the future.
In our country, the vaccine system consists mainly of type I and type II seedlings, one of which is provided free of charge by the government and is compulsory. Moreover, the price of the type I seedlings is low, and the Māori rate is low.
Overall, the price of type II seedlings is higher than the price of category I seedlings and the rate of vaccinations is much lower than the rate of category I, for example, influenza vaccine, with less than 2 per cent of the population at risk in the country, while the coverage rate for developed European and United States countries has generally reached 20-30 per cent, Canada has reached 45 per cent intake levels, and other types of seedlings such as hib vaccine, water pox vaccine, rotavirus vaccine, etc., have low vaccination rates for children and type II vaccine.
The low rate of vaccinations holds huge market space. On the other hand, in recent years, there has been a sustained breakthrough in research and development of second- and second-kind products, which have been placed on the market successively with considerable profit margins, and we believe that second-kind products are of high investment value. (ii) Vaccine circulation has been reshaped, and vaccine promotion enterprises have been reformed in the winter.
In March 2016, the Shandong vaccine outbreak, involving up to $570 million in vaccines of all types, caused the entire vaccine industry to fall into a cold winter due to the difficulty of marketing the second type of seedlings on the market. On a quarterly basis, the company’s revenues and net profits were severely reduced in the second quarter of 2016 by 78.62 per cent and 178.06 per cent respectively, but the net profits fell by 78.62 per cent and 178.06 per cent, respectively.
The company’s performance then improved gradually, with revenue and net profits rising at the same rate in the first quarter of 2017, and data for 2017 q2 suggest a significant increase in the company’s performance. It is worth noting that the cause of the problem with the Shandong vaccine incident was not a poison vaccine, but not a vaccine product produced by the manufacturer.
In April 2016, Li Xiang signed a State Department order to publish the State Council's Decision on the Revision of the Vaccine Flows.
(b) In June 2016, the Directorate-General for the Supervision of Food Drugs and the National Commission for Health Planning issued a circular on the implementation of the new amendments, specifying the specific requirements for the implementation of the new regulations and the distribution of vaccines during the transition period.
A major focus of this revision of vaccine circulation regulations has been a change in the mode of circulation of type two seedlings, before which vaccine production companies, in addition to supplying vaccines directly to CDCs, can commission vaccine wholesalers to sell them in the form of distribution. The new version of the vaccine circulation companies, in turn, have denied the existence of vaccine distributors.
In accordance with the revised rules on circulation, the procurement plan for type II seedlings is proposed by the vaccination unit, the district CDCs are consolidated and submitted to the provincial CDCs, which organize centralized procurement throughout the province through the provincial public resources trading platform to determine the production, variety, specifications, and prices of the winning product.
The new version of the regulations eliminates the circulars for vaccine distribution companies to operate vaccines, and the disease control agencies, vaccination units, establish real and complete records of purchase, receipt, etc., so that the tickets, accounts, goods, and payments are consistent. The changes in the new regulations to eliminate distributors are subversive, and most vaccine-producing companies used to sell them on a distribution basis.
As vaccines are sold and some vaccine-producing enterprises often sell their own vaccines while others are selling them, the amendments to this regulation have had a significant impact on vaccine producers, with a marked decline in their performance. At the same time, major manufacturers are actively adjusting their sales patterns and setting up direct distribution teams.
An agent should be designated in the country, so that it has little impact on the agent importing the vaccine.