26/08/2022 Increase in new clients and orders for security operations, 3600 (601360.sh)
The company released its semi-annual report for 2022, which generated $4,824 million in revenue during the reporting period.
According to Li Xing, corporate security and other business income for the reporting period was $1,038 million, a decrease of 21.96 per cent compared to the previous period, which was due more to the impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year.
Budget cuts. We believe that the Net Security industry has a seasonal identity, that income in the second half of the year is relatively high and that growth in corporate income is expected to be stable; and that income from Internet operations is expected to recover in the second half of the year as the epidemic slows down.
The safety brain framework has been upgraded, new clients and orders have been growing steadily, and cities have been expanding steadily. During the reporting period, the total number of new signatures increased by nearly 30 per cent over the same period, with the number of new signatures for regional operations increasing by nearly 50 per cent over the same period, the amount of new signatures increasing by over 30 per cent over the same year, and the number of new signatures completed in Suzhou and Qing.
On the product side, company perception based on the digital safety brain has increased by more than 70 per cent compared to the product orders of the Xdr Safe Operation Platform; Ndr products have increased by more than 1.5 times the value of the purchase orders; and cyberspace mapping products have increased by more than one million years.
80 per cent; in March 2022, the company took the lead in publicly disclosing the representative cyber-weapons used by the United States National Security Agency (NSA) against targets in China — the Quantum (Quantum) offensive platform, which was cited by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and whose product strength was validated.
Security operations are well under way, and companies’ security capabilities are assured, looking at the future of the company, and maintaining a “prudentially recommended” rating. Risks are not as high as expected: product R & D and project acceptance are not as fast as expected.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
He has a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology companies, and in 2019 he joined the University of Sydney as a member of the Chinese Galaxy Portfolio, mainly in computer/technic investment studies.