A robust growth in performance, driven by 5g demand, high performance Research Assistant Yao Jiuhua : April 28, 2019 and 2020 o1, 2019
Net profit of 167 million yuan, or 22.91 per cent more than the previous year; operating income of 157 million yuan in q1 in 2020, an increase of 37.39 per cent over the same period in the previous year.
New product lines, which by 2019 had formed 13 product lines, awg, fa, box, etc., have gradually entered the production phase of scale, and high-end, high-quality new products have expanded their harvest to promote high-quality growth in economic performance.
Inc. 100% equity, expanding overseas markets to serve more high-end customers globally, is consistent with the Department’s global industry profile. At present, companies are able to achieve large-scale, high-quality product delivery by localizing their production base.
▪ The new infrastructure for science and technology accelerates the demand for light communications in the 5g era: since 2020, the central high-level, high-profile, new-tech infrastructure, 5g and data centre certainty upgrades have stimulated more incremental demand for light devices and upgrading needs. In addition, the global 5g network has entered commercial construction based on heavy.
Reading projects that global telecommunications operators will invest more than $200 billion over the next five years in the 5g network, and that data centre light module rates will continue to be upgraded by more than 400 g over the next five years, all of which will contribute to the growth of opportunities and demand for a new round of development in the lightware industry.
▪ Continuously extra-coded R & D inputs, high-speed light engines: companies target both "business objectives" and "quality targets" , continuously increase R & D inputs, steadily promote high-end new product R & D, and maintain industry-wide R & D leadership. Aim for market demand of 400g, 800g, and 5g in telecommunications.
The company is actively promoting high-speed light engines such as silicon chip integration for the project, and we believe that in the future it will outperform expectations and benefit from the 5g dividend, which could significantly enhance the combined competitive power of light communication.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: we keep watching the future business development of Skyfoil, projected to be 2020-plus high-speed light engines, and strengthen core production
5g and data centre needs risk: risk of deterioration of the operating environment overseas.
Accomplishing sustained robust growth in performance 2020 - 1. Growth in revenue and net profits at the same time 28 April, the 2019 report and the first quarter of 2020 report were published by the Wirtschaftsprüfer, with a 2019 business start-up.
523 million yuan, an increase of 18.07 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 167 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 22.91 per cent in the same year, with a basic gain of 0.84 yuan per share. q1 achieved business income of 157 million yuan in 2020, a steady increase over the same period in the previous year in the company ' s performance in 2019 and 2020q1, mainly due to the volume of new product lines and overseas production.
Market sales have been driven by higher growth, while government subsidies and increased fiscal revenue have contributed to net profit performance. 1.1. New products have grown in volume, enriched by the strategic layout of multiple types of non-sourced devices, and Skyfu communications has developed over a decade and become a leading enterprise in the core components of the global optical apparatus.
The Division has developed an integrated layout of 13 product lines and seven product solutions that provide vertical integration for downstream clients, while advancing business development, the company has actively promoted the global industrial layout, which has now been developed with Suzhou as its headquarters and R & D centre, Japan, Jiangxi as its R & D branch and volume base, the United States, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan as its sales branch.
The network layout, with its efficient operational capability, is based on the advantage of localization of the Totangxi production base, which guarantees the production and rapid delivery of scale with product quality. In 2019, the foil communication was covered with the "High-end Unsourced Devices as a Whole Solution" and the "High-Range Light Devices as an Oem"
Two major business plates are built on new product lines, such as awg, fa, and box, which can gradually expand into a large-scale production order, thereby achieving high-quality growth in business performance. As the light communication industry competes more intensively, most products are on a downward trend, but Skyfoil is managed efficiently.
Production of both size and size continues to achieve a higher Māori ratio of more than 50 per cent of high quality than competitors in the same industry. 1.2. Introduction of more high-quality customers and continued high growth in overseas market sales. 3 December 2018, Tienfu Communications acquired tfc held by Lipingli at $100.
The acquisition helped companies to open overseas operations and better serve their customers abroad. The introduction of more high-quality offshore customers allowed companies to keep their overseas market sales growing at a higher rate than their gross operating income ratio.
Figure 5: Business income from Skyfu communications by region (millions of yuan) 2. Targeting the two objectives of “business plus quality” to consolidate core competitiveness.
Moreover, companies will continue to strengthen business analysis and improve production efficiency and efficiency in order to achieve higher yields.
We believe that Skyfu communications, through sustained R & D and improved business performance, will continuously strengthen its core competitiveness to capture more market shares and further achieve high-quality growth in business performance.
In terms of three fees, communications has been effective in improving business performance over the past five years, with smooth administrative costs, sales rates and financial costs stablely at lower levels. In 2019, the company ' s administrative (including R & D) rate reached 16.48 per cent, sales rate 1.72 per cent and financial cost rate - 0.66 per cent, respectively.
2.2. Operating cash flows have performed well in the last five years, and net cash flows from telecommunications activities in the air have been stable, rising from $103 million in 2015 to $177 million in 2019. Meanwhile, cash received for the sale of goods and services continued to rise from 2015 to 2019.
As the demand for information increases, the light communication industry will move towards greater bandwidth and speed of transmission.
Rates, higher integration of chips and lower power lines, and light communications technology and iot, cloud computing, among others, are expected to occur. According to heavyreading, global telecommunications operators will invest more than $200 billion in 5g over the next five years.
Investments are projected at $18.3 billion, bringing the total number of new 5g base stations to more than 650,000. More high-speed optical devices will be generated by products from 5g scenes.
The above-mentioned renovations have created new opportunities for the development of the lightware industry. 4. Continuous extension research and development, deployment of high-speed light engines, communications from the Fertilde are focused on technology development, bringing together a large number of highly qualified professionals from both within and outside the country, and new products from multiple product lines.
In 2019, companies invested $56 million in R & D, an increase of 33.67 per cent over the previous year, and obtained good benefits, with a number of production lines, such as awg, fa, box, gradually increasing through the R & D certification of key clients.
In the face of the need to upgrade the next generation of high-speed products, Skyfu communications has been active in research and development responses, along with the construction of a high-speed light-loading Oem platform to further enhance the competitiveness of the current market for high-end unsourced devices. From 2017 to 2019, the number of R & D personnel and the amount of R & D investment by companies has steadily increased, forming a R & D team of 238 by the end of 2019; and
According to the company ' s 2020 business plan, the company will continue to invest more in research and development to enhance the core competitiveness of the high-speed optical packaging industry and high-end non-sourcedware business, thereby taking a greater share of the market. The company plans to promote to chip wrapping, product development and volume production, and to provide customers with a full package of 5g pre-lighting modules; and to target 5g commercial and data.
In addition, to meet the global demand for high-end customers, the company will actively promote a non-public 2020 equity fund-raising project.
See, high-speed light engines such as the layout laser integration chip, silicon-chip integration, which greatly enhances the company’s future competitiveness in the market at the centre of 5 g and numeracy.
Risks of less than expected demand for high-end light modules; risk of increased competition in the lightware market; deterioration of the operating environment abroad