q1 exceeded expectations, benefited from a 5g dividend, and continued to look after the outstanding research assistant Yao Jiuhua event: 9 April, Fly News released a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020: 1 quarter of 2020
Realization of the net return to the mother: 44 million yuan - 51 million yuan, an increase of 30-50 per cent over the same period last year. Performance: good overseas market expansion, robust performance growth: Tianfu communication actively opens overseas markets, actively promotes global industrial layout, taking advantage of regional advantages, United States, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Wuhan.
The net distribution of the sales branch has resulted in an increase in the collection ratio of the sales arm and a further increase in the profit margin; in the same time as government subsidies and revenue management, the net profit impact on shareholders belonging to listed companies is expected to be approximately $6 million to $6.5 million.
• Continuous extension of R & D to speed up the layout of product lines: with senior cross-country technology R & D, now in shape with Suzhou as its headquarters and R & D centre, Japan and Jiangxi as its R & D branch and volume base, with emphasis on strengthening R & D inputs for high-speed, hard core technology products: maintaining high-end markets
Positioning, extension of product line layout, improvement of product value ratio, building and expansion of Osaoodm high-speed optical devices, light isolation devices, high-density cable connectors, fibre-optic lens arrays, etc.
During the peak period of network building, the three major operators continued to add 5g to their investment in network construction, which is expected to be 600,000,5g base station in 2020. We believe that, from an industry perspective, 5g network construction is expected to lead to the continued release of the prelight module: from corporate communications as the only light module in the country, the one-stop shop.
Dealing with service providers, as product lines expand, the value of products rises; no two-way drive for robust future performance growth. Add a high-speed light engine to strengthen core products
Advantages, 5g and demand driven by data centres. Consistent with expectations, the expansion of new product lines has been successful Risks: the risk of deterioration of the operating environment abroad: the risk of increased competition in the lightware market.
3 Fow Communications (300394); Table Communications: Three-quarter performances in line with expectations, light
The communications market continues to be favourable, and the “one-stop” solution has been instrumental in achieving a steady improvement in the performance of Dong Wu Securities Inc., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.