The first quarter of 2020 was a review of the performance of Tianfu Communications (300394).
In the first quarter of 2020, the company issued a performance forecast. Wei Hongme is expected to achieve a net return profit in the first quarter of 2020.
S03403040002, representing a 40% increase in the median net profit of 4742.41 million yuan. During the reporting period, net profit is expected to increase from the same period in the previous year, due to the company's active expansion of the overseas market, with external sales accounting for one share of the revenue.
In the first quarter of 2020, the research assistant: Xiaolang, our country was affected by the new crown epidemic, and the company was constrained to resume work.
5g and the data centres are important new capitalists, and the light communication industry chain will benefit. On 21 February 2020, the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China convened a meeting that emphasized the promotion of accelerated development of the 5g network, the industrial Internet, etc.
On 4 March 2020, the Standing Committee of the Central Political Office of the Communist Party of China met and noted that the new consumption and upgrading of consumption generated by the prevention and control of the epidemic had grown, allowing the consumption of goods and services to be replenished. The construction of new infrastructure, such as the 5g network, data centres, etc., had to be accelerated.
On 6 June, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics held a 5g Development Acceleration Meeting to learn more about the follow-up to the important speech of Xi Jinping Secretary General on accelerating progress in the development of new infrastructure such as the 5g network and data centres.
So, if the 5g network is built and the data centre is built at an accelerated rate, the light-communication industry chain will benefit. The company position is upstream of the light module, and the fixed-increment project will help improve the company’s competitiveness.
Modules are a key link to the PV conversion system, which ensures that light communications are carried out properly. Tianfu-tung, where the message is located up the chain of the PV industry, the company currently has 10 major product lines and seven solutions, and the company relies on the vertical integration capabilities of the industrial chain and is strategically positioned in the field of PV advanced optical electronic manufacturing.
In addition, the company released a 2020 target increase plan to raise $786 million for a high-speed light engine project for 5 g and data centres. Currently, the demand for high-performance light modules has increased with the construction of 5g network and idc. The company is expected to raise funds for investment.
To further upgrade the company ' s own scientific research technology and build on existing research and development platforms to strengthen the company ' s product development and process development in the area of high-speed light engine products. In addition, project implementation will further enrich the strategic layout of the company ' s core products, building on the existing product structure.
The Board met the market demand for high-speed light engine products in the 5g and data centre, and increased company competition. The rating system's “market index” reference point was 300 indexes.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.