The company reports three quarters of China's power (600482.sh) bowing to the forest.
The company issued a three-quarterly report of $16.490 billion in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 9.12 per cent, a net return to the mother of $807 million, an increase of 21.92 per cent and an increase of 0.47 per cent.
2. Our analysis and judgement (i) the steady growth in performance and the significant effectiveness of civil-military integration The net return on and from the companies during the first three quarters of the year increased by 9.12 per cent and 21.92 per cent, respectively,
This is reflected in higher revenues, mainly as a result of the steady growth in high Maori military holdings and the fall in cost rates over time, as well as a significant increase in the return on investment in fund-raising. The company’s revenue structure has improved steadily since the beginning of the year, accounting for 18% of military goods in the first half of the year, and the relative share of public goods.
(ii) There has been steady progress in internal integration, with new growth points emerging. Corporate operations cover seven major powered business plates and are the most fully powered public divisions in the country. Since the restructuring, companies have continued to specialize in existing assets, during the reporting period.
With the establishment of the low-speed diesel engine management platform, China’s ship-stalking platform, and the active promotion of chemical and medium-speed diesel power integration programmes, future synergies are expected to emerge. Business markets such as company gas power, naval nuclear power, and full power have broken down considerably, taking into account the country’s huge size.
The gas-powered state-owned alternative space and nuclear power, and full-power market demand space can be expected to become a new growth pole for companies in the future. Moreover, when companies are restructured, the associated financing price increases are 29.58 (iii) equity incentives are implemented, and state-owned reforms are expected to continue.
We believe that, as the institutionalization and securitization of assets continue to advance, companies are not yet expected to benefit from the process of securitization of assets in the power plate. In March 2017, the company came into being to stimulate growth and contribute to the sustainable development of the company.
The company has a valuation advantage and a margin of security for investment, and as new growth points in its operations continue to be exchanged, it is expected that the value of the company will gradually become more visible and that the “recommended” rating will be maintained.