On 13 September 2020, a high-quality track in the chemical luminous industry, a leading national company: our chemical luminous industry market, was created.
The scale has increased at a rate of over 20% in recent years, reaching nearly 30 billion in 2019, but less than 20% of the country’s enterprises. We measure that the company will achieve it in 2022, benefiting from an increase in penetration rates at the grass-roots level and accelerated import substitution for level III hospitals, nationalization, equity incentive targets and the number of installed platforms, single-stage output.
Domestic revenues are expected to outpace 6 billion (including instruments) in industry, 2.5 billion overseas, and the first and most prominent headlines in the country. The high-speed ratio has increased, single-stage output has increased significantly, and domestic income has grown significantly: the new industry has grown in 2019.
In the first half of 2020, more than 50% of the company ' s high-speed machines were added, especially the world ' s top x8 instrument, which was largely sold, and the engine structure continued to be optimized. At the same time, the company worked with Samir and Yokoki on waterline products.
In the second half of 2020, it is expected to accelerate access to large level III hospitals, with a further increase in the share of high-yielding machines. In reagent projects, the company testing menus are growing. In four mainstream projects, tumours and karma are the company’s traditional strength, and the share of post-operative infections in the first eight will increase significantly.
In the case of the hormonal amh, approved in 2019, the market has greater potential. In the case of niche projects, the company has the largest variety of items, and projects such as heart tags, sugar metabolites, self-help, liver fibres are expected to continue to be released in the future.
At the grass-roots and tertiary hospital stock markets. We measure the output of the company's single luminometer in 2021 at 232,000 per year, an increase of more than 30 per cent over 2019, the gradual entry of the domestic chemical luminous operations into high-end markets in 2021, and the continued acceleration of overseas operations: the pre-existing accumulation of the new industries overseas.
The company’s overseas operations have two major marginal variables: 1) the company’s products are entering new high-end markets in countries or regions such as Russia, Brazil, and Western Europe, and the installation of high-speed machines will be accelerated; 2) the detection projects are expanding and the overseas reagent registration projects are gradually adopted, single-stage.
At the same time, the new crown epidemic has contributed significantly to the increase in profits in the short term, facilitating the entry of public goods into large- and medium-sized hospital terminals in Europe and America in the long term. We expect companies to continue to move at a rate of 732 million yuan from overseas chemical lighting operations in 2021, despite the impact of the new crown.
▪ The Chairman is a pioneer in the country in terms of chemical light, management's dedication, professionalism and motivation: the Director and management of the Department's extensive industry experience helped companies to steer their business.
It's 58, 43, 33 times higher. Given that the company is a national chemical-breeding leader, the first time it's a high-quality investment track, the country's leading industry has a major share, 1.1. Chemical-light track is high-growth, and the country's product market is still low.
The chemical luminous industry is large and growing rapidly, with a low share of producers in the country. In 2019, our chemical luminous market was about 30 billion yuan, representing more than 30 per cent of the overall market in ivd, and in the last five years cagr was about 30 per cent, well above the overall 16 per cent increase in the ivd sector.
In 2010, the new industry launched the first country to produce a fully automated chemical luminometer, marking the end of a monopoly on the import of chemical luminous markets. To date, however, in our chemical luminous markets, the import brands of Rhodes, Yape, Beckman, and Siemens remain in absolute control.
In 2018, the total market share was more than 80%, while the combined share of the national product plate was only 12.5%, the market size was about 3 billion, and the market size of the national product alternative space was huge. The new industry accounted for about 3.6% of the market share of the national product plate, which was a national product chemical.
Chemical luminous technologies tend to lead to a decline in the costs of maturity and market penetration in the industrial process. With the ageing population, the number of medical consultations in our country is increasing, with 34,000 in general hospitals and primary health care facilities increasing to 53,000 in 2018. As of 2018, the luminometers were in level III, II and I medical care.
There are about 1.5, 3.3, 0.5 million installed in the hospital and 7%, 23% and 9% in the past three years, respectively. Of these, level III hospitals are less price-sensitive, with high-end radiometers, dominated by importers. At the same time, level III hospitals have a larger number of luminescencers, with a higher output of single instrument reagents, and are the main field for future immunization diagnostics.
In the future, it is expected that the level-I hospital and primary health-care facilities will be opened up in large sinking spaces, and that low-speed chemical luminators will be at the grass-roots market.
Figure 4: Number of luminous devices installed in hospitals at all levels in China
Figure 3: Number of primary health-care institutions and general hospitals in China 1.2. The market is expected to be more than 25 billion yuan by 2025.
There are high barriers to the chemical luminous industry, and the instrument reagents under the closed system are resonant. The main features of the chemical luminous industry are: 1) the low concentration of the substances detected (μg/l-pg/l) and the high level of precision required for the instrumentation and ancillary reagents in the detection system.
Integrating cutting-edge technologies in a variety of fields, such as biology, chemistry, optics. Unlike biochemical diagnostics, the system for diagnosing chemical luminum immunisation is completely closed, leading to a strong correlation between instrumentation and reagent revenues, and chemical luminous enterprises rely mainly on higher rates of reagent sales for their profits.
Greater sex, the sale of reagents, the sale of instruments, after-sales, etc. on the terminal market, and so on, creates a positive feedback mechanism within the country, along with the mathema effect in the theatre industry. Bipolarization is a trend, and the research and development capabilities of enterprises and the quality of products are the cornerstone.
Controlled, the cost of diagnosis goes down. At the same time, the demand for in vitro diagnostic products in hospitals is becoming polarized: the general hospital requires high flux, efficient, sensitive testing products, instrument automation, testing, modularization and initial integration, and is now “harmonized” (a combination of one or a set of instruments) into the tla stream.
The basic level hospitals need small-scale diagnostic instruments that are relatively fast, affordable, and stable. Industry polarization. Development of higher requirements for the construction of enterprise product matrices, future R & D advantages and high product prices and layout.
Figure 5: Per capita medical cost increases for outpatients in China are controlled, Figure 6: Business strategies in a two-tier chemical light market
Based on the current growth rate in industry and the projected municipal presence of national production, the market size of the national chemical luminous market is expected to rise to 2025, and the penetration rate of the chemical luminous instrumentation terminals, the level II hospital penetration rate, and the national production of the tertiary hospital as an alternative to the guaranteed national chemical luminous market, are expected to be large. By 2025, we expect that the level III hospital will have an average of eight chemical luminators on average.
Five of these are imported, and three are produced in the country; on average, the level II hospital has four home-made luminometers; and each level I hospital and ungraded hospital has one home-grown chemical luminometer, with a total of more than 70,000 chemical luminometers installed in 2025. Based on the current cumulative capacity of the national chemical luminometer, it is expected that the national product plate will have about 35 to 40 thousand increment space.
The size of the market will be 26.6 billion in 2025, based on the number of hospitals at all levels in June 2020. New industries, Anto and Mike, based on the volume and speed of the major brands in 2019, and the expected output of single stations in 2025.
In 2025, the country’s revenues from chemical reagents will reach 56, 55, and 3.5 billion, respectively. Adding to that, the new industry will see its revenues from chemical luminous operations fall by 6 billion (and, according to the company’s projected growth in overseas operations, its overseas revenues are expected to reach 2.5 billion in 2025).
1.3. The detection project and the increase in the number of installed machines, and the short-term performance of the national chemical luminous enterprises, which are more or less certain, have gone through two stages: (a) the initial stage of the development of the domestic chemical luminous enterprises, which have completed the development of instruments and the registration of reagents for the mainstream testing projects, which have lasted approximately five to six years. (b) the stage of fragmentation, which has led to the development of the enterprise.
As a result of the closure of the chemical light system, chemical luminators rely mainly on two points to raise their income: (1) increase in single-organic output; (2) increase in the number of instruments installed.
At present, the country’s chemical-luminous plant has a growing programme of reagent testing, with a rapid increase in capacity, a strong internal growth momentum and short-term performance improvements. National producers of chemical-reagent-testing have been developing and gradually bridging the gap with foreign brands.
With regard to the installation of waterlines, Anto issued the country’s first bio-chemical stream in 2017 and obtained a registration permit for Nmpa in 2018, followed by new industries, Mike, etc., which are also being produced in the military stream. The layout of waterlines for domestic producers is still in the early stages, but is progressing rapidly.
In terms of current loading and single-stage instrument output, national producers are characterized by the highest output of Anto biogenic single-desk machines in 2019, the low base of Mike's bio-loading and the large space for future upgrades, and the current highest installed base in the new industry, but the lowest output per unit. In the next three years, the new industry is expected to rise to double peaks in faster loads and higher single-desk output.
2. The high-speed power ratio, the abundance of testing projects, will result in a significant increase in domestic single-stage output, with 2.1.4 advantages to ensure core competitiveness, and one-stop output is expected to increase significantly
In contrast to other national competitors, the output of single machines is significantly lower than that of the new industry, despite the fact that it currently has the highest number of installed platforms. This is mainly due to 1) the high proportion of small machines installed in the new industry, which results in lower output, and 2) the share of revenue in the new industry ' s distribution model is about 95%, and the company ' s past instruments are sold rather than delivered, without reducing the distribution volume.
Ben, do not make a single output requirement; 3) prior to the company’s incomplete certification of the eight pre-operatives, the project’s coverage was inadequate, and some clients were lost. However, we believe that the company has four main advantages to ensure core competitiveness.
Figure 9: National production of chemical luminous plant units with single-stage output (millions/year, 2019) 2.1.1. Product matrix feathers are full, large- and medium-sized instruments are enhanced, streaming lines are marketed in the field of diagnostics of chemical lumination in the new industry, product layout is comprehensive, and in recent years there has been a focus on large- and medium-sized instruments.
For 25 years, the company had a complete chemical luminous product line, with a fully automated chemical luminescence analyser and an accompanying reagent earning more than 95% of its total income. As of 30 June 2020, the company had eight fully automated luminous immunoanalysis units.
On this basis, the company has been strengthening the layout of large- and medium-sized instruments in recent years by introducing maglumi 4000 plus and maglumix8, respectively. x8 is a high-transmission, high-end, large chemical luminometer that can form a flow of water lines with a speed of 600 t/h, the fastest-tested machine in the current market.
Maglumi 600 and Maglumi800 have the same performance and meet the immuno-diagnostic needs of primary health-care institutions. The company’s matrix is comprehensive, the luminometer is excellent, and is consistent with the future trend of polarization in the vd industry.
Measuring systems. Biolumi 8,000 can configure different quantities of chemical hair analysis modules according to the end user ' s needs and introduce an innovative 4-track model, adding a dedicated path to the immune module to the mainstream 3 orbits of international manufacturers, avoiding orbital congestion and increasing the efficiency of orbiting in emergency situations, quality control, etc.
With regard to the tla flow line, in 2019 the company co-sponsored with Samir the complete automation of the satlars-tca laboratory, a holistic solution using the Samir flight open laboratory automation system, while the company worked with Japan to assemble the current waterline with the new production of Maglumix8 plus the Japanese, which combined strongly to build the current city.
The company’s two tla current lines are about to be fully opened in the second half of 2020, and it is expected that in the future, the company’s current line products will quickly penetrate to level III hospitals based on dependent performance advantages, leading to increased reagents and performance.
Figure 10: Biolumi 8000 CBI performance parameters Figure 11: Satlars-tca run-water linear parameters . Immunization: 600t/h; biochemical: 1600t/h; centrifuge: 400 tubes/h
Immunisation: 280t/h; biochemistry: 1600t/h; electrolytic: 1000t/h. Sample processing flux up to 1,500 tubes/h, reprocessing refrigeration system per . sample handling: 280 samples simultaneously
We expect that there will be a major restructuring of the company's products in the future. At present, of the 6860 installed in the company, about 70% are low-speed. And Maglumix8 has excellent performance, with a single output of more than 1 million. In the first half of 2020,
The company sold 168 x8 analysers and 308 additional high-speed fully automated chemical luminators (maglumi 4000p + maglumix8), representing 50.41% of all new luminators. In the future, the company’s large- and medium-sized luminometer capacity will expand, and it is expected to accelerate access to hospitals through the sale of single machines and the formation of stream lines.
At the grass-roots bottom market, companies are looking at products with a smaller size than product X3, but speed and load are comparable to those of large and medium-sized machines, allowing for the replacement of immune modules. In the case of biochemical testing, the company owns the biossays full-automatic biochemical analyser series, which will be configured with a chemical luminometer. At the same time, there has been a slight change in the company’s marketing policy, with large and medium-sized chemical luminators pricing.
In the future, medium- and large-scale instruments and water-line products will lead to improvements in the structure of the company's products, which will result in a rapid increase in the consumption of single reagents and, consequently, in the output of single units.
In the current income structure of the new industrial reagents project, the share of tumour markers and thyroid reagents is relatively high, at 36% and 17%. According to China’s share in the chemical light market, the share of tumours, thyroid function, hormones, and infectious disease testing is higher, totalling more than 70%.
Figure 12: Income from reagents in the new industry of 2019 (billions) As of 30 June 2020, the company ' s chemically luminous immuno-diagnostic analysis had 151 accompanying reagents projects, of which 126 have been registered as domestic products.
With regard to tumours, the challenge is greatest in four major mainstream projects, where the company has a larger share of income than the antigens from numerous neoplasm projects, such as the national production of chemicals, while the company is increasing the number of tests of markers, the development of future projects focusing on tumour markers such as lung cancer, stomach cancer and lung cancer, tpa tissue antigens, progrp gastrogen release precursors, pivka--
In the thyroid sector, the company's thyroid products have gained a certain advantage, with a complete set of five alpha reagents, such as thyroid tsh, serum triiodine, ammonium t3, which have been approved by the fda.
In the case of hormones, the company ' s reproductive hormone amah (anti-mule pulmonary hormone) project was approved in 2019.
One of the mainstream testing projects in large and medium-sized health institutions, which enabled a reliable and rapid evaluation of the ovarian stock function, was informed of the number of eggs that could form in women’s ovaries, thus learning about women’s reproductive capacity and the onset of menopause. Trends such as declining birth rates, the liberalization of second-born children, and the increase in the number of older mothers are gradually driving the development of the amh project, which is expected to take place in the future.
In addition to gland hormones, the company has developed a number of developmental growth (gh growth hormones, insulin-i factors, etc.) and endocrine hormones, such as adrenal adrenaline, which are expected to develop rapidly in the future.
In terms of communicable diseases, it was a weakness of the company. The first eight of the company's first surgeries were filled with syphilis, AIDS, and acquired by the end of 2018. As the number of Level II hospital surgeries rose after the outbreak, it is expected that the first eight will lead to high growth in the company's performance. In the future, the company will focus on the development of hepatitis A virus antibodies, human lymphocytes i and ii.
Infectious disease detection projects such as type antibodies (htlvi, ii) and Gramoxin antibodies will further strengthen the corporate field of infectious diseases by 2.1.3. Features: testing menus are the most abundant, differential competitions are the breakthroughs, new industries are introduced by segmentation and specialty projects, and direct contact with other manufacturers can be avoided, taking advantage of differential strategies.
As of June 2020, the new industry had 70 special projects in addition to the four mainstream projects, leading in the number of detection projects in the areas of muscle and heart signs, auto-resistant antibodies, sugar metabolites, and eb viruses.
In addition to these homogenization projects, such as bnp (sodium sodium), tnl (calcium protein), ck-mb (myoacrylate enzymes and industrial enzymes), the company also has special projects such as cretin, hypersensitive calcium protein, which are branded as foreign imports.
According to the future reagent research and development programme, as of 30 June 2020, a total of 37 new reagent products had been registered and were in the ODCCP audit phase; 12 new reagents had been taken.
In addition to improving the screening menu for mainstream projects, the company’s main areas of research and development include 1) its own immune antibodies testing project.
As of 2019, there were approximately 50 million people who were free of disease, while the number of people suffering from diabetes was close to 120 million. The new industry has a large market space for future niche projects, relying on research and development inputs, and the company will gradually upgrade the accuracy and level of project testing.
From a technical point of view, the company’s four main research and development platforms and the direct chemical core technology build the moat, unique methods, and learning from the company’s specialty. To date, the new industry has established nanoimmagnetic microballs, fully automated chemistry.
The core technology of the company is autonomous. As of 30 June 2020, the company had 174 patents, including 56 patents, 87 patents for new applications and 31 patents for appearances; 20 copyrights for computer software; and a register of medical appliances.
The polyclonal antibodies preparation laboratory has high and multiclonal antibody research.
Instrumental equipment such as fast-frozen centrifuges, slow-frozen centrifuges, head search ultrasounds, injection emulsifiers, etc. can meet the requirements of multiple emulsion techniques, as well as large-scale serum centrifugal treatment.
The monoclonal antibody research platform quickly and accurately captures antibody parameters, adapts research and development programmes in a timely manner.
Methodologically, chemical luminescence is divided into enzyme-driven chemical light (cleia), direct chemical light (clia) and electrochemical light (eclia).
Low and more stable light signals, but with longer reaction time, light markers are enzymes and vulnerable to environmental impacts; electrochemistry, with high sensitivity and speed of response, requires light to trigger a reaction process, and the cost of electrical raw materials is more expensive; direct chemical luminescence uses small non-enzyme molecule organic compounds as light markers, with no light substrate.
With enzyme involvement, chemical luminous processes are completed for a few seconds and have nothing to do with changes in environmental temperature.Better, direct chemical luminescence in the new industry uses abei-type substances, unlike the esters used by Yape, the abei molecule structure has no hydrolysis risk in the buffer fluid, is relatively stable, and is new.
The industry has simplified the design of antibodies using fitc and anti-fitc, using magnets as a generic separation tool for all immunization tests, which has made detection projects in the new industry more extensive and dynamic and rare.
Figure 16: Direct chemical luminescence of esters, Figure 17: Enzyme-motivating chemical luminance, Figure 18: Electrochemical luminance
Although there is currently no literature in the academic world that directly indicates absolute advantages and disadvantages in chemical luminous methods, a comparable amount of literature suggests that the three methods of clia, eclia and cleia differ in a given field of detection. Chenet al. (2017) points out that the hrp-rumino method in cleia is less costly, but the stability of the booster is not good and the timing of the light is not good.
The decline was very rapid and the background interference was strong; rawlins&roberts (2004) were the most accurate measured at low tsh concentrations using six chemical luminous instruments; and the effects of three chemical luminous detection systems were compared with the effects of the sero-sugar chain antigen 125 (ca-125), which indicated that the cléia group had significantly higher positive rates than the eclia and clia groups.
The differences between the eclia group and the clia group are not statistically significant. In actual clinical tests, enzyme-induced light may be influenced by soluble blood, lipid blood, yellow platinum, etc., resulting in a higher rate of false positives and limited applications. We believe that there is no complete substitute between the three mainstreaming optical techniques, but the new industry uses abei.
Direct chemical luminous systems are less influenced by environmental factors, are more open to reagent projects in specific areas (e.g., karma, oncology), and autonomous R & D guarantees companies sufficient voice in technological advances in chemical luminous areas. In the future, companies are expected to build on the advantages of R & D to continuously improve the luminous systems and expand detection projects while leading to higher value added detection projects.
2.1.4. The country’s terminals have performed well, the network of channels has been upgraded and optimized, and the coverage of new industrial terminals has been expanding, accelerating large-scale terminal penetration in recent years. As of 30 June 2020, the company’s chemically luminous products had entered more than 6,200 medical institutions in the country, with a broad client base.
There has been a steady increase in the number of level III hospitals, which by the first half of 2020 stood at 966, an increase of 59 compared with the year end 2019, with 690 hospitals with a coverage rate of 45.51 per cent, with significant scope for improvement. Given the low price sensitivity of level III hospitals, the company’s high-end machine is ahead of the detection performance and reagent testing project and will be high in the future.
End products (x8, stream lines, etc.) are expected to accelerate their penetration into large terminals. At the income end, the sales and revenues of the company’s terminal instruments have increased steadily overall, with a larger increase in 2019.
2) 18 new chemical luminous reagent registrations were added to the company for 2018-2019, with projects such as amh, g17 (gastrogen-17), hiv, syphilis being tested more frequently in large and medium-sized medical institutions, leading to the promotion of the Department’s instruments.
The tender for a bio-system, a basic hospital, was awarded 122 maglumi 800 luminometers in 2017 for the construction of a supplementary procurement project for family planning services in Hunan Province, resulting in a larger base for sales in the year. The company is expected to benefit from the trend of a polarized market with the full range of products.
The market for reagents and instruments is reinforced by their own sales prices and performance advantages.
Figure 20: Revenue from hospital luminometers at all levels of the new industry over the last three years (in thousands) and at the rate of increase, at the profit-side, the steady sales of reagents contributed to the profitability of the high Māori guarantee company, and the rates of instrumentation and support software have been low in recent years. In 2019, the overall Māori rate for companies was 79.96 per cent, with the Māori rate for reagent sales as high as 90.48 per cent.
In recent years, the Māori rate of instrumentation and appliance operations has been declining, mainly through the strengthening of product line layouts by the Department of Public Information, and the restructuring of the instrument marketing structure has led to a corresponding increase in the use of raw materials for the production of instruments and an increase in the cost of manufacturing. 2) Corporate instruments are market-based, with only a small number of investments, and competition in the market has increased in recent years.
In recent years, Māori sales of reagents have gradually increased to over 90%. In the income structure, reagents have been increasing, leading to higher rates of Māori in companies, reflecting profitability.
The company has a certain advantage in its domestic sales channels, and its end-user is more sticky. The company uses a marketing model of “distributions and direct sales, distribution is dominant,” which accounts for about 95% of total revenue and is more stable.
By the end of 2019, there were 471 salesmen, 416 post-sale technical service workers, responsible for market openings, distributor management, after-sales services, etc. As of 30 June 2020, the company owned nearly 2,300 dealers, and the overall structure was flat (there was no total generation), which facilitated the delivery of the product’s value for money by the shortest chain.
In the future, companies plan to expand their existing marketing networks by purchasing and leasing them.
The system has been upgraded to optimize, reprofil or create new offices, strengthen regional client development and maintenance capacity, optimize marketing cooperation and management, and identify customer needs in a timely manner and increase product sales.
On the basis of the above analysis, we forecast the new industry ' s domestic lighting operations in 2021. In 2019, for instrumentation, the ratio of reagents to high-speed machines in the company is currently around 30%, for single instrument output is about 33.3 million/year, for low-speed single-station output is about 100,000/year, and for reagent operations, 1.13 billion.
At 2020o2, the company’s high-end machine x 8 was listed for sale, with 168 units accumulated in the first half of the year.
Hooks, the future x8 will be partially implemented, and the share of sales is expected to be adjusted to around 40%. Based on the current rate of sales of 1,000 luminometers per year, the non-x8 models are expected to sell 700-800 per year.
For reagents, the output of x 8 units can reach 1 million per year, with an average output of 760,000 per year projected for 21 years. Other machine-type devices benefit from the abundance of testing projects and are expected to maintain an increase of 5-6 per cent per year in single-stage output, with the combined contribution of reagent operations contributing $2.34 billion in revenues from light operations.
3. Step-by-step entry into high-end markets, overseas operations will continue to accelerate 3.1. There is sufficient accumulation of overseas operations, and performance is about to enter the harvest period.5 During the first half of the year, companies achieved $502 million in overseas operations.
The company, which was a pioneer in the foreign market with a national production chemical luminous advance, has gained a certain advantage by opening overseas operations earlier. The Hong Kong subsidiary was established as a platform for companies to invest, manage other branches abroad, and assume foreign exchange settlements and goods.
On February 14, 2020, the company decided to set up a fully-owned Sun Company in Russia to further expand its overseas operations. In addition to establishing companies abroad, the company has established six overseas operations headquarters around the world, with a focus on developing Brazil, Singapore, and Brazil.
As of 30 June 2020, the company’s products had entered 145 countries and territories, with an aggregate of nearly 7,000 chemicals sold in overseas areas, and 932 chemicals sold in the first half of the year. The new industry is already ahead of other home-grown chemical luminescence manufacturers.
In the past, the company’s main market was Asia-Africa, with a relatively high share of low speeds, and the future company’s high speeds were expected to accelerate its entry into mid-to-high-end markets. Three of the top five clients of the company are now overseas dealers, from Saudi Arabia, Algeria, and Iran.
Regional performance increased significantly, with revenues of 60.08%, 31.85%, and 21.54% in the last three years. The Asia and South America country terminals are mainly small and medium-sized private health-care institutions, with low-speed chemical luminators, leading to low public output.
The release of large-scale medical end-use demand in countries like Brazil, Argentina, and Russia is expected to improve the composition of companies’ overseas business products, driving the firm’s rapid growth in overseas performance. Reagent programs are constantly certified abroad, registrations are progressively complete, and opportunities for significant growth in overseas markets are opened.
Industry has set up a specialized overseas registration team to actively cooperate with agents to register local products. The company currently has chemical luminous products through the European Certification System, a fully automated chemical luminous immunology analyser, Maglumi 2000, and a full set of five chemical radiative reagents for thyroid function (thyroid tsh, serum triiodine thyroid pneuminoate 3, blood).
Dysinine t4, serum drifting away from tri-iodine-paradine ft3, serum drifting away from tetra-iodine-paradoxine ft4, and 25-Oxytamine vitamin (25-ohvitamind), man-flux membrane hormones (hcg) have successfully passed U.S. market access permits. In emerging markets, companies have now completed product registration in Brazil, and Russia is in the process of registering, i.e., performance.
In 2018, the global ivd market was more than $70 billion, and China’s market was only 14% of the world’s total. At the same time, chemical glimmers of RMB billion, calculated at RMB 266 million from the new industry’s foreign operations in 2018, the company’s overseas chemical luminous market accounted for only 0.4% of the total amount of equipment that was sold.
More than 40% of the total. The completion of the top eight registrations has led to an increase in the reagent output of the company's equipment that has been laid overseas, and the vast market space abroad provides a flashpoint for the company's performance.
In the short term, the new coronary disease boosts the company’s performance abroad. In the wake of the new coronary outbreak, the new industry was the first company in the country to launch a new coronary, an antibody chemical photo-tester and a certified ce.
The same-year growth of 235%, which for the first time accounted for more than 50% of the company’s total income, has made up for the company’s long history of other conventional overseas operations, the emergence of new crowns and the development of foreign product visibility and channels, and the placement of aid company instruments in large terminals in the European and United States markets. On the one hand, the sale of new coronary disease aid instruments and reagents abroad has increased the branding of the company’s products.
On the other hand, the epidemic is more severe in Europe and the United States, where the company has succeeded in bringing high-speed machine products into many large and medium-sized terminals in the European and American markets. Under the closure system, future sales of overseas reagents are guaranteed. The new crown disease has helped the company to establish new offshore customer relationships while consolidating the company’s ties with its former customers abroad.
In addition to the epidemic, companies are also helping to develop overseas businesses by investing more. This new business start-up board was listed, and plans were made to raise $275 million for overseas outreach projects through the creation of new overseas marketing branches.
The company announced in June 2020 that it would be difficult to predict the impact of the epidemic on the implementation of its overseas outreach projects and to enhance the rationality and effectiveness of fund-raising efforts.
The Department's overall profitability, and the company plans to make an investment change of some $261 million in unused fund-raising for the New Industries Bioresearch and Development Building project to meet the needs of fast-growing luminometers and reagent operations. In the future, the company intends to implement overseas outreach projects with its own funds, while at the same time increasing marketing outreach in the overseas market.
It is expected that the implementation of the overseas project will further enhance the company’s overseas market influence and product competitiveness, in line with the new champion’s impact, and that the future growth of the Department’s overseas operations will become clear.
Changed to "New Industries Bioresearch and Development Building" 3.3. New industries' overseas luminous operations are being measured, and we expect that companies will focus on overseas operations in the future, benefit from new and enhanced performance in the short term, and rely on high-speed growth in the long term.
By 2019, the company had more than 6,000 aircraft installed overseas, but with a large number of small aircraft, with a single output of about 38,000/year. 2020h1, the company's new crown test product generated $274 million.
And the volatility of governments' anti-epidemic policies, coupled with the fact that competitors like Roth have reduced the price of the new coronary tester through direct sales, predicting a significant drop in corporate income from the new coronary product abroad, estimated at $400 million for the new coronary virus testing project throughout 2020, and $570 million for the overseas reagent project combined. 2020h1, the company's overseas luminators sold 932 units, all of which are expected to be sold.
We expect the company to earn $770 million from overseas operations throughout 2020. In 2021, the proportion of high-end machines sold overseas by the company will gradually increase, the price of single instruments is expected to increase to $120,000, and the output of single instruments will rise to $55,000 per year.
1,800 new units installed each year, instrument operations earned $220 million, reagent operations earned $480 million, overseas operations fully developed, industry of deep-deep chemical luminous, management focused, professional, full motivation, management experience, executives and general staff ownership
As of June 2020, the company owned 3.35% of the shares directly and 26.73% of the shares of the company through the new Tibet industry and 30.08% of the company ' s shares. The company ' s chairman, director, and manager, gave 13.75% of the company ' s shares directly, and the company ' s co-operators, Ryo, Hu Yi, and Xu Dinghong, held the company ' s shares together.
The second largest shareholder is 17.02% of the division's shares. Tianjin Redwood holds 15.69% of the company's shares, while the same person is the sum of 16.64% of the company's shares as the third largest shareholder. In addition to Xiao Xiang, the company's six top managers hold 1.4% of the shares, and 91 employees, including Lee and others, directly hold 2.33% of the company's shares.
The company’s actual controller, founder, is not necessarily directly involved in the management of the company’s operations. The company’s chairman, chief executive, is the company’s core technical backbone, which directs the management of the company’s operations.
Manager, Manager of Reagent Quality Control and Manager of Reagent Research and Development.
Chairman Xiao Xiao is a pioneer in the domestic chemical light, and Mr Xiao Xi is a pioneer in the domestic chemical light, and it is in the interest of the company to keep pace with technological developments and to lay the firm's emphasis on R & D and its innovative business style.
The new industry began with a model of self-researching and self-starting marketing teams. Before adding to the new industry, the director of the company, Xiao Xuan, together with our leading material scientist, Professor Yuan Yunzhang, introduced a new theory of the integration of individual organic molecules and inorganic nanomagnetic particles at molecular levels in January 1993.
And guided by this theory, new nanoimmagnetic microballs that can be applied in the fields of cell separation, genetic separation, and immuno-quantification have been successfully developed to fill domestic gaps. In 1997, micro-incorporated into the new industry.
China’s immuno-diagnostic vd industry is still largely dominated by radio-immunological analysis, far behind the developed world. So, from 2000 to 2010, the Ember led the new industry team into a 10-year full-automatic chemical luminous immuno-analysis phase.
1) nanoimmunomagnetic microbes; 2) luminous immunoanalysis instrument development; 3) support for the development of luminous immunoanalysis reagents. The development of luminous instrumentation was extremely difficult for the company ' s team because the members of the research and development team focused on biotechnology, clinical medicine, biochemistry, etc., and because of the poor technology associated with automation in China at the time.
After almost a decade, the micro-led team succeeded in attacking, innovatively combining nanomagnetic microballs, abei photogenesis, immunoanalysis techniques, created a direct magnetic separation chemical luminous immune analysis system, and led the team to develop a fully automated chemical luminescent immunology analyser.
By 2020, research and development was awarded the Shenzhen City Science and Technology Progress Award for the third consecutive year from 2010 to 2012, the Shenzhen City Technology Development Award for the second grade in 2013 and the Shenzhen City Technology Innovation Award for the first degree in 2019.
A deep accumulation of technology in the field of chemical luminousness will help companies to keep abreast of the latest trends in research and to avoid, to the extent possible, substituting shocks for the loss of new technologies, while also providing companies with an innovative business style.
Incentives to equity highlight the high level of commitment to new industries. Immediately upon listing, companies developed equity incentive schemes to promote employee motivation. In July 2020, the company ' s board of directors passed the Equity Incentives Bill, which gave a total of 412 people to corporate executives, managers at all levels, technical cadres and business cadres.
Incentives were given for a total of 6.0778 million restricted shares, of which 750,000 were restricted in the first category and 5.32 million in the second category. The incentives were broad-based and effectively combined shareholders’ interests, corporate interests and the individual interests of the core group, bringing together the concerns for the long-term development of the company and ensuring its development strategy and objectives.
The business target is to increase business income by no less than 30 per cent and 69 per cent, respectively, in 2019. The incentive costs arising from this equity incentive scheme will be charged to recurrent gains and losses and will be shared over the years, with some impact on the firm ' s net profits.
We make profit predictions based on the following: instrumentation operations: the company, as a chemical luminous business, is technically superior.
Over the next three years, it is expected that the number of company instruments installed will remain around 1,200 per year, with high-speed machines taking over Biti, but the benefits of the high-speed ratio, accelerated installation of water lines and expansion of reagent coverage projects are not expected to be forthcoming.
Over the next three years, the output of corporate instrument stand-alones will increase rapidly, with reagent projects generating about 33% of the compound rate of growth.
Reagent operations: a significant short-term contribution increase in performance from the new crown epidemic, with companies expected to increase their earnings from overseas reagent sales by more than 200% in 2020.
Terminal instruments will be laid to drive faster reagents, with a combination of reagent revenues expected to increase by more than 50 per cent over the next three years. Instrumentation operations: after the company has been listed, adjustments are made to the instrument sales policy, the price of the instrument sales is linked to the average reagent consumption, so there will be a certain reduction in the company's luminometer grosser rate in the short term.
Reagent operations: the short-term new overseas crown tester has a high Maori rate and the company ' s reagent rate is expected to be 91% in 2020. Companies have the ability to maintain high reagent sales levels based on product advantages and channel capacity.
And, as the test agent is released at an accelerated rate and the income ratio is rising, the company’s combined Māori ratio will gradually gain strength.4 In parts and other operations, the rate of revenue increases are linked to the sale of instruments and reagents, and the Māori rate will remain stable.
6. Other acquisitions will not be considered for the time being.1 Risk of changes in medical equipment policy: quality control of medical equipment products, quality of supply, tendering for procurement, etc.
Changes will be adjusted accordingly to have a negative impact on the company’s operations.2 There is less than expected in the development of new products: chemical light is a technology-intensive industry, with longer product R&D cycles. The competitiveness of a company’s products will be weakened if, for example, the company’s R&D process is slow or even unsuccessful due to a bias in its R&D route.
3. The distribution pattern of distributors is too homogeneous: the company sales model is dominated by distributors, which may have a negative impact on the company ' s brand name and reputation, leading to a decline in the company ' s regional sales, if the distributor has his own management, irregularities, etc., or disputes with the company.
4. Overseas risk: The uncertainty of export and import policies in overseas markets, trade barriers and changes in political relations between the two sides, and changes in exchange rates may lead to a failure to meet overseas market expansion targets. At a later stage, the uncertainty of the epidemic may also lead to greater fluctuations in firms’ overseas earnings.
7. Appendices: The company introduced Shenzhen New Industries Biomedical Engineering Co. Ltd., formerly the Shenzhen City New Industries Biomedical Engineering Limited, which was established on 15 December 1995 and changed from August 2012 to the New Three.
In 2008, New Industries was the first country to develop a fully automated chemical luminous immune analyser for nanomagnetic microball separation, small molecular organic compounds, and a series of reagents that successfully broke a multi-year monopoly in the area of chemical luminous import brands, which was successfully developed, industrialized, marketed and cleared through the U.S. fda 510 (k)
Chemical luminous ivd plants. The company has cultivated chemical luminous light for 25 years, and is a technologically powerful pioneer in the field of immuno-analysis. The company’s products are currently mainly chemical luminous instruments and ancillary reagents for disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment monitoring, post-observation, provision of diagnostic information on health status evaluation and genetic disease prediction.
Since the company ' s introduction to the market in 2010, its operations have opened up rapidly, with higher revenues and net profits. In 2019, the company achieved operating revenues of 1,682 million and net profits of 773 million, compared to 25.26 per cent and 25.03 per cent, respectively, in the last five years.
High. In 2019, corporate reagent sales, instruments and appliance software, spare parts and other operations were received separately, the mainland region remained the main market for companies, and overseas operations grew more rapidly. In 2019, companies in mainland China and overseas recorded business earnings of 1,337 million and 340 million respectively, compared to 24.72 per cent in the last five years.
Asia, South America, Europe and Africa account for a relatively high share of income in the market.
The overall cost rate has remained stable, with net interest rates significantly higher than comparable companies. The company’s sales rate for the last three years has been 18% to the left, and has increased slightly over the years, mainly as a result of the company’s expanding overseas operations and the different policies for overseas product promotion and related sales from within the country; the company’s management costs have been lower in the industry, but have increased in recent years, mainly as a result of the company’s expansion.
Production and increased recruitment of staff, lower financial costs than new industries and comparable corporate revenues, higher net corporate interest rates than comparable companies, mainly due to higher reagent revenue and high reagent Maori rates, overall profitability Higher turnover of accounts receivable, good cash flow and higher operating capacity.
The division is relatively close and has declined in recent years, indicating a stronger repayment capacity for companies, as well as a stronger managerial capacity for the company’s distributors. The net operating cash flow to net profit ratio is close to one, showing a good cash flow for companies.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board