The high-speed chemically luminous and high-quality track leader is the fastest growing sub-sector in the ivd sector, and there is plenty of room for future import substitution.
The diagnostic market is about $70.5 billion, with a compound annual growth rate of 18.26%, well above the global rate of 4%. Chemical luminous technology, one of the most advanced technologies in vd, is one of the fastest growing subdivisions, with the rate of growth remaining at 25%. Transnational poles, such as training, are occupied, and with the technological overlap of new industries, Andu, Mike, etc., in recent years.
The cost advantage of the upper-country-produced equipment and reagents is evident, and import substitution is starting to accelerate. According to our theory, in 2019, there was a clear upward trend in the price of the domestic chemical luminous. The company was the first to develop a fully automated chemical luminous device and an accompanying reagent with its own property, making a breakthrough in the national production of a fully automated luminous chemical luminous device.
In terms of laying, by the beginning of 2020, the company had installed around 13,000 chemical luminous equipment globally, and about 7,000 in China, the largest company in the country, after 10,000 in the Big Roth. In 2020, the company is expected to maintain some 3,000 high-preparers at a rate of around 3,000, after three projects were completed in 2022.
The equipment capacity will be further increased to meet the company’s high equipment growth needs. In the case of single machine output, the company’s large equipment, 4,000pus, x8, is being expanded to large hospitals, with the company now covering 50% of tri-a hospital, 30% of level III hospital, and the company’s large equipment being expanded to a better base at level III hospital.
Sales rose gradually, from 40.9 per cent in 2017 to 53.8 per cent in 2019. Level II and III hospitals have significantly higher diagnostics than primary hospitals, directly contributing to the output of single-stage equipment, and the average output of domestic equipment rose from 170,000 in 2016 to 193,000 in 2019.
Some 150 machines, which will rapidly increase single machine output in the future as the x8 and streaming systems accelerate their roll-out. The company’s equipment deployment and single machine output have continued to grow at a very high price.
During the outbreak, corporate reagent boxes were first sold to a number of highly affected countries, such as Germany, Italy, and Brazil, and equipment sold overseas was in short supply, increasing profits while increasing corporate brand power.
In addition to the 6,000 devices that have been laid overseas by the company for direct sales of reagents, and during the outbreak, it is expected that the company will sell long-term reagents overseas. After the company’s expected year of overseas performance in the second and third quarters of the year, when the world’s fastest light detection device, Maglumix8, is launched, the company currently has two small luminous devices.
In reagents, in addition to the 122 existing reagents, the Department has continued to improve the coverage of more detection projects. There are currently 16 chemically active reagents and 15 biochemical reagents in the pipelines; and further optimization in a number of areas, including antibodies, tumours, infectious diseases, etc.
Coverage. The company currently has seven new reagent products registered for testing and is entering the clinical trial phase. In the case of the fully automated water flow line, in September 2019, the company, in collaboration with the multinational giant Seymour flew, released a comprehensive solution to automate the satlas-tca laboratory, resulting in clinical testing of the water flow line.
At the end, the company will accelerate the promotion of targeted solutions for large medical institutions and laboratories. The future is vast (2) the most extensive equipment laid, the most fully reagent tubes laid, the performance of which is highly certain (3) the expansive sea market (4) the research and development pipeline is rich (5) the entire automatic water line begins to be laid for the first time, and the company is given an “increase”
ivd provides approximately 80% of the data for clinical diagnostics; there are currently major in vitro diagnostic subdivisions for immuno-diagnostics, life, etc.
According to Kalomainformation, the global market for in vitro diagnostics is expected to be 67.3 billion dollars in 2019, increasing by about 3.6% annually over the last five years, and is expected to grow by around 4% in the future.
According to the national in vitro diagnosis market in 2019, which was estimated at 70.5 billion yuan, the combined annual rate of increase in 2014-2019 is about 18.64 per cent, which is significantly higher than the global average: the country ' s vd market is expected to be as large as 98.3 billion yuan by 2021.
According to the China Industrial Information Network (CIIN), the percentage of free diagnosis in 2018 was about 38% and the rate of increase was about 21%; the proportion of biochemical diagnosis and molecular diagnosis municipalities was 19% and 19%, respectively.
Immunisation diagnosis is based on a combination of antigens and antibodies for qualitative, quantitative, and is widely applied in various areas, such as hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, neoplasms, metabolics, cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and eugenic eugenics.
Figure 2: Percentage of the country ' s vd sub-sector in 2018. In the quantitative immunisation diagnosis, early detection was mainly conducted using methods such as enzyme immunisation, but was gradually phased out by chemical luminescence due to the accuracy of the tests, specialities, and inaccuracies.
A comparison of piped light has the advantage of full automated testing, which is now being used by mainstream firms, both within and outside the country. Chemical luminous methods have now become a central factor in the rapid growth of the industry in the year of immunization diagnosis. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the share of chemical luminous light in the vaccine diagnostic market in 2018 has been about 78%, and has been growing at around 24% in recent years.
As far back as 2016, the city’s share was more than 90%. Given the decline in the production of chemical light reagents and the technology overlap, combined with the decline in the price of light detection as a result of health insurance policies, it is expected that chemical light will gradually replace other routes, such as enzyme immunity, with an eventual rate of 90%.
On the basis of available data, we assume that the size of the country’s vd market in 2019 is 70.5 billion, the percentage of immunization diagnostics is 40%, and the proportion of chemical light in immunization diagnostics is 81%. It is possible to extrapolate the size of the country’s chemical lighting market in 2019 to about 23 billion yuan. We anticipate that the chemical luminous field will continue to grow at a rate of more than 25% over the next three years, with the market’s size expected to reach 45 billion yuan by 2022.
(ii) Multi-policy factors such as health insurance fees, graded diagnostics and other factors contribute to high-speed industrial growth,1 increased pressure on health insurance fees, expected acceleration of import substitution, large replacement space, a clear trend in the collection of medical waste, including vd, and the potential for future reagent collection in the chemical luminous industry.1
The price of chemically luminous reagents from former multinational enterprises was generally 30-50% higher than the price of domestic reagents, early on because of the technology gap between domestic and foreign companies, while hospitals were able to transfer costs to patients, and level II and III hospitals gave priority to overseas equipment. With technological upgrades in domestic Anto, Mike, new industries, etc., some projects were on 10 indicators of accuracy, speed of detection, etc.
The new industry did not create a total distributor, equivalent to a natural two-vote system, and the price advantage was more evident in the pattern of high health insurance costs.
Centralized procurement is beneficial for home-grown light reagents. The trend towards a unified national collection of medical devices, particularly in the high concentration segment, including ivd, has already been piloted in several locations, including Sichuan, Anhui, Hainan.
Similar to the equipment industry, where the profits of the pipeline are high and the main cuts in the distributor ' s profits are concentrated; there are limits to the price of the test agent out of the plant. Depending on policy support and cost advantages, the probability of winning the bid in future national production enterprises is relatively high. For example, the winning bid in a domestic enterprise will be placed on the purchase list for direct access to level III hospitals, while driving equipment to be laid in level III hospitals to accelerate import substitution;
By 2011, domestic automated chemical luminous equipment had been largely imported, and transnational giants such as Rhodes, Yape, Siemens and others had steadily occupied core resources for level III hospitals.
After the introduction of the luminometer, the country began to take over the market, opening up foreign monopolies; after nine years of development, the trend towards import substitution has accelerated. Domestic markets are still dominated by imports, and cross-border leaders such as Rhodes, Yape, Siemens and others together accounted for about 80% of the country’s markets in 2018.
About 9% of the market, together with domestic firms, will account for about 20% of the market by 2018, with rapid growth and accelerated import substitution. We have estimated the space for future import substitution; in the broader context of health-care control costs, we have projected the demand for domestically produced and imported equipment in established hospitals, which currently sells about 81% of the total volume of reagents; the share of future import reagent sales will decrease.
Up to 60%, and more than 20% of the incremental space. We calculated the share of the chemical light market in 2019 to be 23 billion, figure 7: the ratio of imported reagents after import,2 the epidemic drives public health upgrades, and countries will scale up new coronary antibody tests.
In the spring of 2020, a new coronary virus outbreak began to spread throughout the country, starting with Wuhan. After the outbreak, the reform of the medical system will be a top priority for the next phase, and the diagnostic industry, which plays a key role in the major epidemic, will come up with opportunities, especially for nucleic acid testing and chemical luminoculation testing.
Guidelines for rapid and more precise detection instruments and reagents. In May 2020, the National Development and Rehabilitation Council and the Health and Welfare Council issued the Capacity-Building Programme for Public Health Prevention and Control, which aims to improve and improve the country ' s capacity to detect, control and treat major outbreaks.
As the country focuses on future major health events, including the epidemic, the future diagnostic industry will have new opportunities to accelerate the release of lighting equipment, especially in basic hospitals.
Modernisation of disease prevention and control: p3 laboratories in each province, p2 laboratories in local municipalities, plus enhanced detection capabilities for infectious diseases.
To improve the capacity of district hospitals to diagnose and treat diseases, to supplement the urbanization of county towns, to improve the infrastructure of one district hospital in priority districts, and to build the first level of disease detection.
To improve the network for the treatment of infectious diseases in cities and municipalities in the capital city and in the municipalities of the province, the establishment of an infectious disease hospital has been made possible by the selection by each municipality of one or two existing health institutions.
Renovation and upgrading of major outbreak treatment bases, construction of 1 to 3 major outbreak treatment hospitals in each province.
But this nucleic acid test process is complicated and strict for sampling and testing personnel, laboratories and reagent boxes.
Capacity, while at the same time significantly reducing the risk of infection in the blood sample collection and testing process for health-care providers; simpler operations; and easier screening in basic laboratories and hospitals. The large-scale new coronary antibody testing overseas will also provide a wide space for industry.
It's also the key to controlling the epidemic. It helps the country to get an accurate picture of the population's antibodies, and it's crucial to model the overall development of the epidemic and predict the future. In antibody testing, conventional enzyme-associated immune adsorption tests are gradually replaced by chemical light tests because of a number of disadvantages, such as slow detection, low accuracy, unstable reagents.
Demand for measurements will increase significantly, with countries such as France, Germany, the United Kingdom and others starting large-scale antibody testing, which will be further expanded in the future: 150,000 antibody tests were being conducted in Italy by early May; 3.5 million anti-medical test kits had been ordered by the United Kingdom on 25 March and millions more were planned; and 10,000 new coronary antibody tests were being conducted in Kyoto by Japan on 1 June.
Antibody testing is critical for vaccine development and post-inoculation tracking. Chemical luminous precision for new coronary antibodies for new coronary patients. Testing can help scientists understand how many of the immune systems are medium and antibodies are essential for vaccine development and testing.
Antibody testing is the most accurate way of detecting antibodies from the receptor. The antibody testing methods that we started to approve in April are basically luminous, and a large number of chemically luminous antibodies are likely to be tested next year.3 Policies encourage independent innovation by national producers.
In recent years, a number of policies have been put in place to encourage national diagnostic companies to develop advanced technology and equipment with property rights.
In 2016, the 13th Plan explicitly encouraged the development of high-performance in vitro diagnostic equipment, with a focus on the development of automated rapid detection instruments for immunization and their accompanying reagents. The Opinion on the Promotion of the First (Set) Model Application of Major Technical Equipment, published by the CSD in 2018, mentioned the full automated chemical luminous instrument as a major technology.
Equipment to upgrade this advanced detection technology to a strategic position. During the two sessions following the new crown outbreak in 2020, participants explicitly proposed to strengthen the control of the epidemic, encourage the development of more accurate and concise detection methods, and ensure that primary hospital equipment is upgraded for future major outbreaks of 4 and 4 levels of diagnostic treatment.
In response to this, the State Department issued a report in September 2015 on the promotion of the classification system.
The guidelines for the construction of the hospital set out to “exploit the development of a system for the accelerated development of the level-of-care system, the development of a scientific and orderly approach, the improvement of the health of the population, and the further safeguarding and improvement of the lives of the population.” The level-of-care programme diverts the diagnostic needs of some level-III hospitals from level-I to level-II hospitals to community hospitals in order to reduce the diagnostic pressure on level-III hospitals and to address, to some extent, the problem of access to them.
Increased diagnostic needs, particularly for immunization, lack of medium- and large-scale testing equipment in lower hospitals, and limited to price reasons, are given priority by the Chamber of Commerce of the National Producers. Number of medical institutions per year is assumed; level-III, II, I, ungraded, primary health-care institutions are assumed to be advanced by grade-level diagnostics
The demand for luminous equipment was 5, 2, 1, 0.7 and 0.02 respectively; the demand for luminous equipment from domestic hospitals was around 75,000, compared to the current size of some 40,000, and there were 35,000 luminous domestic chemical equipment in the company, with an estimated 17.5 per cent of the equipment market, corresponding to about 13,000 equipment spaces.
There are still 6,000 incremental spaces; assuming that the company produced 1 685 million units in 2019 and sold the equipment at an average price of 159,000, the equivalent is $1 billion per year for reagents and $950 million per year for one-time equipment sales. The company’s products are well lined to fully meet the detection needs of hospitals at all levels.
Basic units focus on testing resources, with more than 80% of the population arriving within 15 minutes to detect the diagnosis at the nearest medical point.
X-mini is an instant detection device, with rapid detection and ease of operation, and is expected to be listed in a community hospital, where the country's first chemically luminous enterprises are located, and the industry is well positioned to take the lead in the development of a fully automated chemically luminous immunology analyser for the marking of small molecule organic compounds separated by nanomagnetic microballs.
The company installed more than 13,000 chemical luminescence units worldwide, of which about 7,000 were located in the country, and the most extensive company in the country. The company was the first to be licensed by the United States through fda 510 (k) and tested in 2017 in 5th, 25th-ovietamind, hcg, etc.
First in the US market: Hepatitis C was certified by the EU celista in July 2019, becoming the first of many chemical-emitting light companies in the country to be certified by the EU. During this new coronary pneumonia, the company’s new coronary virus, igg, igm anti-testing agent was first certified by the world.
In terms of equity structure, as of May 2020, 27.01% of the company’s shares in the new Tibet industry were held as the first major shareholder. Mr. Onjing was the firm’s real controller, holding 30.36% of the company’s shares through the control of the Tibet New Year’s industry and direct holdings.
The company’s chairman, general manager, in addition to the physical controllers, holds 13.75% of the company’s shares directly, nine executives hold 3.34% of the company, and the executive’s shareholding reflects the firm’s high-level interest in the company’s future. To motivate the core team, the company has re-incentives.
Incentives targeted mainly at 414 company core technicians, with a total of 6.08 million shares (1.48% of equity) to be awarded, fully leveraging core team motivation. In the case of performance appraisals, if the firm does not meet the trigger value of the performance appraisal target (20% annual income growth), all the incentive recipients are expected to take stock that was scheduled to be released for sale in the year, and the company buys back and cancels at the price granted.
Unachieved targets (30% annual income growth), with only a partial incentive to release stocks. Firms have set high target values that give them confidence in their performance over the next three years. We believe that the growth in corporate incomes over the next three years will remain at a rate of 27 to 32%.
Europe, America, and Europe. Euro-Americans have put in place stricter certification systems that include c, fda, etc., and products need to be certified before they can enter the market. The company has now passed the European-ce certification system; the company ' s fully automated chemical instruments, Maglumi 2000, and five thyroid functions, have successfully passed U.S. fda access permits, and other products are still under review.
The impact of the overseas epidemic on other products is offset by the fact that the company’s sales of products other than the new crown products have slowed overseas, but the company’s first company to develop a new coronary anti-test box, the new coronary reagent box and instrumentation, have been thermally sold in a number of countries abroad.
In terms of Māori, the company ' s Māori level remained stable at about 80% due to the company ' s high reagent product (90% reagent) income; 2019q1 was affected by the epidemic, resulting in a significant reduction in the number of tests except for the new crown project, which directly reduced the company ' s Māori rate. As the hospital began to fully liberalize in April, the Ministry began to recover the sales of the various testing projects.
Because the company’s main product is an ancillary reagent, low-profit products, such as equipment and accessories, have less impact on the company’s profitability, and the company’s net interest rate has remained above 45%, indicating the quality of the company’s excellent revenue. The same is true of the company’s Maori and net interest rates for Anto and Mike organisms, which are significantly lower than the company’s.
In terms of cost rates, with excellent team management and excellent cash flow levels, the company cost rate has remained at a low level of around 22%: there is a certain advantage in cost rates in comparison with the industry ' s Andu biology, Mike Biology, and Murray. The 2019q1 cost rate is maintained at a low level of 21.1%. The splits show that high-end equipment such as 4,000 plus, x 8 is in the market academic process.
In the broad phase, sales rates have grown faster since 2019, but much less than the increase in revenues. The company’s management costs and financial costs have remained low, thanks to its good management team and excellent cash flows. (i) Import substitution is a major industry direction, with the firm’s strong advantage.
Transnational giants abroad occupy most of the market share in the domestic lighting sector, especially at the higher end of the detection market, such as tertiary hospitals, large laboratories, etc. And as domestic firms begin to converge on the international front, the core competitiveness of domestically produced luminous products grows and competes fully with foreign firms. As there is still much room for import substitution, the main direction of market competition is through high-level competition.
In the import substitution process, the country’s most competitive rivals are Mike Bio, Murray Medical Care, Anto Biology, Yafilong (unlisted), among others, with the company’s highest rate in the city of 2019, or about 7.2%.
The company has these major competitive advantages in the import substitution competition: 1) the company has some 7,000 domestic equipment, far from comparable firms in the country. 2) The company is registered with 122 luminous reagents, covering the largest number of enterprises in the world. 3) Advanced direct chemical luminous techniques, technology versus technology. 4) has the world ' s fastest luminous instrument, Maglumix8, with a national lead in equipment technology.
1. Company lighting equipment is laid in second place throughout the country. Unlike the biochemical detection system, chemical luminous detection equipment and reagents are usually closed systems, and the laying of equipment directly leads to the sale of the related agents. Thus, the general equipment is not expensive or delivered free of charge to a medical institution, and the amount of equipment laid can be shown directly.
Market recognition of companies. Based on the company’s best chemical luminous reagent coverage, instrument performance, quality, etc., more than 95% of the equipment laid by the company is sold rather than delivered free of charge, which directly reflects the market’s recognition of the company; and the rate of newer sales of equipment is much lower than the rate at which the equipment is delivered, raising the quality of the company’s equipment.
The company ' s instrument sales have grown from a small base + high speed to the current large base + steady stock phase, and after years of accumulation and deposition of loads, the country ' s medical institutions have been fully configured: as of May 2020, the company had installed some 7,000 units in the country, followed only by the largest luminous Rhodes, the largest industry in the country.
The advantages of laying the range are evident. The company is now moving from the stage of laying the equipment to a new phase of placing the equipment with a single reagent to increase the inventory instrument output and weighting.
Companies use state-of-the-art nanoimmagnetic microballs as key separation materials, while autonomously developing synthetic small molecular organic compounds as luminous markers. The chemical photoreagent medical product registration, one of the country’s largest reagents, breaks the monopoly of transnational giants.
The company’s reagent test results are accurate, stable, very close to imported reagents such as April and Beckman, and has a higher price advantage, leading to a growing market recognition of corporate products. In niche projects, the company owns lp-plata2, hypersensitive calcium proteini, 25-ohvd, ca50, ca72-4, ca24-
Several special projects, such as cyfra21-1, scca, trab, rt3, are popular at home and abroad. Some of these special projects require medical institutions that are likely to buy company instruments. Company equipment and reagents are closed systems, and equipment delivered through special projects can also generate income gains for other projects.
3. Advanced direct chemical luminous technologies, for example, are widely used internationally. Chemical luminescence technologies can be divided into plate and tube luminescence, tube luminescence as a new generation of technology, relative plate luminous advantages such as sensitivity, high accuracy, linear breadth, support for emergency insertion specimens.
From the beginning to the plate to the pipeline, the new industry moves directly from the top tube chemical light to the development of the most core and advanced technology. After many years of research and development, the autonomous development of nanoimmagnetic microball preparation technology, which is the core chemical luminous technology, is a company-owned technology and successfully patented in 2016.
In July 2017, the company became the first chemical luminator in China to gain access to the U.S. fda. The tubes are divided into direct chemical light, enzyme-driven chemical light, and electrochemical light is a branch of direct chemical light.
The company uses internationally advanced direct chemical light, which is technologically close to electrochemical light, better than enzyme-driven chemical light. Enzyme prompts chemical light use of reagents containing coloured enzymes such as chili- root peroxide enzymes, which are vulnerable to transport storage conditions, environmental ph values, etc., leading to a decline in accuracy, while direct chemical light uses stable molecular markers such as esters, ruminos, etc.
In terms of accuracy, the direct detection results are more linear, and standard curve production is easier and lower than enzyme-motivation. At present, Beckman, Murray, Antu organisms use enzyme-driven chemical luminous techniques; electrochemical luminescence is the exclusive technique of Rhodes, which produced electrochemical luminescence devices in 2017, but is far from Rhodes in terms of accuracy, speed, etc.; and Yape,
New industries, Mike Bios, etc., use direct chemical light.4 The world's fastest detection equipment, equipment accuracy comparable to that of multinational corporations, autonomous intellectual property rights, and bulk production of instruments, some of which are patented for inventions.
Automated chemical light immuno-analysis instrument, with small equipment such as Maglumi 800/2000 for small clients and large-scale equipment such as Maglumi 4000/4000pus and maulumix8 for medium- and large-scale clients, based on the differentiated needs of their clients, x 8 of which is an important product for companies in large- and medium-sized health-care institutions against their competitors abroad, mainly for level-III hospitals.
At present, the lighting equipment of domestic enterprises is very close to the transnational giants in many dimensions, and companies continue to strengthen their vertical research and development, resulting in: 1) national production equipment is very close to the transnational giants in terms of the number and speed of detection projects, such as Murray, Anto, Mike can detect about 76, 98, 107 projects.
As many as 122 projects and 16 projects under R & D, the largest number of detectable projects in the country, have an absolute advantage over the number of projects tested. And many unique projects such as company lp-pla2, 25-ohvd, ca50, ca24-2, cvfra21-1 have been able to bridge the gap with domestic competitors. 2) In terms of detection speed, Cl-6000i in Murray and i3,000 in Mike have been detected at a different speed.
480t/h, 300t/h; Rhodes, Beckman, Yape instruments have the fastest detection speeds of 300t/h, 400t/h, and 400t/h, respectively. The company launched the maglumix8 test speed of 600t/h in 2019, which is the most highly automated chemical instrument for global detection and allows for the formation of two modules to further improve detection efficiency, which is the company's priority for large medical institutions.
The company x8 can form a fully automated stream of water from the biochemical equipment that it has developed on its own initiative, helping to make the detection speed more demanding. There are some gaps in the overall quality of domestic firms’ testing projects and overseas firms, which are accurate in terms of infectious diseases, tumours, etc., and are already comparable in accuracy and stability with competitors abroad.
Using small molecular material, abei, to detect electrochemistry in a range very close to the Dragonhead, it is higher than the enzyme-promotion method in Murray and Anto, which is the country's first equator, and many projects are well evaluated at level II and III hospitals. The company increases its investment in R & D every year, and the gap between foreign companies is narrowing year by year.
The gap is narrowing, with companies maintaining a lead in detection speed and testing projects with high-end equipment such as x8 and having a certain advantage over domestic firms in terms of quality. (ii) Client structure upgrades and accelerated deployment of overseas equipment
Due to a gap in early company technology, equipment performance, and other imported instruments, products are sold mainly in level I and II hospitals and other primary hospitals or medical institutions, with relatively low sales in level III hospitals. The largest number of users in the company in 2019 was in level I and below, accounting for about 47 per cent, and in levels II and III for 32 per cent and 16 per cent, respectively.
In 2019, about 20% of equipment was sold to level III hospitals, 34% to level II hospitals, and sales structures were significantly upgraded.
The gradual increase in sales of large-scale lighting equipment, such as maglumi 4000pus, directly drives the reagent output of the average single plant, from $169,000 in 2017 to $193,000 in 2019. The company’s latest research and development, Maglumix8, is in the extension phase and is affected by the epidemic, with about 150 currently deployed and is expected to accelerate between the second half of 2020 and the second half of 2021.
The company has one of the world’s 122 largest projects for the detection of light, while also focusing on the development of reagents; a total of 18 chemical tests were launched in 2018-2019.
(a) Agents, 8 biochemical reagents, of which the following projects are hot for medium- and large-scale medical institutions: amah (anti-mulular tube hormone), g17 (gastrogen-17), hev (human immunodeficiency virus antigens and antibodies), syphilis (methodoxy antibodies).
Demand measurement, where equipment is purchased, gives priority to equipment in new industries; overseas market competition for the sale of equipment in level III hospitals, large laboratories, with firms moving from low-end markets, increasing corporate platform influence, and gradually focusing on small equipment such as maglumi800 and maglumi600.
The export of 925, 1083 and 1436 luminous instruments, respectively, increased significantly faster than the sale of domestic equipment: the increase in overseas sales was due mainly to the strengthening of overseas dealers and the positive end-breaking effects, particularly in India, Saudi Arabia and Romania.
New Crown Pneumonia Catalytic Corporation has installed overseas equipment, and the sales of reagents are expected to rise in the long run. The company has developed and obtained certified brands of igm antibodies for the first companies in the world; and, due to the second quarter of the epidemic, the company’s new overseas crown antibody reagent boxes are sold well, and the company’s lighting instruments are in short supply due to light testing of the properties of the closed system.
The speed at which the company's overseas lighting equipment will be laid will be further catalyzed and, in the long term, will drive the company to sell overseas reagents. In 2019, the company's sales of overseas reagents were only 49 per cent, with a marked gap between 86 per cent of domestic reagent sales, mainly because of the company's early sales abroad, mainly in terms of the extension of increased penetration rates, such as equipment laying. In the short term, new coronary reagents.
Boxes are expected to significantly increase corporate reagent revenues abroad: in the long run, with the extension of company equipment, the early laying of instruments for reagent sales will gradually begin to be released, the structure of the company's overseas sales will be improved, and the share of high-profit reagent sales will gradually increase. (iii) Research and development pipelines will be rich and will contribute to future growth.
Research and development is the core competitiveness of ivd firms. To consolidate and improve competitiveness in the field of immunization diagnostics in the country, companies continue to strengthen their investment in research and development, strengthening their research and development teams and innovation capabilities; and to achieve a product sales generation, a research and development generation, and a reserve generation. Companies meet their clients’ needs in terms of product diversity, not only in high-end markets, with new products X8 breakthroughs, but also in terms of product diversification.
Six items of equipment are being studied; the chemical luminous instruments under study are maglumix3 and mini, respectively, medium-sized hospitals and small medical and medical institutions with high space requirements.
The company has continued to improve the coverage of more testing projects; there are currently 31 reagent boxes in the development pipeline, of which 16 are chemically active reagents and 15 are biochemical reagents; new products have been developed to further improve coverage of various aspects of self-restrictive resistance, tumours, infectious diseases, etc. The company currently has seven reagent new products registered for testing and has entered clinical trial stages.
(iv) Fund-raising projects to help break through capacity bottlenecks due to market recognition of corporate products, coupled with improved company equipment marketing lines, resulting in demand and supply of corporate products; to meet the demand for fast-growing reagents, companies increased their production capacity by increasing the density of classes and improving production processes, 2018
The capacity utilization rate reached 114% and the capacity bottlenecks were serious. In September 2019, the company put into production the second stage of self-financed construction in advance, alleviating the reagent capacity bottlenecks and upgrading the actual capacity to 2,500 fully automated chemical photoanalysts, with 2.1 million reagents; and temporarily met production needs, but production capacity was still insufficient.
In order to speed up the construction of the project to meet the company’s development needs, the company will fund the project on a self-financing basis until the funds have been raised and will be used on the basis of the company’s relevant fund-raising funds.
In the second phase of the project, capacity will be released in stages, gradually reducing the company’s bottlenecks.
(iv) The formation of multifunctional automated water flow lines to speed up the expansion of access to the level-III hospital, which is classified by degree of automation into the biochemistry cascades, tta (tasktargetedautomation) and tla (ttal Laboratoriototure, tla), where tla can automate the entire process of entry, detection and release of samples.
The full automatic stream of water can address the peak congestion in the country's third-level hospital. In 2018, the average number of visits per day in our third-level hospital was 2,200, the number of tests per day in the third-A hospital could reach 5,000-8,000, and a single sample could require several 10 biochemical tests. Because most blood withdrawals require empty stomachs, blood samples from the medical examination and hospital are collected in the morning, and first after the opening, the blood sample is collected.
The number of samples per hour amounts to 40% of the day; the collection of samples requires manual processing, which leads to serious congestion in the morning tests in hospitals; there is a high risk of errors in the processing of samples, while increasing the pressure to report approval. The automated flow line system can complete the full automated processing of samples, send samples, analyse and analyse samples, release medical care for emergencies, etc., and enhance the effectiveness of hospital tests.
In the long run, automated water lines can significantly improve the efficiency of hospital tests, and the general single water lines can meet about 70% of the detection needs of level III hospitals, and will be the main direction of biochemical and immune testing. High barriers to water lines, the central logic of promotion is whether chemical light is recognized by the market.
In view of the complexity of the system, which makes it difficult for domestic and foreign chemical luminous enterprises to have sufficient stocks of detection instruments and systems, the main way to do this is to create water lines in a cooperative manner, with components such as systems, orbits, etc., generally provided by mature third-party cooperation, such as pvt, Japan, and Samir. The current water lines of domestic and international taps, including Anto, Roth, are not sufficiently varied in terms of their orbital flux and automated systems.
A fully automated testing process at the level of tla (totalalaboratoriatoutomation); the main factors that distinguish fluid linear performance are chemical luminous instruments, biochemical detectors, and the accuracy of reagent testing, which is the main barrier to the full automatic flow line.
In other hospitals, corporate products have an advantage over domestic firms in terms of penetration rates; by the beginning of 2020, the company’s lighting product had reached over 50% in the city and 30% in the tertiary hospital.
In September 2019, the company, in collaboration with the multinational giant Seymour, issued an automated stream for the satlas-tca laboratory, using the Senofi automated system tcautomation on the system, using the company-owned high-speed luminous and biochemical detection instruments on the equipment; and fully automated to the tla level.
Horizontally, complete automated intelligent operations are achieved from introspection, centrifugal, decapitation, cup-pointing, chemical luminous instrument analysis, capping, classification to sample, while effectively reducing hospital staffing while substantially increasing the detection capabilities of individual laboratories.
The speed of biochemical testing at the station can be multimodularized according to client needs. The company’s current water line landed in June and has begun to be extended to level-III hospitals, large laboratories; installation is expected to start in 2021 and sales can reach 1.5 million yuan from the second half of 2021 to the second half of 2022. The average single plant output of the company’s luminous equipment is about 160,000 yuan (higher than small equipment).
Large-scale equipment, maglumix 8, is expected to produce between $500,000 and 600,000; biochemical equipment is expected to produce between 500,000 and 700,000. In level III hospitals, a general stream of water will be equipped with two light and one biochemical. Conservative estimates are that a single stream of water is expected to generate more than $1.5 million per year for the company; units with high detection needs, such as the 3-A hospital, will be equipped with single waterlines.
In addition to generating substantial reagent revenue for the company, it can increase the company’s branding influence in high-end markets and enhance the competitiveness of high-end markets over the long term. Bio-immunity cascades are better suited to level II hospitals.
The rate of penetration is low. And, as policies such as graded diagnostics drive, the need for level II hospital testing will increase rapidly, facing a shortage of personnel, and the biochemistry-level Immunisation cascades will meet the needs of future level II hospitals, with accelerated configuration expected to become a trend. In the selection of flow lines, the cost of equipment and reagents for imported stream lines is generally 30-50% higher than the national stream, and is price-sensitive.
In the case of tertiary hospitals, there is a clear price advantage in the run-up to the current line. In addition, companies that have a five-year contract period and are highly exclusive have a prior advantage in giving priority to the promotion of the run-off line. In the case of domestic companies, Anto, Murray and the company have produced products that are close to the time of the launch, mainly because of the technical advantages of chemical lighting.
Biolumi8,000, who was certified as a medical instrument in 2019, is the country’s first sero-detection system that integrates chemical photolysis, biochemical analysis, electrolysis analysis, and has a competitive advantage at the technical level, especially chemical light. The product is now in production capacity and is being actively promoted in level II and part III hospitals.
Sale of equipment: The domestic sale of equipment has remained low: the company’s large equipment x 8 is fully capable of replacing the products of multinational enterprises, and the ratio of high-end customers, such as the company’s level-III hospital and advanced laboratories, is expected to increase during the accelerated import substitution process. The sales of large-scale equipment has increased, and the unit price of the equipment has risen accordingly.
Reagent sales: This year, due to the impact of the epidemic in the quarter, the rate of domestic reagent revenue increases are somewhat affected: if the epidemic does not recur in the following year, depending on the gradual expansion of the company's capacity and the increase in the share of medium- and high-end equipment, the output of single-stage equipment will continue to increase in the following year
The marketing structure has been upgraded as a result of the promotion, with revenues expected to increase at a high rate of about 30% in the next three years. The demand for high-precision new coronary antibody testing and the spread of current lines of water following next year’s vaccination are also new performance elastic.
Due to relative competition abroad and the export of small equipment, mostly model 600/800, the company’s equipment premium capacity is low, and prices remain largely constant. Reagent sales: after the company’s prior roll-out period, the company’s overseas market starts the reagent release period, and reagent revenues will be raised in the future.
Keeping up 30% or more of the increase. Adding to the heat effects of the new crown box, income from overseas reagents is expected to increase by 50% in 2020, in summary terms: overseas markets are gradually beginning to enter reagent release periods, coupled with the acceleration of the company’s reputations and equipment accumulated during the epidemic, the company’s overseas revenues are expected to reach 50% this year and 25% in the next two years.
Precise (3) Epidemic Catalyses Overseas Markets (4) R & D pipelines are rich (5) Full Automated Water Lines are laid up for the first time and are covered, giving offshore sales less than expected: overseas sales are less certain and less risky than expected High competition leads to lower prices: industry competition increases and may pull in the future as Mike and Anton joins the chemical light market
The recurrence of the epidemic has led to a decline in detection levels: there is a recurring risk that the epidemic will have a direct impact on policy risks such as volume procurement, in addition to the new coronary virus test: the cost reduction policy for health insurance, in the case of volume procurement, will significantly lower the price of reagents.