New industry (300832.sz) Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
• The company is one of the leading chemical producers in the country, sharing a market of 70 billion, which is currently about 30 billion and is expected to reach 70 billion in 2030. As a leading chemical immune company in the country, the company has eight fully automated chemical luminous immune analysers.
In the context of the expanding in vitro diagnostic market, it is hoped that it will remain competitive and maintain its current leadership.
The new industry began with the logo “Royabesi”, which is competitive overseas. The global chemical lighting market is vast, with an estimated $27.2 billion in 2023, and the company’s vision is not limited to the country for 10 years, without forgetting its intentions. In 2020, h1, 932 external chemical lumination devices were sold, bringing the total to 7,000.
For the first time, revenue from offshore operations accounted for more than 50% of the company’s total revenue. We believe that the high growth in the company’s overseas operations (net of new crown reagents) is sustainable because of the lack of cultivation over the last 10 years.
Breaking through the pavilion hospital and the large third-party laboratory, waiting to be spent.
The sale of medium- and high-speed machines has risen to 50 per cent, while the number of level III hospitals has risen steadily, reaching 966, of which third level hospital coverage is 45.51 per cent, and the additional improvement of the infectious disease detection project, all of which will facilitate the upgrading of single births; at the same time, the Snibe brand is now well known in overseas markets.
The new industry: a pioneer in the field of chemical luminous national production 1.1 and a pioneer in the field of chemical luminous national production.
Henzhen City ' s new industry, Biomedical Engineering Co. Ltd., was established on 15 December 1995. The owner of the company is responsible for research, development, production, and marketing of a series of fully automated chemical luminous immune analysers and ancillary reagents, which are pioneers in the field of internal chemical luminous development, and the country ' s first team in the field of chemical luminous development.
Diagnosis, treatment monitoring, post-observation, health state evaluation, and genetic disease prediction. The company was the first to apply direct chemical photoimmunological analysis techniques and to achieve mass production of fully automated chemical luminous immunological analysers and ancillary reagents. In February 2010, the company issued China ' s first fully automated chemical development.
In 2018, the new industry successfully released the world's fastest automated chemical immune analysis system, Maglumix8, which we think is very much worth looking forward to and tracking.
In July 2017, new industry organisms were granted entry permits through the U.S. fda 510 (k) audit, officially becoming the first Chinese.
In July 2019, hepatitis C, developed biologically by the new industry, was successfully certified by the EU celista as China’s first highly certified chemical luminator. In the future, China’s chemical luminous (in vitro diagnostic) leader will be out of the country and face the country.
Worldwide, a new step is taken. 1.2, Focus Chemical Lights, Open Foreign Market Parts and Other 5%. At present, most of the company ' s annual profits come from reagent sales, and in recent years,
Reagent growth has been maintained at more than 20 per cent and reagent operations are expanding rapidly. The level of Māori for corporate products is high, and the overall Māori rate for companies remained around 80 per cent between 2017 and 2019. See, corporate business development thinking is the sales of instrument-driven reagents, the main profit point being reagents.
It is also worth mentioning that, due to the company ' s business structure, such as the unit price of the oncological marking test agent, figure 7: direct reagents account for 52 per cent of the cost (2019) The company has been on the overseas market since 2010 and has developed anti-government efforts, both at home and abroad, which have contributed to the strengthening of the single market.
In the overseas market, corporate products have entered 145 countries and territories. In 2019, the largest overseas market for companies was in Asia, accounting for 47.34 per cent of overseas sales, followed by South America, Europe, and Africa, accounting for 21.06 per cent, 16.72 per cent, and 13.42 per cent, respectively.
In the past, 80% and over, while the 2020h1 overseas income exceeded domestic income for the first time, with domestic revenues of 427 million, a decline of 23.67% over the same period; overseas income of 502 million, an increase of 242.42% over the same period. 2020h1, new overseas coronary tester revenues of 274 million yuan, mainly sold to the European and American regions, net of the contribution of new coronary reagents, still.
The increase of 55.58% over the same year indicates that overseas growth is on the fast track. There is much room for improvement in Māori overseas.
With the increase in overseas loading and reagent registrations, we expect that in the future Māori overseas rates will show the firm’s determination and action to break through overseas markets, showing confidence in its own instruments, reagents, and cross-country targets. We believe that China’s excellent chemical luminous enterprises will all move abroad in the future, and that new industries will take over.
The actual controlling person of the company is pre-empted and holds the direct equity ratio of the company.
As an example, 3.35% of the companies held 30.01% of their shares indirectly through the Tibet New Industries Investment Management Corporation Ltd., actually formed a new industry investment in August of the year and acted as President of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the new industry since 2004. February 2014-present, Executive Director of the new Tibet industry. August 2012-present, new industry biology.
The company's statutory representative, the current chairman and general manager, was the emblem. Prior to the release, members of the male and female family, who were actually in control of the emblem, formed a unified actor, holding a total of 135,024 thousand shares in the company, with 3.65% of the shares.
After joining the company in 1997, Mr. Xu Wei innovatively combined nano-complex magnetic microballs, abei luminescence and immunoanalysis techniques to create a direct magnetic separation chemical luminous immune analysis system, making the company the first company in the country to set up a full platform for direct chemical luminary analysis and industrialization.
A long-term self-reciprocal mechanism has been established with its own sales team and with its distributors.
The motivation of the Division ' s core team brought together concerns about the long-term development of the company, which in June 2020 launched the equity incentive scheme, which was awarded on 6 July 2020.
Incentives for restricted shares are for the six statutory executives of the company, while the remaining incentives are for type II restricted shares. Incentives are for 412 persons, including directors of the company, senior managers, and other people whose board of directors considers that there is a need for motivation.
The first category of restricted shares is released three times after meeting the test conditions, with 34%, 33% and 33% respectively, while the second category of restricted shares is assigned three times, with 34%, 33% and 33% respectively. Companies have chosen to use their annual operating income as an indicator of the growth rate of business income in 2019.
Sets a trigger value (an) and a target value (am), which is the minimum operating target set by the company for the period 2020-2022, i.e. an annual growth rate of business income of no less than 20 per cent, 44 per cent, 2 and chemical light: maintaining competitiveness in the context of market expansion in 2019.
2.1. The chemical luminous track is wide enough to expect an overseas chemical luminous market of $27.2 billion in size by 2023. According to marketsandmarkets, the global diagnostic market for immunization reached $20.90 billion in 2018, representing the market size of the in vitro diagnostic industry.
The largest sub-sector, with a combined growth rate of 6.1 per cent, is expected to grow to $27.15 billion by 2023, with North America, Europe and Asia as the main core markets. The in vitro diagnostic industry is at a high rate of development.
The market size of the in vitro diagnostic industry was 30 billion yuan, rising to 70.5 billion yuan in 2019, with a five-year compound growth rate of 18.6 per cent, well above the average global growth rate of the same period. According to a 20 per cent growth rate, the size of the country ' s IVD market will reach 84.6 billion yuan in 2020. In vitro diagnostic industries in China have been supporting policies in the last two decades, rising demand in downstream markets, and increasing demand in downstream markets.
Technological advances have led to tremendous growth and rapid industrialization. A large number of international companies of excellence have joined in to tap into market demand and drive industrial growth, while a large number of local companies have grown up in large industrial developments and actively compete in the market.
The country's chemical light is now 30 billion market size. The largest market for immuno-diagnostics is about 39% of the total market for external diagnostics (over 30 billion) and is the largest in vitro diagnosing category in the domestic market. The country's chemical light is expected to reach 70 billion in 2030.
In the context of the expanding in vitro diagnostic market, it is expected that the leading enterprises will maintain their competitiveness and maintain their current leadership by means of advanced instrumentation, variety of reagents, rapid technological upgrading and wide application of products.
The company has eight fully automated chemical luminous immune analysers, all of which have been certified as medical equipment products; has four fully automated biochemical analysers.
Need for test speed, sample and reagent loads; access to test materials covering thyroid, gland, oncology signs, metabolic, liver fibrosis, infectious diseases etc. to meet the detection needs of different users.
A whole series of low-speed to high-speed products can meet the needs not only for miniaturization of small clinics, social welfare, etc., but also for tri-a hospital, medical centres, and third-party inspection facilities. Specifically, there are currently five types of chemical luminescent diagnosing machines.
At medium scale, m4000plus and mx8 target medium- and large-sized medical institutions and are important products for companies competing with imported brands in large and medium-sized medical institutions.
The m4000plus was introduced by the company in 2017, replacing m4000 and further upgrading the function by maintaining the original high speed measurement and larger sample size characteristics, achieving a combination of same-type instruments or biochemists, better market response and higher sales every year since the launch; and the company launched mx8 in 2019, with a high speed.
Up to 600 tests/hours is one of the highest chemical luminous instruments in the current market and is connected to the same type of instrument, the biochemistry combination and the electrolytic analyser, which is a priority for medium-sized and large medical institutions. mx8 maintains the "zero failure" service concept, providing 24-hour round-the-clock service to clients, with more than 200 sensors in all directions.
Surveillance instrument components are active, intelligent malfunctions are recovered and the instrument is guaranteed round-the-clock accurate and reliable operation. Figure 13: Maglumix8 leads to full automatic chemical light into the "Age of Supervelocity" 2.3, the global solution for full laboratory automation is on the ground.
New industry creatures have worked strategically with Japan, Samerfield, to build a global hypervelocity full-scale laboratory automated waterline. In collaboration with Samir, a fully automated global solution for the satlars-tca laboratory was launched.
The product is equipped with the Samerfly Open Laboratory Automated System, mainly based on cooperation in diagnostics of immunization products; in cooperation with Japan, a laboratory-wide automated stream (maglumix8+labospect008as), using the company ' s high-speed luminous instrument, Maglumix8, and using the fastest-test biochemical global test in Japan, was launched.
Modules. The company has now completed the interface development with the two companies, and it is expected that by 2020 both of the h2 flow lines will be opened in the country. The company ' s main product for biochemical diagnostic products consists of 4 fully automated biochemical analysers and 45 ancillary reagents.
There are 45 biochemical reagents that will be certified by Japan. There are 14 other biochemical reagents, which are expected to be certified from 2020 to 2021, when the number of biochemical reagents registered in the country will be about 60, which will basically meet the country’s level III hospital needs. This could also be supplemented by working with other biochemical reagents in the country.
2.4 Combined domestic and foreign installation of 14,000 chemical luminescence units
As of the end of June 2020, the number of domestic loadings had exceeded 7,400 (an increase of 600 as compared with the end of 2019) and was in the lead among the country ' s chemically luminous diagnostics. The sale of corporate instruments and supporting software was not limited to hospital levels, from level III hospitals, level II hospitals, level I hospitals
From 2017 to 2019, level II hospitals and ungraded hospitals became the main players in the sale of corporate instruments and supporting software. Clients of ungraded hospitals were categorized as being more numerous, including the FP system, primary hospitals, private medical institutions (e.g. private hospitals, third-party testing centres) and companies were willing to dig for new customers.
Households, on the one hand, have also been actively involved in the bidding of provincial FP systems and primary hospitals, with good results, with a large number resulting in higher overall sales and sales by the company to this category of clients. On the overseas side, after-sale services to end-users are mainly performed by overseas distributors, with companies using overseas distributors.
The company is primarily responsible for training overseas dealers in specialized systems to familiarize them with product performance, precision marketing, precision equipment and the use of reagents, and to be able to process end-users in a timely manner.
The company uses lower instrument prices in overseas markets, and then acquires high rates of reagents from countries and regions in Asia, Europe, Africa, the Americas, etc., mainly in Asia and the Pacific, and sales earnings from overseas regions have been growing year by year, with a compound growth rate of 23.53 per cent in the last three years.
In the first half of 2020, there were 932 overseas chemical luminous immunization instruments sold, with the company ' s overseas operations earning a similar increase of 235 per cent and a 55.58 per cent increase in the same year, net of new crown reagents.
For the first time, more than 50%, we believe that the company’s high rate of growth in overseas operations is sustainable, owing to nearly 10 years of continuous cultivation, which has finally reached the harvest period. The company is now observing, trying to break through the pole hospital and the large third-party laboratory, and needs time to wait for the results.
Domestic and international instruments are in the upswing. Domestically, single production is expected to rise as high-end equipment upgrades and infectious disease projects are completed; overseas, companies are using small and medium-sized machines to take over the market, and the snibe brand is now well known in overseas markets, and it is now seen that large hospitals are beginning to use the upper and middle end of the company.
The company planned 5,000 chemical luminous instruments to produce energy. In May 2020, the company's research and development of new industrial organisms became fully operational in phase II, and three high-speed irrigation production lines became operational and the company's production capacity was significantly enhanced.
Currently, the company can produce 3,000 chemical luminous immune analysis systems, 500 x 8 and 4 million boxes (400 million copies) of diagnostic reagents per year, while it is expected that the construction of a new industrial bioresearch and development building, one of the fund-raising investment projects, will result in the production capacity of 5,000 fully automated chemical luminescent series instruments and will be added.
Production capacity of 5 million boxes of diagnostic reagents. 2.5. The reagent menu is the most market-wide company with fully automated chemical immune analysis reagents covering thyroid, glands, oncology markers, metabolism, liver
Fibrosis, infectious diseases, etc., amounting to 126 types, all of which are certified as products. These 126 reagents consist of regular and special projects, which are clinical tests that can be carried out by small or medium-sized clinical institutions, as well as by major importing brands in this field; special projects are those that companies can offer on the basis of large-scale medical care at home and abroad.
The research and development of the company reagent research and development team is focused on special clinical testing projects to continuously meet the needs of large clinical institutions in the country and abroad, such as lp-pla2, hypersensitive calcium proteini, 25-ovd, ca50, ca72-
Projects such as 4, ca24-2, cyfra21-1, scca, trab, rt3 are unique to companies, which currently have 21 major categories of tests. The top eight of the shares are, respectively, tumours, signs, 16, infectious diseases, thyroid functions, 11, osteoporosis, 6 and cardiovascular.
In February 2020, the pre-operative eight reagent certificate was changed, adding the applicable type of machine x 8, which is a high-speed machine x8 to the market.
Among chemically active reagents, the industry has a relatively large share of detection projects, mainly tumor markers, infectious diseases (pre-operative eight), sex hormones, and thyroid functions. The company also has a lower share of infectious diseases than its peers, which is a future increase of 3, technology comprehensive, and reagent instrumentation with a high rate of self-production.
The company owns four major technological platforms for nanoimmagnetic microball development, fully automated chemical luminous instrument development, fully automated chemical reagent development, reagent material development, and, in instrument manufacturing, the company ' s fully automated chemical luminous instrument development technology platform has national and international leadership.
Key technologies for autochemical immune analysis systems, biochemical analysis systems, and integrated analysis systems. Self-produced instruments facilitate the identification of the root causes of the problem at the earliest opportunity and address them immediately.
Microball and antibodies connection technology, antigen antibodies abei marking and purity technology, chemical photolithics preparation technology, various buffers, dilution fluid preparation technology, etc. are all autonomously developed by companies. From a Māori ratio point of view, the cost of producing raw materials is not too high, and the layout is more autonomous.
The company has developed autonomously the nanoimmagnetic microballic preparation technology, which is the core technology for a fully automated chemical photo-immunological analysis reagent. The technology provides a method for the preparation of magnetic microballs for bioprotein separation, for the treatment of magnetic microballoids through the formulation and use of appropriate emulsions, and for micromagnesics through the amalgamation of emulsions.
A modifier of the spherical surface to obtain a magnetic microball with a polypropylate polymer layer over the top of the bread, which, when used for bioprotein separation, does not affect the ability to connect to specific proteins, is significantly reduced non-specific adsorption to other proteins, and provides separation work to achieve high protein-specific adsorption adsorption.
The company has obtained a patent authorization for a fully automated chemical photo-immunological reagent preparation technology, i.e. magnetic separation straight, with a chemical luminous reagent and a test method for the reagent. The technology involves a direct chemical luminous reagent for magnetic separation and its test method, mainly the introduction of a pyromino derivative as a light marker, and sheep resistance fitc multiple cloning of antibodies.
The package of immunomagnetic microbes is used as a separation reagent, and both naoh and h2o2 are used as a direct magnetic chemical reagent and test method for light-emitting substrates; the reagents described in this invention are stable, non-polluted, undissolved and not influenced by environmental factors, and the tests described are fast and accurate.
In the first half of 2020, new crown reagents were sold at $274 million, with a high Māori rate, which increased the overall Māori rate.
But we conservatively assume that there will no longer be new reagent sales in the second half of the year and beyond, and that in fact, there is a three-fold logic of new coronary tests, single-product increases, and overseas growth, which we cover for the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating. Product quality risk; aggregate price reduction risk; overseas political, exchange rate, etc.; and the epidemic continues to outpace expectations.