On July 10, 2020, the company earned 1,324 million yuan in 2019 as a chemical luminous reagent, keeping it in the country's first echelons.
Cao Xuant Māori has over 80% Māori, over 90% Māori for luminous reagents and the highest in the industry. 122 luminous reagents have been licensed by companies and the highest in the industry.
The company has a relatively high share of low-speed instruments and at least double the potential for future single-organic output. The company was only responsible for more than 40% of maglumi 800 (180t/h, 40 sample, 9 reagents).
The average single machine output is 170,000/year. Almost all the autolumoa 2000plus (200t/h, 100 sample, 24 reagent) are co-workers, with a single machine output of 300,000/year. With the company ' s medium-high-speed instrument, maglumix8 (600t/h, 300 sample, 42 reagent), maglumi
4000 plus (280t/h, 144 sample, 25 reagent) fast-disbursing, future single-organic output The company reagent project has a 70% price entry price of imported brands and has a value-for-money advantage. At the same time, under the existing mechanism for the development of a testing project for the procurement of global raw materials, accompanied by continuous experimental screening, the company has developed a self-study project.
It is only a matter of time before the company’s end-covering is fully aligned with import brands, with 36% coverage of the company’s level-III hospital, 21% coverage of the level-II hospital, and professional Antolites.
With medium- and high-speed equipment on the market, the company’s output is expected to increase even further. The company’s overseas operations account for more than 20% of the total, with the highest industry with greater capacity for performance elasticity.
The sale of new overseas reagents has led the company as a whole to maintain a growth rate of more than 20% in the first half of the year. The company’s natural R & D gene is available to its president, Mr. Xiao Wei, who is himself a leader in R & D, injecting the company’s R & D gene.
High Growth Report in the Medical Equipment Industry, where research and development inputs are increasing by more than 40%. Investment proposal: Progress in product development and terminal delivery capacity are key to determining the continued high growth of company operations.
The company is a high-quality indicator of performance growth, taking into account the impact of the epidemic on the company's expected high-quality, pure and positive target in the chemical luminous field.
1.1 The new industry was established in 1995 to focus on the development, production and sale of immuno-analysis instruments and reagents. In 2005, the company successfully developed a quasi-automated chemical luminescent analyser and ancillary reagents series and achieved their development.
Industrialization. In 2008, the company pioneered the development of a fully automated chemical luminous immune analyser and set of reagents for nanomagnetic microballs, marked by small molecular organic compounds, in the country, which is now fully equipped with nanomagnetic microballs and a fully automated chemical luminous immunoanalysis machine.
R & D, R & D, R & D of fully automated chemical immune analysis reagents, etc. 1.2 Situated in the country ' s first echelons in the field of chemical luminology 1.68 billion yuan gross operating income in the new industry in 2019, and 1.324 billion yuan in immuno-diagnostic reagents.
The size of the income of the companies involved in the second echelon of chemical light is still relatively close to that of the company. In 2019, the Vantaa bioimmun diagnosis generated 690 million (of which 228 million were chemically produced), the Mike Biology Immunodiagnosis earned 470 million (of which 320 million) and the Yafilong Immunodiagnostic Diagnosis earned 440 million (of which 320 million were chemically emitted).
Figure 2: Growing income and profit growth at the firm ' s steady position in the country ' s first echelon of chemical light 1.3.1 Total operating income of the company in 2019, 1.68 billion yuan per year, 22 per cent per year, and compound growth in 2012-2019
We believe that this is largely due to the fact that the company, as a pioneer in the field of chemical luminum in the country, has put in the highest quantity of equipment in stock, and that it has received a relatively high share of small and medium-sized machines with weak capacity, which in part affects the pace of growth by 2015.
The main reason for the slowdown in the overall growth rate in the post-industry sector (the company ' s inventory reached 4,000 units in 2016, followed by a slow decline in the number of new deliveries) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• The company’s sales model does not have a regional head-in-chief, which may have some impact on the pace of product diffusion. The company’s historical statements are highly volatile in terms of profits, in particular the implementation of employee equity incentives in 2015 and the implementation of equity spending
One thing is consistent with industry-wide patterns. In 2019, companies completed a net profit of $770 million, an increase of 11% compared to the previous year, with a compound increase of 19.8% between 2017 and 2019.
The sale of low lighting instruments grew faster, while the expansion of the company ' s sales and research and development team in 2019 led to sales. Figure 3: Changes in earnings earned by the new industry over the years, affected by the new crown epidemic, recorded a decrease of 8.4 per cent in corporate business completion in the first quarter of 2020;
The net profit of $110 million, a 19.8 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, benefited from the gradual control of the domestic epidemic and the sale of new crown reagents overseas. 1.3.2 The net profit-making advantage of selling Maori is leading the company’s profit-making peers. The company’s combined Māori rate was 80 per cent in 2019, and remained largely stable.
The closing period cost rate remained generally stable, with sales rates of 19.5 per cent in 2019, management costs of 3 per cent, R & D costs of 7.1 per cent, financial costs of 0.4 per cent and corporate combined M & A rates of 0.4 per cent leading industry peers, mainly because of the high levels of chemical luminous M luminous M luminium in almost all of the Department ' s main business.
1.3.3 Overseas business expansion provides important business support, higher than their counterparts in the in vitro diagnostics industry, and more visible outward-looking enterprises. In 2018, the company's sales of overseas reagents have exceeded the sales of instruments, showing that the company's stock of equipment delivered abroad has been continuously maintained.
At present, the output of the company’s domestic equipment is around 170,000 units, the production of overseas equipment alone began in March 2020, the global epidemic is becoming more severe, benefiting from the continued overseas spread of the new coronary tester, and the company’s overall performance in the first half of the year is significantly better than previously expected. We believe that domesticization is taking place.
In the context of the shrinking market space for the remaining market balances of the learning light market, the company ' s continued overseas layout will provide a solid support for the expansion of the business map.
The new industry in Tibet is a shareholder in the company, with a shareholding rate of 30.01%. The statutory representative, Mr. Chenjing, has served as Deputy Director of the Finance and Finance Department of the National Committee, Chief of the Securities Department of the Treasury and Treasury Department, and first member of the National Securities Supervisory Board, Shenzhen.
Corporate management is centred on senior experts in the field of chemical light. Mr. Xiao Wei, the current Managing Director of the company, created magnetic separation through the innovative combination of nanomagnetic microballs, abei luminium synthesis, immunoanalysis techniques.
The company’s first interim stockholders’ meeting in 2015 considered and adopted the company’s shareholding scheme, which included middle managers and above, as well as other employees, with a total of 458 at the time of its initial establishment.
An employee is involved in the subscription of an employee’s shareholding scheme. Immediately after the company’s listing, a restrictive equity incentive scheme of 6.08 million shares was issued, covering a total of 414 persons, or 23.52% of the total number of employees of the company (1,760 as at 31 December 2019).
2. The company has the dual competitiveness of product and terminal coverage.
The scale of the chemical luminous market is still growing. For the market space in the chemical luminous field, more authoritative data are not yet available. As the most important component of the in vitro diagnostics of the core branch of immunization, we can also look at the growth potential of this track.
Billion yuan, an increase of 18.4 per cent over the same period, the size of the domestic in vitro diagnostic market, which, according to alliedmarketresearch, has grown by nearly 20 per cent in the last three years, is expected to continue to grow in the future.
Chemical light, which is the dominant form of immunization diagnosis, has been rapidly replaced by methods such as immunisation of enzymes, thanks to its high sensitivity, speciality, automation, precision and accuracy. Chemical light has also become widely available in our high-end market, according to medi.
Research projects that China ' s share of the chemical light market will be more than 90% in 2025. 2.1.2 Domestic firms still have significant import replacement space, except for chemical light itself, which continues to grow rapidly, and for domestic firms, the greater space and logic comes from
The main reasons for this are: first, the absolute dominance of the domestic chemical lighting market is still the international giant. At present, the leading companies in the country have a new industry, Antobi, Murray's Health, and a second has a Mike Beast, a Yafilong.
According to data published by the Institute of Industrial Research, the share of domestic enterprises in the overall chemical light market is about 30%. Second, in some areas, the performance of national producers is close to that of foreign countries. Some infectious diseases, oncology markers, etc.
In the field, the chemical luminescence of national producers, ranging from instrument stability to reagent accuracy, cv variability, etc., has become closer and closer to foreign products. This essentially offers the possibility of import substitution. Thirdly, domestic production of luminous reagents has a clear price advantage over imported products.
The lower cost of reagents, provided that price standards are established, is clearly significant for all levels of health care, unlike the open system of biochemical reagents, where chemical light is a closed system, requiring instruments and reagents to be accompanied by research and production, in order to guarantee the stability and traceability of the test results.
Two of the most critical elements of chemical luminators are, first, the size of the accompanying inspection projects and the results of the tests, and, secondly, the level of performance of the equipment and the number of drops. Of these two key elements, the company’s products are highly competitive.
The company has the country’s most complete list of chemically luminous diagnostic reagents. The company has developed more than 150 fully automotive chemosynthetic reagents covering thyroid, gland, oncology, cardiovascular and myocardial markers, sugar metabolism, osteoporosis, liver fibrosis, kidney function, infectious disease, eugenic eugenics, prenatal screening, inflammation surveillance,
Drug surveillance, eb virus, anaemia, etc., of which 122 reagents have obtained product registration certificates, have a full class coverage and are firmly at the forefront of domestic and international enterprises.
Several major chemical-emitting reagent projects, infectious diseases, oncology markers, nails, hormones, together, account for about 80% of the market share. But in four mainstream projects, which account for the majority of the market share, the stability of the results of the international giant hair light product tests is high.
And it's the most central element of the hospital terminal's technology to measure chemical light products. So, with the stability of the good tests, the foreign capital, the Four People, has been locked in the main testing program for chemical light. Each giant has set up an industry “gold standard” in a given field, Rhodes' strong project is tumors, and Yapee's infection.
There is a high level of recognition for the disease, and Siemens and Beckman have established advantages in hormones and nails, respectively.Figure 15: Chemical luminum detection projects account for the share of the disease.
In addition to the 52.9 per cent of the total reagent sales revenue for both types of projects, the company-specific tests, itemamh (anti-Mullerella tube hormones), g17 (intestinal genin-17), iv (antigens and antibodies for human immunodeficiency virus), syphilis (metal spiral antibodies) are competitive in large medical institutions.
The company currently has eight chemical luminometer products covering 120-600 frequency bands.
The product is adapted to the needs of the various types of medical institutions from level I to level III, with a complete maglumix8, which is the company's highest-level machine, with a speed of 600 tests/hours, is one of the highest chemical luminous instruments measured in the current market and can be combined with the same type of instrument, the biochemistry and the electrolytic analysis unit.
Maglumi800 is the company’s main mini-machine, accounting for about 40% of the company’s stock of equipment. The company is currently developing the corresponding mini-machine under the X8 series, which will replace Maglumi800 as the main one in the future.
The product, with a speed of 200t/h, is expected to be marketable in 2021.maglumi4000pus is the company's head start with a higher speed, larger sample volume and a similar type of instrument or biochemistry combination function, which is mainly directed to level II and above medical institutions and has been more responsive to the market since its launch.
The annual sales are high, accounting for about 20% of the sales of the company's luminous equipment. In terms of single-organic test speeds, sample and reagent positions, the company's main hit product is technically, and the company's chemical luminous technology platform is no better than the international mainstream.
This platform is currently being developed mainly on the basis of direct chemical luminous methods, and some of the products of Solin, Yape and Siemens in foreign firms, where, in aggregate, mainstream luminous technology platforms have strengths and weaknesses, and cannot say who's good or who's bad.
Unlike some internationally recognized diagnostic companies, which outsource their instruments to specialized firms, most of the components of the company's fully automated chemical immune analysis instrument are developed autonomously.
It also allows companies to respond faster and more precisely to end-user feedback. According to our industry research, the company’s chemically luminous reagent hospital is selling at an average of about 70% of its import brand.
2.2.5 The future of chemical light technology follow-up prospects are clear for global supply chains and the spread of automated products, which will accelerate the stability of corporate product testing results to the international giants. As already mentioned, the core criterion for measuring the quality of chemical light products at hospital terminals is screening.
The main factors affecting the stability of the product test results are two: the supply capacity of one raw material, and the ability to benchmark and validate the technology. Globalization procurement accelerates the construction and project development capacity of the company’s raw materials bank.
None of the light projects has been marked nationally. For a long time, the general steps for testing reagent development in the domestic chemical luminous enterprises were to procure antibody raw materials in large quantities on the international market and then to conduct antigen antibody matching tests on an item on the self-producer, and to calculate the accuracy of the tests with the same item as the target company.
We have reason to believe that, as the global supply chain brings together the supply of continuing raw materials and the company’s long-term experiments, we will be able to develop a new test project that will match the company’s own equipment.
The company's antibody bank will be increasingly enriched, and the company's self-research project will continue to improve in abundance and accuracy.
It's easy to find that a company's ability to sift the right combination out of a huge antibody bank quickly and well is critical to the stability of the company's future product detection and to the increase in the number of types. This screening process depends on repeated manual operations, slow to say, and difficult to be accurate, before automated chemical testing equipment emerges.
Guarantee. With the emergence of higher-performance automated instruments, future company product design and development will continue to cover 2.3 terminal hospitals with significant potential for improvement.
Since the mainstream testing project is currently dominated by “Royabesi,” domestic firms have been able to replace the import project with equipment in the end-of-pipe hospitals, mainly through the advantages of some small projects.
On this basis, hospitals are gradually testing new state-of-the-art equipment that has been released, and national production substitution will be possible only if the clinical stability of a particular item is met and the cost advantage of a national reagent is added.
Depending on the project's integrity and value for money, the channel, the competitive strategy of national production, the advantage of taking over the hospital and gradually increasing its strength.
At this stage, the chemical luminous enterprise is in the process of running around with equipment, and the project is still very rich.
The current chemical luminous equipment in the country is far from saturated at the hospital terminal. According to our industry research, the output of equipment delivered within the company is about 170,000 units, and the output of equipment delivered by the Antolite industry is about 170,000 units, depending on the type of instrumentation.
With about 300,000, we expect an average of 400,000-500,000 unit output from future national chemical luminescence companies, and thus domestic firms are constantly competing for loads, more so by setting up “places” for import substitutions for upcoming testing projects.
The company has invested in the stock-equipment lead industry, which will take the lead in switching the collection drivers, i.e., further national production replacements for the restructuring and testing projects that have been put into stock machines. Currently, the company has more than 7,000 luminous devices in the country, far above industry peers, but the share of low- and medium-speed equipment in the company’s stock is also higher.
With less room for growth in the unit output of the equipment, the maglumi 4000 plus and maglumix8 machines are excellent products in medium- and high-speed instruments, and their rapid release in high-level hospitals in the future will still have great potential for 2.3.2 terminal coverage in high-level hospitals.
At the end of 2019, the number of company distributors and terminal hospitals was 2,000, covering more than 5850 end-of-life medical facilities, which was lower than the proportion of biochemicals.
The company has a strong lead, especially with regard to level II below hospital coverage. With the advantage of value for some of the mainstream projects, and the abundance of luminous equipment products in the leading industry,
The company has the capacity to cover all levels of hospitals in a comprehensive manner, and will still have great potential in the future. The coverage of level III hospitals remains high. The company’s product has covered 907 level III hospitals, representing only 35.6% of the country’s level III hospitals, less than 60% of the Antu organisms.
The company’s products cover 1848 level II hospitals nationwide, representing only 20.5% of the country’s level II hospitals. The low coverage of the company’s level II hospitals is related to the company’s instrumentation, which is mainly sold rather than delivered, and will be more likely to be placed in reagents because the distributor bears the cost of the instrument.
The company will increase its outreach to level-II hospitals after listing, covering 320 level-I hospitals, or 1% of the country's level-I hospitals, which is mainly related to chemical luminometers at level-I, with low hospital deployment rates.
Coverage of 2775 ungraded hospitals, representing 26.1 per cent of the country ' s ungraded hospitals, is more classified by clients, including the FP system, basic hospitals, private medical institutions, icl, etc., with a stronger end demand feedback capability in the sales model of 2.3.3 companies
At present, the country’s dominant chemical luminous enterprises, with their different sales patterns, Méri’s medicine has adopted a sophisticated recruitment model, the new industry has adopted a natural double-counting model, and the Antobi has adopted a master-generation model. The refined recruitment model is characterized by the requirement that agents and distributors complete their own end-user resources with manufacturers.
All-shared, this model will connect very closely to the hospital terminal, the product will spread quickly, and the demand and price of the hospital terminal will be passed on in a timely manner. But the general intergenerational model for the company’s ability to match prices and sales teams is usually a regional master in a provincial region, where the company is completing the product and the money.
The advantage of this model is that the distributors are poorly managed, businesses grow together with distributors, and strong partnerships can be established. The disadvantage is that the company’s integration with the hospital terminals is loose and stored in the transmission of end demand and price information.
The natural two-count model adopted by the new industry, i.e., the absence of a regional master-in-chief concept, was developed and maintained by companies directly with distributors at all levels, their sales and product teams, together with distributors. The advantage of this model was that it was easier to open markets quickly when the market for pre-products was less well known.
The point is that it is difficult to manage channels, which are prone to malign competition among distributors. After decades of corporate industry farming, there is now a considerable accumulation of new industries in terms of brand visibility and coverage, and the natural double vote model’s stronger demand feedback advantages are becoming apparent.
The model will be more beneficial to technological advances and the replication of the company’s products. 2.3.4 Companies have built up national influence and, with a nationwide team of distributors and salesmen, they have broken through the inherent constraints of regional enterprises.
As a company based in Shenzhen, the composition of the country's revenues, the South Central Region, the East China region and the South-West region contributed the vast majority of the company's operations, showing good national channels for chemical light performance to continue to grow steadily.
Thanks to the company’s pre-existing advantages in the field of chemical luminous development and the vast product lines of its leading peers, the company currently has about 7,000 instruments in its domestic stock. In recent years, its domestic and overseas instruments have been placed on a more stable scale, with reagent revenues growing at about 20%.
With regard to instrumentation, the epidemic has further boosted the company’s chemical luminous equipment, but has had a negative impact on overseas operations. Given the company’s already large base of domestic luminous equipment, we expect to achieve 1300, 1,000, 1,000 units of domestic luminous equipment in 2020-2022, with an average single machine price.
135,000 yuan; 1,000, 1500, 1,600 foreign luminous instrumentors at an average unit price of 85,000 yuan.According to the sale of reagents, we expect an average unit output of 16.1, 17, 180,000 yuan per year of domestic inventory equipment for the period 2020-2022, with the progressive import substitution of company luminous testing projects; and countries with new crown reagents.
External listing has contributed to an increase in the output of single machines overseas, but when the future outbreak is contained, this marginal increase will not exist, and we expect the average output of single machines in foreign stocks to be 6, 5, 55,000 yuan/year.
The company ' s modular chemical, biological and chemical immune analysis system, Biolumi 8,000, was certified as a medical instrument in 2019. The instrument was the first in the country to integrate chemical light analysis, biochemical analysis, electrolytic analysis of the tla flow line. The company built it through the integration of solar advantage biochemistry and the seymer-flying streaming process.
Its own satlas-tca stream product, whose main technical indicators have been added to the mainstream industry ladder, has not yet achieved domestic loading.
The company has R & D genes. The chairman of the company, Mr. Xiao Wei, is a doctor of engineering, and during the course of his reading, he worked with his mentor on new nanoimmagnetic microballs that can be applied in the fields of cell separation, genetic separation and immuno-qual analysis.
The technological foundation of the company in nanomagnetically complex microbes, abei synthesizing, immuno-analysis techniques, etc., is set up by Mr. Xiao Wei personally. The leaders’ vast research experience has brought a good R & D gene to the company.
Millions of dollars, or 42 per cent more than the previous year, have been growing at an annual rate of more than 40 per cent in recent years, far beyond the same period in terms of company camp 1 and instrumentation. The epidemic has further boosted the domestic loading of the company's chemical luminous instruments, but it has had a negative impact on overseas operations. Given the company's already large base of luminous instruments in the country, we anticipate that it will be able to produce more than 40 per cent of the total.
Between 2020 and 2022, 1300, 1,000 and 1,000 domestic luminous instruments were installed, with an average unit cost of $135,000; 1,000, 1500 and 1600 foreign luminous instruments were installed at an average unit cost of $85,000.2 With regard to the sale of ancillary reagents, we expect that as the company ' s luminous testing project progresses towards import substitution
The average unit output of domestic stock equipment from 2020 to 2022 was $16.1, 17, 180,000/year; the foreign listing of new crown reagents contributed to the increase in output of overseas single aircraft, but this marginal increase will not be repeated when the future outbreak is contained.
With a high-growth track of light and a leading position among domestic firms, and with an import-substitution and overseas competitive power, we look forward to the company’s long-term development, covering for the first time, with an increased rating. 1) Core product sales are below expectations.
At a time when companies may face increased industry competition as other domestic firms introduce chemical light products, resulting in the company ' s core product, magnetic particulate chemical luminous instrumentation, not being delivered as expected. (2) The company ' s overseas operations account for 20 per cent of the total revenue, and the current situation of the epidemic abroad has not improved significantly.
Trends, if not continuously improved, will have an impact on the sale of corporate instruments abroad.3 Corporate sales patterns have a certain impact on the speed with which new products are being promoted, and conservative marketing strategies during the switchboards, if not adjusted in a timely manner, may gradually widen the gap with industry peers.
4) The company has sold a relatively high share of medium- and low-speed instruments in its stock, and if the medium- and high-speed instruments fail to meet expectations, the subsequent upgrading of single-machine output will lack space. The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.