Medical Health Research Centre New Industries (300832.sz) Purchase (first rating) National chemical luminous pioneers, both in and out of the country
The company’s deep-deep chemical luminous field is a national chemical luminous leader. The first fully automated chemical luminous instrument and ancillary reagent were successfully marketed in 2010; became the first national chemical luminator to gain access to the United States fda in 2017; and the world’s fastest tests were released in 2018.
The chemical luminous instrument Maglumix8; in 2019, hep C was certified by the European Union celista, and in May 2020 the company landed on an entrepreneurial board, raising $1.2 billion, mainly for research and development and marketing network expansion, to become a leader in the field of chemical luminous national production.
Chemical light is the fastest growing and largest sub-sector in immunization diagnosis, with about $30 billion expected to be out in 2020, the golden track with the greatest growth potential in vd. The country's chemical light market is about 80% of the “Royasibe” market, with a large national production replacement space. The chemical luminous national production replacement is a long line.
Engineering needs to move ahead in a step-by-step manner, first by taking over the grass-roots empty incremental market and then by taking over the high-end stock market of hospitals. With the company’s technological advancement, product performance, and brand visibility increasing, it is hoped that it will take the lead in reaping the replacement dividend of national production.
Technology accumulation + product line abundance + load leadership + both in and out of the country + build high company competition to protect the city river. 1) Technology: Four mature technology platforms have been established for instrumentation, reagents, raw materials, nanoimmagnetic microball development and constantly translate technological advantages into product line advantages. 2) Product lines: 8 ownership
Chemical luminous instruments and 122 ancillary reagents to meet user-differentiated detection needs. 3) Load: over 13,000 installed worldwide, over 6,800 in the country, leading by reagents provide a solid basis. 4) Channel: dual-wheel-drive development, both within and outside the country, has been largely completed to cover the country and beyond.
Marketing networks in key overseas markets are expected to gradually contribute to greater performance elasticity. Terminal loads are a prerequisite and basis for corporate performance, and reagent single-product upgrading is a central driver of growth in chemical luminous industries.
In view of the rapid growth of the chemical luminous industry and the long-term replacement dividend for national production, companies have built up pre-eminence and become more competitive in terms of technology, product lines, loads, and marketing networks.
The company is valued using the pe valuation method, giving the company a target market value of $82.3 billion over a 12-month period, the risk of performance effects of the new crown epidemic, the risk of a single business, the overvalued market risk, the risk of raw material purchases, the risk of the distributor model, the risk of new product development and registration, and the risk of overseas market expansion.
National chemical pioneers, strong growth, deep-farming chemical luminous, 25-carrying, internationally-produced chemical luminous leader, Inc. was founded in December 1995 and placed on the market in May 2020 at a deep-seated business board.
For almost 25 years, the chemical luminous industry has been a pioneer in the national production of chemical luminescence, with a deep technological build-up, a rich product line, a high end load and a combination of domestic and foreign channels.
The company has eight fully autonomous chemical luminous immune analysers and 122 ancillary reagents, and four fully automated biochemical analysers.
The instrument gradients meet the needs of different users for testing speed, sample and reagent loads.
• The company's instrument load is the first in the country, with over 13,000 installed worldwide and over 6,800 in the country. The chemical light containment system determines that loading is the basis and prerequisite for performance, with the leading load pushing the sales of the company's reagents up from year to year, and the profitability of the company continues to improve.
The company is now largely established as a marketing network covering key national and overseas markets, with both domestic and foreign channels being repaired, and its products exported to 143 countries and regions, including Asia, Europe, the Americas, Africa and Oceania, with a rising share of external sales revenue.
The company has established a wealth of customer resources in the country and is steadily consolidating market pre-eminences. There are more than 2,000 dealers in the country, with more than 6,800 installed and more than 5,800 end-of-life treatment facilities, which are among the highest in the country’s chemically luminous diagnostics.
To date, the number of companies has been: 135 domestic patents for 16 offshore patents for 19 software copyrights for 7 works, 122 chemical photoreagent registration certificates, 41 biochemical reagent registration certificates, and 8 instruments, so far, the effective control over the ownership of 3.35 per cent of the company's shareholdings through the new Tibet industry.
Investments are indirectly held by 26.73% of companies. The chairman and general manager of the company has a modest share of 13.75%. Tianjin Redwood, the second largest shareholder of the company, holds a direct share of 15.69%. The company has two subsidiaries, the New Industries of Hong Kong and the New Industries of India: a Sun Company.
Hong Kong's new industrial holdings were set up in early 2020. It is proposed that Hong Kong's new industries and Hong Kong's new industrial holdings, to be funded by a fully-owned Sun Corporation in Russia, are still in the preparatory phase.
Key functions such as clearing, logistics transit, etc., are also the subject of the first launch of a fund-raising investment project, the BioOverseas Outreach Project for New Industries. The company’s core managers have a longer tenure and a stable team.
For the inventors, 75 patents were applied for, and R & D was awarded first prizes for technological inventions in Shenzhen City, second prizes for sound growth in earnings and continued growth in profitability.
With annual compound profit growth rates of 25.3% and 25.0%, respectively, steady growth over the years has highlighted the competitiveness of good public goods and good market competition. The share of corporate reagent revenue has increased year by year, increasing profitability.
The core driving force behind the growth in performance during the period increased significantly, from 67% to 79% of corporate reagent revenue in 2014-2019. Based on the company’s leading end loads, both within and outside the country, and a growing reagent menu, future reagent contributions are expected to continue to increase.
The company has developed a positive trend, and the cost rate has remained stable and slightly increased over the period. Biochemical reagents have been registered and are in the process of being reviewed by the Drug Enforcement Authority.
As a result of the gradual expansion and improved distribution of the distribution network, company management costs have been maintained at a relatively stable level, with the 2020q1 management rate moving mainly to the new industry bio-building, the increase in the share of renovation costs and the increase in the exchange of registration certificates.
The high barrier, the fast-growing and space-based chemical luminous industry is the most promising track for ivd, the high technical barrier, which makes it easier for pioneers to build up technological advantages, the high threshold of chemical luminous technology, the difficulty of developing it, and the future development of magnetic particulate luminous technology.
Inwards. Magnetic particles are larger than the surface area, allow for more confrontational or antibodies to be packed, increase detection sensitivity, and, with extra-magnetic field action, fully automate the clean-up of non-combined substances and significantly improve detection efficiency, so that magnetic particulate chemical luminous technologies are among the most advanced mainstream immunizations in the world.
Diagnosing technology has also become the focus of research and development by chemical luminators in the country. The model of the development of medical equipment spirals determines the ease with which entryists can build up technological methods and gradually update their ethos, ultimately winning the market with stable performance and good brand visibility.
It is a rose of time, and it is difficult for later entrants to break the technical barriers that have been established by the pioneers in the short term, and it is hoped that technological advantages will translate into product-line advantages and market advantages. The sub-sector with the fastest growth in immunization diagnostics is in the rapid and long term.
▪ Immunisation diagnosis is a clinical test based on antigen-antibody reactions, including radioimmunisation, enzyme communisation, fluorescent immunisation, time-discreet fluorescent, chemical luminum and glue gold, and chemical luminous substitution enzyme immunisation is becoming the dominant technology for internal immunisation diagnosis.
vd is a gold track with high growth in medical equipment. According to frost&sullivan, the average annual compound growth rate in our vd industry is higher than the overall annual compound growth rate in medical equipment, the market is booming in our vd market, immunization diagnostics are one of the fastest growing branches of the vd, and national producers are actively opening markets and accelerating access.
Figure 16: China’s immunization diagnostic industry is growing faster than the vd industry
And gradually replace backward qualitative and semi-quantifiable enzyme immunisation, radioimmunisation detection methods.
Chemical lumination, which accounts for the largest share of the market in immunization diagnosis, is expected to be about 30 billion yuan in 2020. Chemical luminous development is the direction of the upgrading of the diagnosis of immunization, which is the dominant technique in immunization diagnosis. According to frost&sullivan, which accounts for more than 30% of the market in ivd, the largest sub-sector in ivd.
And chemical light accounts for about 85% of the market for immunization diagnostics, with domestic firms accounting for only about 20% of the market share, and national production substitutes have much room for imagination. Chart 20: Immunization diagnostics account for the largest share of the country’s vd market.
Figure 21: China ' s chemical lighting plant is expected to be 30 billion yuan in 2020, and our national production replacement in the chemical light industry is long-line work that needs to be phased in. The strategy is to move from the bottom up, in primary health-care institutions that have not been graded and graded, the country ' s chemical-lighting industry takes over first.
Blank incremental market; in middle-level medical establishments of secondary level, national producers use chemical luminous methods to replace backward qualitative, semi-quantifiable tests with a value-for-money advantage; and, finally, in high-end markets of tertiary level hospitals, national producers first enter with special projects, complete instrumentation, and wait for instrumentation.
Reagent performance is improving, branding is increasing, and importing companies are gradually taking over level III hospitals
The company has built up a 25-carried technology accumulation platform for nanoimmagnetic microball development, a fully autonomous platform for the development of chemical luminescent instruments, a fully automated platform for the development of chemical photoreagents and the development of reagent raw materials.
Platforms, building on these four technological platforms, companies have achieved significant technological and technological innovation  In 2005, companies successfully developed and industrialized an automated chemical luminous immune analysis series of reagents.In 2008, companies pioneered the development of small molecular organic compounds separated from nanomagnetic microballs in the country.
The labeled maglumi 2000 fully automated chemical photo-immunological analyser and 68 sets of reagents, such as thyroid, gland, bloated tumor signs, sugar metabolites, etc., were industrialized in 2010. The company then introduced maglumi 2000prus, maglumi 1000, maglumi 600,
The company attaches great importance to R & D inputs and the R & D cost rate increases from year to year.
120 million yuan, representing about 7.1 per cent of operating income; the rate of R & D costs for company 2020q1 has been raised to 9.6 per cent, and the rate of R & D costs on a continuous basis has provided a solid basis for R & D roll-out.
174, of which 132 were chemically luminous, representing 75.9 per cent of the total of 31 reagents in the company have been registered and are in the ODCCP audit phase, and are abundant in the reagent menu.
▪ The company owns eight different types of fully automated chemical luminous immunoanalysts with different models and features, covering low, medium and high-speed different types of machines that can meet the differentiated needs of end-users.
Maglumix8, which targets large and medium-sized health-care institutions, is an important product of competition between companies and imported brands in large and medium-sized health-care institutions. As the number of machines is growing, the company’s services to end-use medical institutions have steadily increased their sales of chemical-lighting instruments and sales earnings, with slight fluctuations in some years.
Lower than 2017 in 2018, mainly due to higher overall domestic loading, a slowdown in the need for medical facilities, and a recovery in the demand for terminals in 2019.
Reagent uplifting income is the main driver of growth in performance  Chemical luminous reagents covering thyroid, glands, oncology markers, metabolics, liver fibrosis, transmission of diseases, etc., have been obtained in 122 batches, which basically meet the need for clinical testing.
Reagent sales and sales revenues have continued to grow at a high rate, with revenues growing at a slightly lower rate than sales, mainly as a result of a slight decline in unit prices for reagent sales due to increased competition in the market. The chemical luminous closed system determines that reagent sales revenue is a central driver of growth in its performance.
The amount of the agent income can be decomposed and multiplied by the reagent output of a single set of instruments, so the load and reagent product alone is the relatively stable structure of the reagent types in the top ten sales earnings of the company, with the highest percentage of tumour signs, followed by thyroid, cardiovascular and myocardial signs, etc., and the relatively low prevalence of infectious disease items.
Eight pre-operative reagents were not approved as part of the package. Currently, the company's infectious disease projects such as hepatitis C have been approved, the “pre-operative eight” testing project has been completed and will be implemented jointly in conjunction with the maglumix8, and it is expected that the reagents for infectious diseases will be phased in.
Oncology markers are company-specific reagent products, and companies have gained a certain market through pre-emptive advantage, declining mainly due to a gradual increase in corporate reagent projects and an increase in the combined sales of other variety items, the company's second-largest reagent product is the regular test of the thyroid, with 2017-2019 being the company's reagent.
▪ The company has a large variety of reagents, is subject to differences in the demand for disease detection across regions, and there is some fluctuations in the annual rate of sales of different types of reagents, but overall positive growth is maintained. 13,000 units are installed globally, combined with domestic and external channels, and the growth of overseas operations is expected to accelerate.
Farming in the domestic market, with over 6,800 end-loading units, and a well-established client base at the grass-roots level, the company has now largely established a marketing network covering key markets across the country and overseas, with more than 2,000 domestic distributors, with over 6,800 installed and over 5,800 medical institutions.
The company has a strong base of clients at the grass-roots level, where the number of hospitals (including ungraded hospitals and level I hospitals) is about 50%. The main reasons for the high proportion of hospitals covered by the company are:
Phases; the company's strategy of “run-in-the-horizon” is to use end-of-pipe instrument cards to gain access to the country's health-care facilities at all levels, which are large in number and wide in scope, including the FP system, basic hospitals, private health-care institutions (e.g. private hospitals, third-party testing).
▪ The high level of coverage in the grass-roots market can, on the one hand, increase the company’s instrument load and market penetration, and, on the other hand, the company’s primary market, which is dominated by low- and medium-speed aircraft, consumes less reagents and, to some extent, lowers the annual reagent output of the company’s single instruments.
The percentage of primary health-care facilities tested is expected to improve continuously.  The company ' s chemical luminous equipment is on the increase in sales and sales to hospitals at all levels in the country, with a certain number of fluctuations over the years, mainly in relation to the need for new loads and companies at various levels of end-care facilities.
The company ' s sales at level I hospitals are small but show a small annual growth trend, and the company ' s sales and sales at level II and level III hospitals are steadily increasing, depending on the year.
Volatile. In 2019, as a result of the company ' s introduction of high-speed instruments, maglumix8, there was an increase in the demand for additional or new aircraft to replace the old ones, while in 2018-2019 the company added a total of 18 new chemical luminescences, 8 registrations for biochemical reagents, and the acquisition of new reagents facilitated the instrument ' s growth.
As a result of the promotion of medical institutions, 2019 domestic terminals have been significantly upgraded. The company has expanded its ungraded clients through proactive excavations and tenders, with a larger number of ungraded hospitals and a larger share of sales and sales. In 2017, the company provided family planning services to the Government of Hunan Province.
The successful award of 122 maglumi 800 instruments in the build-up (chemical luminometer) procurement project resulted in higher sales and sales to clients of ungraded hospitals during the year and negative year-on-year increases in 2018.
There are differences in the number of hospitals in different parts of the country. The number of customers in the East China terminal hospital is first, and the number of clients in the third level hospital is highest.
Each region of the company’s national income contribution ratio presents a similar structural feature to the level of terminal hospital coverage. The region’s income ratio is about 33%, and it is in the first echelon, with a slight downside from the year to year.
The South, China, and South-West regions account for about 15% of the revenue, and are in second-tier positions, and are expected to increase as the pace of corporate business expansion accelerates. The company is the country’s first-to-country chemical luminous company with the highest end-to-end coverage.
In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of overseas loadings, which has been growing at an all-time high of about 6,000.Figure 43: The company's overseas loading of instruments extrapolates the company's revenue from overseas sales, which has risen to 20.4 per cent in 2019 and is projected to be non-existent.
Corporate products have been exported to 143 countries in Asia, Europe, the Americas, Africa, Oceania and elsewhere, and Asia is a strategic location for the corporate focus on overseas operations, with revenues accounting for the company’s total overseas operations.
India is the largest overseas marketing country, with a company that established the Indian Child Division in 2018, completed product registration in 2019, and helped Indian distributors to open their markets. South America is the second largest continent in which companies sell, relying on stable partnerships and regional distributors.
Companies’ products have gradually infiltrated local end-care institutions, and South America’s revenues have been growing faster. Africa is the continent with the fastest increase in external sales in 2019.
▪ The company’s overseas instrument loads are growing well, exceeding the domestic capacity for the third year in a row. The chemical luminous instruments, which depend on the terminal stock, are expected to enter a virtuous cycle of increased sales of instrument-driven reagents with reagents. Moreover, because of the higher proportion of low- and medium-speed instruments overseas than domestic.
The unit cost of overseas instrument sales is lower than in the country, and the average unit price and sales revenue of corporate instruments are expected to improve as more medium- and high-speed aircraft are deployed in large and medium-sized medical laboratories and institutions abroad.
Figure 48: The unit price for sale of chemical luminous instruments, both domestic and foreign, by the company 2014-2019, is currently dominated by the domestic market, but overseas reagent sales are expected to increase at a faster rate than within the country, as the company expands its overseas marketing network.
The sales of chemical luminous reagents, both in and out of the country, have been steadily increasing, rising overseas, leading the country, with future release time available.The sales unit price of chemical luminous reagents, both in and out of the country, has remained stable for 2014-2019, reflecting the firm ' s presence.
More stable market competitiveness and brand influence of products. Figure 51: Distribution of chemical luminous reagents, both domestic and foreign, by company 2014-2019 Figure 52: Increase in sales of chemical luminous reagents, both domestic and foreign, by company 2014-2019
A new future: Reagent single production upgrades are the core drivers of performance growth High-speed machines x 8 in combination with eight pre-communicable disease promotions, with the prospect of upgrading instrument loads and reagent single production  Closed systems of chemical light determine the loading volume as a prerequisite and basis for performance release, reagent single production
The high-speed machine x 8 combined with the first eight promotions of infectious diseases is expected to boost the production of medium- and high-speed reagents. The company's global fastest luminometer, maglumix8, was listed in August 2019 and measured by the high-speed machine: 1)
(i) 42 reagent positions with a maximum number of 2,800 exit tests; (3) high test accuracy: use of nanomagnetic beads by technology, piped direct chemical light, one-time inhaler (tip head); 4) intelligence: interconnectable homogeneity instruments, biochemistry, electrolysis analyser, full laboratory automation system (tla)
The eight reagents for high-speed machine x 8 accompanies infectious disease are combined in and out of the country and in large medical establishments. On the one hand, they will accelerate the company ' s high-speed machine x 8 loads and, on the other hand, they will increase the reagent use, which is expected to increase and drive the company ' s performance.
The biochemistry flow line is expected to be a new performance growth point in the future. The stream began to enter China in 2001 and was in the market import period for the period 2001-2010. At present, the tla stream in China is largely monopolized by foreign companies. In August 2019, the company and Semer flew together.
Launch of the first fully automated global solution for the satlas-tca laboratory, the installation of the Samer flight open laboratory automation system and the company ' s high-throughput fully automated chemical luminous immune analysis system, Maglumix8, the full automation of clinical testing of water flow lines and the evolution of clinical samples
Samples, centrifugals, decapitation, cup tags, chemical luminous instrument analysis, coatings, sorting of fully automated smart processes that are stored or stored in wire cooling have greatly increased the efficiency of testing.
The company was the first company in the world to successfully develop a new coronary virus, ig/igm (chemical luminous) anti-testing agent, and the first to gain access to the EUce and to sell it publicly. ▪ When the company entered the White List for Trade in May, the new reagent order entered the harvest period.
Listed notices and information exchange among investors, we expect the company's new coronary test agent to contribute throughout the year.  In May 2020, the company landed on a deep-seated business board, released 41.2 million shares, raised funds, raised about $1.2 billion net, used mainly for research and development production base phase II, R & D centre projects, marketing network upgrades.
The completion of the project will further expand the capacity of companies to produce, improve their R & D capabilities, expand their marketing networks in domestic and overseas markets, and improve their overall competitiveness and profitability.
The company is a leader in the field of national chemical luminous immunoanalysis, with the highest end load, and a strong base for the sale of instruments to boost reagents. In addition, the company is technologically advanced, and its products are of good quality.
The expansion of the external sector has accelerated, and we see the company's continuous progress in the field of chemical luminous growth of instrumentation technology, diversification of reagents, and accelerated substitution of domestic production as beneficiaries of industry growth. ▪ We predict the future of the company's business plates, taking into account the impact of the new crown epidemic and cost estimates.
The company’s main business is in the field of in vitro diagnosis, and this report selects the publicly listed companies Antobi, Mai Ri, Mike Bis, Vantaa Bios as comparable companies.
(a) Delays in the delivery of raw materials affected by the epidemic by upstream suppliers will result in company production restrictions and corresponding delays in the delivery of sales orders;
The company’s export operations are expected to be significantly affected by the lack of clarity about the duration of the company’s operations.
▪ High-value market risk: The chemical lighting industry has an impact on corporate valuations due to high barriers, rapid growth and high national production replacement space, higher market interest and popularity, current industry-wide valuations, and future industry valuations, if adjusted downwards.
▪ Procurement risk of raw materials: some of the company’s core raw materials (e.g. antigens, antibodies, etc.) and some of the core parts of the instrument (e.g. electric machines, etc.) are imported abroad.
Risks of distribution patterns for distributors: The company's current marketing model of “dominant distribution, direct sales as an aid” increases the difficulty of training management as the number of distributors increases, and if the distributor's mismanagement negatively affects the sale of the company's products and brand value.
▪ New product R & D, registered risks: high in vitro diagnostic product R & D inputs, long R & D cycles, risk of product R & D progress below expectations, failure of R & D, uncertainty of approval of product registration; risk of overseas market expansion: uncertainty of export and import policies in overseas markets, barriers to trade, etc.
Changes in political relations between the two sides, changes in exchange rates, etc., may result in overseas market expansion objectives not being as predictable as the relevant report rating ratio analysis in the market, and then an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment.