Hainanairport (600515ch) Hainan Airport first covered: re-routing, seeing that tax-free business brings high growth
Ideas focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) Reconstructed with a new start; one two-wing twin engine, multi-dimensional development. 2021
After the reorganization, the company's business strategy was optimized; it was based on the opportunity to build a port of commerce, and it became a big one.
The main two-wing industrial layout, driven by the airport’s main industry, is the development of tax-free commercial property, side-side support for property and hotel services, and the creation of a professional, market-oriented, provincial new airport management group.
Airport operations: Core ownership, consolidation of the foundation of company development. The company generated 1.581 billion in operating revenue from airport operations in 2021 (the company holds a total of 1.45 billion shares, directly or indirectly, in San Phoenix Airport).
71.36%. In our analysis of the post-epidemiological era, airport traffic is expected to accelerate the recovery of business revenues from the airport; in addition, the company will work to raise the non-aerial revenue ratio and to create the skytrax class of airports, whose long-term profitability will continue to be optimized.
Tax-free operations: potential to ensure the sustainability of companies. In recent years, duty-free policies have been liberalized, with the number of duty-free shops on the whole island of Hainan growing from 4 in 2020 to 10 today, and the volume of duty-free shops on the island of Hainan in 2021 has broken by 60 billion.
The rate of growth is 84% in the same year; the island-wide tax-free business is growing over time as the construction of the port progresses. On the one hand, the company participates in the airport duty-free shop and earns investment returns, while on the other hand, the company owns a number of tax-free commercial properties that generate excess rent gains.
Real estate operations: moving away from traditional properties, taking advantage of existing advantages, and accelerating strategic transformations. Property operations: working in tandem with development, contributing to the development of tax-free businesses. Companies not only continue to devalue their stock of traditional properties, but also pursue opportunities for economic development in Hong Kong.
With the best resources and core capabilities of the real estate business, the development of the Hainan Free Trade Port and Airfield Parks project will be facilitated.
Main profit projections and assumptions: we assume that the impact of the 23-24 epidemic is decreasing, that the ocean island is returning to normal speed, and that later planning of tax-exempt businesses will start on schedule. 2022e~2024e, benefits. We use the segment valuation method to calculate the reasonable market value based on the company ' s 24-year income estimates.
Tanyu Chan Yuchen