Core assets of the Free Trade Port, airport + duty-free two-wheel drive, Hainan Airport (600515) Service to the Hainan Free Trade Port, with open space for companies to grow in the future
The company is the operator of the Hainan core traffic hub, which focuses on the development of the national strategy at Hainan Free Trade Port. With the strategic reorganization of the company in 2022, the company is now in charge of the second largest transport hub in Hainan.
Airports – Operation of San Phoenix Airport. At the same time, participation in off-island duty-free operations in the form of shareholdings and leases, totalling approximately 80,000 square metres of duty-free commercial space, covering the whole island of Hainan.
The successful restructuring of the company in 2022 led to the integration of the national capital system, with airports plus tax exemptions, commercial estates and properties, hotels, etc., in a coordinated development pattern leading to a high-quality development transformation. In the area of airport operations, benefits from the expansion of the air terminal + a time-to-time capacity growth, with the Triple Phoenix machine in 2025.
It is expected that the number of passengers will rise to 27-30 million times a year, providing a steady performance guarantee. Tax-free operations, with companies taking advantage of airports, commercial spaces, and creating professional, market-based free trade ventures.
The company’s view is that full enjoyment of the benefits of the free trade policy, duty-free access to the island as an important engine, the continued release of the benefits of the free trade policy and duty-free access to the island, and the future of the company’s airport and tax-free future.
The business benefits all the way. Among them, the corporate barriers to tax-exempt operations are so deep that free profits are expected to contribute 1 billion + profit increases by a relative depth of 300 per cent, negotiated with the tax-exempt operator through ownership of the core property.
The assessment and rating of the industry valuation is expected to be less advanced than expected in terms of rent negotiations for tax-free shops in the Sun and Moon Square.
(i) Company profiles: airports and duty-free operations around the Hainan Freeport. Airport operations are based on the provision of services and coordinated development of duty-free commercial property. Since its establishment in 1993, the company has undergone several changes in its main business and is currently building on the Toto Hainan Free Trade Port, which is based on the airport main business and is based on duty-free commercial property, property and alcohol.
In June of that year, there were 11 companies holding shares and managing out-of-air airports, offering rental of premises through equity investment, self-owned property, and five tax-free shops at Hainan Self-Trade Port; and 23 construction and land storage projects, with a total of 162 management projects. At present, Hainan airports are generally competitive within the industry, but in the long run they have a unique policy advantage.
The company ' s main business has undergone three adjustments, now based on airport operations + tax exemptions: by 2015, the company ' s main commodity was zero sales and tourist guesthouses, with business entities looking out for Hainan International and Hainan Hostels, and the merchandise retail sector accounted for more than 80% of the company ' s total revenues in 2002-2015. With the restructuring of major assets completed in October 2016, the company became the country ' s leading base.
One of the facilities project investment developers and operators, real estate and airport operations accounted for 63 per cent and 21 per cent of the company ' s total revenues in 2020, respectively; airport + duty-free operations accounted for 63 per cent of the company ' s Māori annually.
Figure 2: Māori composition of Hainan Airport 2002-2015 (% by industry) Figure 3: Māori composition of Hainan Airport 2016-2020 (% by industry) Figure 4: Māori composition of Hainan Airport 2016-2020 (% by industry)
Figure 5: composition of Henan Airport 2021-2022h1 battalion (% by industry) Figure 6: Māori composition of Hainan Airport 2021 (% by industry)
On August 6, 2009, the shipping industry replenished Chase Tianjin with 300 million yuan in cash, and after the replenishment, Tianjin’s registered capital was increased from 200 million yuan yuan to 500 million yuan yuan.
With 60% of Tianjin Tianjin’s shares, indirect control of the 13.44% of Tianjin’s shares, physical control of the Tianjin stock, and actual control of the T-Tsin trade union committee of Hainan Air Holdings Ltd. became the real control of the T-St. In 2016, the shipping industry injected assets, and the company’s business began to change.
A combination of gold buys 100% of the shareholdings held by the underlying group of industries. With regard to the distribution of shares, the company issues about $2.25 billion to the underlying stock at a price of $10.67 to pay $24 billion of the trade price; cash is paid $2 billion of the trade price. After the reorganization, the main business of the maritime base was converted from commercial retail to investment in infrastructure projects.
In December 2021, the naval base was based on an existing a-share stock of about 3,908 million shares, with a capital pool increase of 20 shares per 10 shares and a stock increase of about 7,815 million shares. Of this, China’s holdings were valued at $8.55 billion, with a maritime base of 3.3 billion shares in capital reserves.
Eventually, control of the maritime base was obtained and the share transfer price was used to pay for the reorganization of twenty-one companies and to settle the related debts in order to increase the company ' s ability to operate with additional liquidity; about 1,583 million shares at a price of $15.56 per share were paid to a portion of a company ' s creditors to settle the corresponding debt; controlling shareholders and shareholders at their disposal received approximately $297 million in notes
Discharges to meet performance commitment compensation obligations; approximately 1,492 million shares are back on the list of companies to address issues disclosed in the Self-Examining Report of the Maritime Basis; approximately 1,142 million shares of small and medium-sized shareholders are held in their own hands. After the cancellation of performance commitment shares, the total share capital of the Maritime Fund is approximately 11,425 million shares.
One group united with the Hainan Kanakawa, the Hainan aircraft, formed the first investor in a combination of shares and cash payments and Hainan's vast majority.
The basis of the acquisition of basic holdings, 100 per cent of the equity of the industrial group, S.A. (former member of the company)
Tianjin, a major shareholder of the Naval Replenishment Corporation, increased a share in a percentage and introduced it.
Strategic investors, resolving the debt crisis, real control, and change of the company's real control to Henan Air Company Limited's Trade Union Committee.
In June of the year, Henan Province Development Holdings Ltd. was the company's first major shareholder, holding 24.51 per cent of the company's shares and the top ten.
Management has a wealth of experience in airport and business operations. The chairman of the company’s core management, Yang Kobayashi, the managing director, Lu Xiaoming, and the Secretary of the Board of Directors, Hollewy, have more than 20 years of experience in airport management, real estate and finance, respectively, with outstanding professional and managerial competencies.
(iv) Financial performance: enhanced solvency and financial security
In recent years, domestic property regulation policies have been upgraded to add to the impact of the new crown epidemic, and company airports and real estate operations have been hit, with the company’s total revenue falling by more than 40% in 2020.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company managed to collect $2.95 billion per year - 19 per cent, net return on the mother, $1.7 billion, business analysis: airport plus duty-free operating barriers, real estate development operations, (i) airport operations: company-based operations with a core asset at San Phoenix Airport.
The company’s airport operations include air operations and non-aviation operations. Aviation operations refer to basic operations linked to the direct connection of aircraft, passengers and cargo services, including the provision of port and ground transport services to domestic and international air transport enterprises, trans-shipment and trans-shipment passengers; the rest of similar extended duty-free commerce, tax-based commerce, advertising, freight forwarding, office rental, value counter rental, etc.
Holding and managing the export of 11 airports, with San Phoenix airport as its core asset. The company holds 7 airports, including: Three Phoenix Airports, Joan Hae Bo-Jung, Ang Xing Tian-yu Airport, Tangshan San River Women Airport, Yu Nam-hwan Airport, Camp Ming Lan Flag Field, Manchuria Rixi Airport, in which the Joonghai Bo Airport is entrusted with the management of the affiliated party Bo-jian. The company participates in the management through its subsidiaries.
The company manages two airports, including the Lake Chagan airport in Matsuhara, and the Sansha Yongxing airport. Around 100 million yuan, the increase in volatility after 2020, the worst impact of the epidemic in the first half of 2022, with the airport plate collection.
Van, the t3 terminal and the supporting project are in the advanced planning stage and are expected to start in 2023. The outbreak has affected the flight landings at San Phoenix Airport in 2020 and the drop in passenger traffic by 13% and 24%, respectively, but, according to the Civil Aviation Authority, in 2021 San Phoenix Airport ranked 19th among the 1663 million passengers in the country’s airport.
Figure 16: Flights and landings at San Phoenix Airport 2016-2022 and accelerations
In the first half of 2022, $3 Phoenix Airport received $610 million, a decline of 26 per cent over the same period, but over 94 per cent of the company ' s airport operations. The external environment is now improving, with a rapid return in passenger traffic and a rapid release of the industry ' s supply capacity, and air transport is expected in the next few years.
With a strong quarterly recovery, airport profitability will improve. (ii) Tax exemptions and commerce: building on three major wharf advantages and expanding off-island tax-free operations The company is involved in the Hainan core tax-exempt channel, mainly through equity investment and property leasing.
Tax-exempt operations are carried out at the three main docks of the square, Haiguchi and San Phoenix Airport, in the form of equity participation and rent-taking. These include: (1) participation in investments: 49 per cent of the tax-exempt store at Haiguchi and 49 per cent of the tax-free shop at San Francisco Airport and the Hainan Sea Navigation (2) self-held property leases: the tax-exempt store at China-Daiguchi Moon Square, the Sea-controlled Global Fine (Sea-Pilot) Free City and San-Afon
Free shop at Phoenix Airport; (3) provision of point-of-charge services: point of delivery at San Phoenix Airport, point of return to the island at the Day Square at Haiguchi and one of the duty-free docks at Boone Airport at Haiguchi Meran Airport, which is profitable and can grow in the future.
Over 10 years of operation, the first airport in China to leave the island is a tax-free shop with a total area of about 18,000 square metres. In 2021, Hainan airport earned about $290 million in investment earnings from the Seaport Merland Airport tax-free shop, representing 35 per cent of the company ' s total profits. In the first half of 2022, the company received $50 million in investment returns from the Seaport Merland Airport tax-free shop, which fell 74 per cent in the medium- and long-term.
See, with the arrival of the T2 terminal at Merland Airport in early 2022, Merland Airport increased its passenger traffic by over 200% by the same year in 2025 as in 2022, t2 tax-exempt commercial area has been expanded + brand introduction, and the future potential of Merland Airport tax-free shops is expected to continue.
In December 2020, the company started operating a tax-free terminal at Phoenix Airport, with an area of approximately 800 m2 and three operations of about 1,000 m2 in December 2022. Hainan Airport not only held 49% of the share in the tax-free shop at Phoenix Airport, but also provided it with a space to operate.
With the expansion of the Phoenix Airport tax-free shop now in place, the overall business area has grown from 1,800 m2 to 6,000 m2. Figure 22: 2021-2022h1 phoenix airport investment returns
Figure 23: Rent income and share of tax-free stores at Phoenix Airport 2021 - 2022h1
Provision of space rentals. Of this amount, 19,500 square metres of the tax-free shop at the Moon Square in China, China and China, and 3,750 square metres of the world's fine sea-controlled city. Since the opening of the China-controlled city, the cumulative contribution to the company's rent and 3 per cent of its turnover have been taken into its high form; the company is now actively evaporating from China in accordance with the principle of marketization.
(iii) Other business: increasing the layout of the off-the-shelf industry and weakening traditional real estate operations.
Real estate operations: progress towards “decontinentalization” and the transformation of the development of vacant estates. The company is currently focusing on the traditional real estate business of the stock, maintaining a steady pace of construction and marketing, while actively participating in local open estate development projects.As of the first half of 2022, the company had 12 ongoing projects with an area of approximately 1,027 acres; and 11 land reserve projects, covering 11 areas.
In the future, there will be an orderly push for the launch of the platform’s project to build and tap into the core products of empty commerce, open-air industry, recruitment and leasing, and to bring real estate resources closer to empty industries. Real estate operations will be less profitable, with Māori’s share falling by more than 70% in three years.
In 2020, real estate accounted for more than 90 per cent of the company ' s total Māori and was the major contributor to the company ' s profits. By 2021, gross real estate interest rates had declined from 93 per cent to 17 per cent of the company ' s total Māori.
Property management operations: Business income growth is robust, with two main lines of expansion. The China-South property management under the company is the largest local industry service provider in Hainan, currently operating 162 projects with approximately 17 million square metres of management space. In 2021, the harvest recovered to pre-epidemiological levels, with 4% growth achieved in the first half of 2022. Gross operating profits increased to the company ' s total gross profits in 2021.
In the future, the company will expand its property operations simultaneously through two main lines: service-based and competitive offshore projects, with a strong effort to expand the open-air port-type projects, and deep-deep-deep-dought-south projects, with a joint trade port as a means of promoting multi-operative development. Other operations will include hotel and flying training operations. As of June 2022, the company owned five hotels, including its own.
These include guest room services, catering services, conference services, rental of premises, fitness and recreation.
As of June 2022, the business in question had earned $335 million, from 19 per cent to 35 per cent a year, and its profitability had increased significantly. Overall, the hotel and training operations had been “reversed” during the epidemic.
With the revival of the Hainan tourism industry and the domestic civil aviation industry, corporate hotel and flying training operations still have relatively strong growth potential.
(i) The core business will be centred on the development of a free-trade port, which will fully enjoy the benefits of the free-trade port policy, starting with the opening of the free-trade port policy, and opening up new opportunities for development for the Hainan civil aviation industry. Since 2020, Hainan has been officially designated as an international trade port, and the Government has accumulated more than 150 free-trade-related policies, including the New Deal for Free Trade, the “two 15%” income tax and the “two 15%” tax.
Three core policies, such as the “zero-tariff” list, provide a clear attribution and a broadly balanced fiscal balance for upgrading the overall business environment in China and the South, and for expanding the influence of domestic and international markets. Strong rule of law: strengthen the identification of tax evasion risks, guard against base erosion and profit shifting, and avoid becoming “tax havens.”
Xi Jinping General Secretary's series of important speeches and instructions on Hainan's work as a top-level design to guide the development of the sea south of the new era
“One”: Top-level Design, 11 April 2018, Guidance of the Central State Council of the Communist Republic of China on supporting the comprehensive deepening of reform and openness in Hainan.
On 1 June 2020, the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port was launched. On 10 June 2021, the Hainan Free Trade Port Act of the People's Republic of China established a comprehensive and deep reform and open-ended pilot zone, focusing on economic restructuring and social governance innovations, and exploring the establishment of open spaces.
The new economic system, which has created the country's major open-door for the Pacific and Indian Ocean, has created a pilot zone for national eco-civilization: the strictest environmental protection system, an efficient and integrated planning and management system, improved evaluation mechanisms for green development, and a pilot national park system.
“The four beams”: Targeting International Centre for Tourism Consumption: promoting open tourism consumption and returning consumption from abroad, fostering new hot spots for tourism consumption, building a critical infrastructure and major tourism attractions at a high level, upgrading the capacity and level of tourism services, and building new patterns of tourism across the world
Building key national strategic service guarantee areas: strengthening capacity-building for the protection of rights and development services in the South China Sea, deepening external contacts and cooperation, strengthening regional cooperation with the relevant provincial and municipal governments that have undertaken national strategies to better serve the maritime powers, building a “one-way” zone, etc. In the policy environment: practical promotion and follow-up to the facilitation of trade investment liberalization, “zero tariffs, low tariffs, simple taxes”, modern production
(a) A range of policies and institutional arrangements in the areas of industry, social governance and ecological civilization, accompanied by the development and implementation of provincial policies and measures in the area of the rule of law: the right to adopt local legislation, the right to make regulations in special economic zones and the right to make laws and regulations in free trade ports;
With regard to the business environment: maintaining the objectives of rule of law, internationalization, facilitation and equity, transparency and predictability, further optimizing government service, accelerating progress towards the construction of the “Ideal Hainan”, improving the fair competition system, ensuring that the business environment reaches the highest domestic standards by 2025, and becoming a global leader by 2035, with the highest level of credit, the lowest institutional cost, the best evaluation mark, and an influx of investment by firms
In the area of the ecological environment: continuous improvement of long-term mechanisms for the protection of the ecological environment and resources, pollution prevention and fighting with higher standards, with the construction of landmark projects such as tropical rainforest national parks, clean energy islands and clean energy vehicles, six-water co-management, with a strong effort to increase the greening of the atmosphere, protection of the carbon of the blue sinks, preservation of the national space development and promotion of a green production lifestyle
“The eight pillars” are firmly supported in the system of economic development: the tourism industry, modern services, high-tech industries, tropical-specific and efficient agriculture, “the four dominant industries”, the careful development of the southern, deep sea, space-based “three future industries”, the solid promotion of shopping, education, health care, and the three major offshore consumption.
In terms of social governance systems: upgrading digital, intelligent, improving public service systems, promoting the modernization of governance systems and capacities, strengthening governance at the grass-roots level in general, and building a common and shared social governance model. Normalization is a fight against corruption, and fighting against all kinds of crime.
In the area of risk-control systems: improve the leadership mechanisms for risk-control, build robust hardware and software for risk-control, and build risk-control networks “horizontal to horizontal, vertical to the end”.
With regard to the organization of the leadership system: to maintain and strengthen the overall leadership of the party, to unite the efforts of the various organizations and the public at large at all levels throughout the province to gain a sense of the decisive importance of “two established” and to strengthen the “four consciousness” and “four self-confidences” and to “two defence” and “two defence” and “two maintenance”
In the context of the "14th Five-Year Civil Aviation Development Plan " , the South Central Bureau of Civil Aviation is already in place.
In the future, Henan Airport will be actively involved in servicing the Hainan Port, enhancing the security functions of San Phoenix and Jonglei airports, and building an international regional aviation hub for the Pacific and Indian Ocean.
Figure 33: Geographical location of San Phoenix Airport, Joan Hae-Bok Airport Company as a core shipping node for Hainan, commercial operator expected full beneficiary flow, logistics, and information flow to break out. The company has been built to be based on the main airport industry, with tax-free commercial property, a financial hotel service with two wings, empty and capital.
As a result of the project, production security capacity at San Phoenix Airport will be increased to 27-30 million passengers per year. The T2 terminal at Seaport Melan Airport will be shipped for one year, and 35 million passengers per year are scheduled to be reached by 2025.
The airport expansion is expected to attract more people, logistics, financial and information flows to Hainan, and to promote the development of new growth points in the future through the establishment of the Hainan Free Trade Ports policy and the active deployment of the industry. The company relies on its core economic resources – the airport's people, goods, and capital, making full use of its capital platforms and excellent resources – to produce air assets around aircraft maintenance, training, logistics, and off-the-shelf commerce.
The development, investment, and operation of parks. There is a great deal of development of existing airports in Tianjin, the development and operation of Air Parks in Milan, priority is given to the installation of Air Parks, the addition of short air access service boards at Chizoya Airport, the coordinated development of airport management and air access industries, and the promotion of the “two mains and one cargo” air port layout in Hainan. And, based on its experience in airport management, it is fully involved in upstream and downstream production at the airport.
Industry cooperation and business management to raise non-air revenue and have great potential for future development.
The policy of tax exemption from the island has been optimized and has now become a “gold sign” for the port of Hainan. Since the outbreak of the new crown pneumonia, residential consumption has been affected, and duty-free shopping has become one of the main industries to absorb the return of consumption from abroad.
The duty-free purchase line for off-island passengers has been increased from $30,000 to $100,000, and the number of duty-free goods has been increased from 38 to 45, with the number of off-island passengers arriving by mail and the number of residents returning to the island collecting two withdrawals. The duty-free policy has contributed to the transformation of the Hainan economy and has become an important engine for the development of the Hainan economy.
Even in the case of the epidemic, Hainan Province sold tax-free hundreds of millions of dollars in sales. Hainan Airport participated directly or indirectly in 5 of the 10 offshore duty-free stores at Hainan Port, with 5 duty-free shops selling approximately $14.6 billion in 2021, or 29% of the island’s duty-free shop sales.
The airport duty-free shop continues to expand, and the cut-off and warranty provisions fully guarantee the company the benefits of industrial growth. The tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport plans to operate 6,800 square metres, with a further two-stage French garden-free complex of approximately 5,000 square metres in the future.
There will be a significant increase after the reopening of the tax-exempt stores at Merlan and San Phoenix International Airports. At the same time, the airport rent-free shops will be fully eligible for tax-exempt growth dividends in the future.
Based on the company ' s current configuration of the off-island duty-free market, we have split the profit-making contribution of the main tax-free assets (1) the Melanes airport tax-free store at Seaport: it is expected that the company will receive $680 million in investment returns in 2025. We expect that the expansion of the US-T2 terminal will fully address the previous bottlenecks in carrying the t1 terminal.) The airport ' s tax-exempt shopping conversion rate.
They are expected to increase from 6 per cent in 2022 to 8 per cent in 2025, mainly as a result of the expansion of the t2 terminal to the corresponding duty-free operating area + M. (2) Triple Phoenix Airport tax-free shop: investment earnings and rental income are expected to reach $500 million and $1.08 billion respectively in 2025 (3) Seagate Day Square: the market for the tax-free shop in the Moon Square in 2025 is expected to exceed $30 billion and the rental income is expected to be realized by about $30 billion
940 million dollars. Although the international tax-free city has been opened at the new seaport of China, based on the expansion of the overall tax-free market at the sea port and the natural location of the square of the Sun and Moon, we expect that its tax-free sales will continue to grow. Since then, it has benefited from the expansion of the tax-free off-island operation, with an annual growth rate of about 40 per cent. In addition, the company is actively promoting a new rent-free agreement with tax-free operators.
During the negotiations, a 3 per cent rate of land arrest with the HYDRA was currently in place, and if a similar percentage of rent deductions were to be reached in the future, the company’s daily rental income would be expected to increase further. As the main company in the Henan airport block, the company has been engaged in long-term airport-related infrastructure development and has been working deep in recent years.
Given that the current policy on immunization has been fully liberalized, companies are expected to adapt to the policy and to make full use of their resources, and the Hainan policy on free trade has progressed less than expected.
2. Less progress has been made on duty-free sales off the island; the negotiations on rent-free shops in the squares of the Sun and Moon have been less advanced than expected; the Federation of Nations securities was added to the Chinese Galaxy securities in July 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.