Peace Bank (000001.sz): Three-quarter interest rates, stable balance in the margin phase and overall smooth asset quality Incident: 24 October, Peace Bank published three-quarter reports for 2025.
In 2016, the Bank of Peace began a full-scale transition to retail banks, making every effort to create intelligent retail banks, and pushing for the precision of an annually weighted average of 11.09% roe, a reduction of 1.11 pct from the previous year.
Merchant banks are two-way. Integrated finance is the company's niche, based on a large personal customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks, and a complete mix.
Together with the financial product system, the overall retail transformation, the marginal improvement of net interest income and a narrow drop in revenue. One-three-q25 Peace Bank generated $10.67 billion, and the leading smart retail bank provided a powerful nuclear power.
Specifically, (1) benefit from a decrease in net interest differentials on a year-on-year basis, net interest income on a year-on-year basis, a decrease in revenue from wealth management fees on a year-on-year basis, a decrease of +16.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, agent insurance, agent finance, agent fund income, respectively, weak credit demand + proactive adjustment structure, and asset size growth at a low rate. As of the end of September, the Bank of Peace had maintained a low level of asset size.
Of this total assets, loans, bond investments, loans and bonds, loans and bonds, loans and bonds, loans and bonds, loans, bonds and bonds, loans and dividends, the share of assets of peers decreased. The loan structure continued to be optimized, and the balance of retail loans in the last three quarters increased by a round-up.
The ratio of low- and medium-risk loans, such as mortgages, licensed mortgages, and so on, is increasing wind control. The ratio of retail loans at the end of 3q25 to 3.3% and the ring to 0.2%, ending the trend of eight consecutive quarterly downwards in the size of retail loans since 3q23 (3q25 mortgages, credit cards, consumer loans, etc.).
Bill discounts at low interest rates have declined to 6.6 per cent of total loans, compared to -27.9 per cent in the same year. The loan structure has resulted in improved cost of liabilities + a slower reduction in asset yields and a more stable single-quarter net spread. Thanks to liabilities 13bp, deposits and partner liabilities have fallen by 12bp, 20bp, respectively, and cost controls of liabilities have worked well; interest rates have been generated.
At the end of September, there was a decrease of 8bp in the return on assets round, with the downside tilting and the downwards of the impact on high-risk assets. The negative rate was smooth, the rate of concern and the end-of-life ratio were improved; the provision coverage round was reduced.
In terms of industry breakdown: (1) retail: adverse pressures are lightened from the early stages of the transition, retail rates are bad, Eastern sources of financial wisdom are generally stable: the negative growth of the negative balance of mortgage loans is 17 bp to 17 bp to 17 bp
According to current indicators of real-estate sales and cash flows from home firms, real-estate risks may still be emerging, and it will take some time to clear them. Investment advice: Peacebanks are in the advanced stages of business transformation, and revenue collection and net profit growth are still under pressure.
However, the profit-side reduction ratio has been narrow with improved margins of net interest differentials and smooth asset quality. The company retailing industry has continued to improve its structure, actively replenishing public services, and overall credit levels have been smooth and optimized.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 2: A single-quarter, pop, net profit per year, Figure 1: A safe bank, pop, net profit per year.
Figure 3: Discriminating performance of Peace Bank 1h25, 1-3q25, Figure 4: Loans by Peace Bank, interest-bearing assets, deposits and rate of increase
Figure 6: Non-performing bank lending rate, interest rate in loan rate, Figure 7: Safe bank coverage, loan allocation ratio
Table 1: Indicators related to the management of the wealth of the Bank of Peace, the source of the financial prosperity of the East, the source of the financial intelligence of the East.
Peace Bank (000001.sz): The three-quarter interest margin phase is stable, and the quality of assets is generally stable - three-quarter review in 2025.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Peace Bank (000001.sz): The three-quarters spread is steady, and the quality of assets is generally stable - the three-quarters of 2025 is not an assurance that the information and recommendations contained will not change. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.