The reason for the report is: the three-quarterly reviews.
Corporate restructuring highlights a return to positive growth in three quarters. \triangleright adjustment highlights a return to positive growth. Companies achieved 189.14 operating income in the first three quarters of 2020.
One billion yuan, a 10.35 per cent decline in the same year, a 7.186 million net return to the mother, an increase of 0.55 per cent in the same year, and an increase of 4,160 million yuan in operating income for the middle single q3, an increase of 7.57 per cent in the same year, a positive gain of 1.785 billion yuan, an increase of 14.07 per cent in the same year, a return of positive growth in income and profits, and an increase in non-retrogression.
Market data: Non-recurrent gains increased significantly on 21 October 2020. In addition, net cash flows from 20q3 operations amounted to $2.289 billion, an increase of 2.69 per cent over the same period, and pre-receipt payments at the end of 20q3 amounted to $3.869 billion, an increase of the same amount
Non-recurrent gains and losses have increased substantially, increasing business profits. The company’s net sales in the first three quarters of 2020 increased by 0.7 pct, mainly as a result of increased spending; the management cost rate increased by 8.40%, compared to the same rate.
As a result of the increase in income from changes in fair value of assets, the company has undertaken a series of adjustments in its channels, products, organization, personnel, and so on, namely, 28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
The development of a new cooperative system of distributors known as “one-stop shop, multi-market distribution” is further advanced by China's opening channels for stock and price recovery at 28 São Lixi Street, in Beijing City West Side, and the smoothing of relations with distributors, and a gradual return of confidence in distributors.
7th floor of the Center; second, the marketing and channel layout of the dream 6+ product, the market recognition of the dream 6+, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The third is a two-brand strategy, a two-trenched sales company, and an enhanced two-trenched brand innovation, hoping that the future contribution of the two-trenched brands to the company will grow. Looking ahead next year, we believe that as consumption recovers further, the dream series is expected to grow high on a low base, while at the same time it is expected to grow on a low base.
As consumption recovers further, we expect that the company’s performance in the fourth quarter will continue to pick up. Meanwhile, looking ahead to next year’s dream.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for any of the recommendations or observations in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.