Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Ocean River shares: successful upgrading of high-end products, increasingly clear strategy for the future.
In November, the company went to the market to upgrade the crystal version of the product, with a triple upgrade in quality, specifications, and image in order to preserve the foundation of the classic elements of the dream 3.
In November, the crystal dream was imported into the provincial and out-of-country markets, and the first round of returns was launched in December.
He has a low stock of his variety, and he has gone to the end of the stock. There are multiple advantages, such as demand validation in the mid-autumn season, the state of the canals, the length of the season, the compensatory digestion of the spring season, the reunion of the spring and the visitation of friends, the fee mentality, and the increased profit space for the new items on the market, and there is confidence at the end of the channel.
Total equity/flow (million shares) is expected to perform very well on the company’s Spring Festival sales.
Looking ahead next year, we believe that the company will continue to focus on the dream 6+ and the dream 3 upgraded version of the Crystal River stock (002304), "The Ocean River shares: a single dream." The dream 6+, launched in November last year, has now been on the market for one year, and on the one hand, the quality of the new product has improved.
Quarterly income returns to growth, ring margin, and, on the other hand, the introduction of new products, the restructuring of channels and the introduction of “one-size-fits-all, multi-business-matching” rapid improvement - 2020/10/22
The distribution system, under the new price system and under the design of the channel structure, the channel pushes on the ocean river shares (002304).
The crystal dream follows dream 6 upgrades and operations, the probability of success is guaranteed, after the outbreak, the company collects Ocean River shares (002304).
React to it with light stocks, eliminate the effects of the epidemic next year, anticipate crystal dream rises and market acceptance, performance-adjusted period pains, do not change long-term values, 3-year dimension: look forward to the blue/sky blue and dream 9 escalation.
We expect sea blues, sky blues, and dream 9 upgrades to be the next priority after dream 6+, dream 3 upgrades, which are expected to be shortened in the upper cycle of upgrades due to the large difference between the sea sky and dream 9 price bands.
Management improvements: new institutional mechanisms, equity incentives and 14th Plan for implementation
In the future, with institutional changes and the introduction of equity incentives, we believe that companies will contribute to the implementation of the 14th Plan.
Given this year’s pragmatic and objective pace of business, and the success stories of investment returns, maintenance of pre-profit operations, and other product lines, next year’s growth in double digits is expected, driven by dream 6+ and dream 3 upgrades, and sea- and day-to-day recovery.
In the short term, the company is in a period of accelerated recovery, the terminal stock is restored to good quality, and business is on the move next year, with a focus on the 6+ and 3 upgrades. As the product upgrades and channels improve, the company will move to a new stage of development.
The core workforce is motivated by the long-term influence of the consumer mind of the company, which has become a national brand, and by the pre-eminence of 300+ and 600+ on the fastest-growing sub-higher product line, with a certain volume of sales to match the company ' s continuing product quality
The epidemic has had a greater impact on the consumption of the white wine industry, with a high degree of macroeconomic volatility.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report