The results of the reforms to end the successive downturns are evident - the three-quarterly review of Ocean River shares (002304.sz)
In combination with the feedback, the sales of high-end products from the two-square-season companies are good, the pipeline power is back on, and we believe that growth is largely due to dream blue and ditch products. Contract liabilities at the end of the third quarter stood at $3.869 billion, an increase of 95.52%.
q3 R & D rates, excluding R & D costs of $140 million in a single quarter, q3 net profit increases faster than the recovery rate, says.
q3 sales cost 17.96%, +0.31 pct.
The effect of the reforms is gradually becoming apparent, and product cultivation and channels are back on track. The company's shift from marketing in the second half of last year focused on streamlining distribution relationships and channel profit systems, focusing on dream blue products, and pooling resources.
M6+ construction and price belt development. The overall pipeline stock is now down to January-February levels, quota systems and controls are gradually recovering channel profits, M6+ products are in short supply during the two-week period, the channel is well received, the market is well under way in the province, and consumer buybacks are occurring. m3 product control prices are raised, and channel prices are rising significantly.
The worst moment has passed, and the future of business will be better. Channels go to stock and lighten up, along with product adjustments and better delivery power.
Prices and structure of products. With the release of m6+ brands, the growth of double-trenched brands, and the adjustment of declining products, it is expected to remain resilient in the fourth quarter and lead next year on the same base. Ocean channels, brands are solid, adjustment measures are sound, and organizational and team atmospheres are improved.
It is clear that the company will operate more robustly and well after the restructuring.1 In-depth research on Ocean River Holdings: Opening a new cycle. Investment recommendations: the company's channels and products have been adjusted to bear fruit, the channels and products are being re-established, the business situation is being developed
Click here to enter text. The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.