Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 3 quarterly reports issued by companies with revenue of $18.9 billion in the first three quarters, equivalent to 10.4 per cent net return to the mother
The net profit, not attributable to the mother, of $1.37 billion, is 2.3% higher, and the income end of 3q20 is above expectations. The income end is overexpected, with M6+ the successful replacement of 3q20 rising by 7.6%, exceeding expectations, or driven largely by dream blues.
Before the sugar and wine club and the channels studied, the sale of returns was over-expected, of which m6+ with a single-digit growth in the context of the end-marketing, and there was still a small amount of land below the sea blue and sky blue, and company prices compared to the depth of 300.
We believe that, given the M6+ marketing situation and the actual opening of the bottle by the consumer, the M6+ replacement success can be largely recognized, with the expectation that sales will reach 10 billion calibres in 2022, double the current level (about 5 billion calibres in 2019 M6 sales); m3 upgrades are expected to be marketed, or
Replicating the m6+ incremental increase model is expected to absorb the rising demand for consumption; sea blue, pre-collected cash flow is robust and financial quality is improved $3.87 billion in pre-receipt balance of 3q20, a slight decrease of $80 million in ring 2q20 and an increase of 3q19 per cent.
Improved and improved financial quality. 3q20 turnover taxes, sales fees, overheads, 7% increase, 9.5%, 6.9% increase, understandable and generally normal.
In 2020, the company ' s product system was reshaped, with the introduction of a completely new control board-discount model (one size, multi-code linkage) using m6+, the re-establishment of a cost-disbursing system, the optimization of traditional customer gift fees, the targeting of consumers, the handling of costs by distributors, and the improvement of the efficiency of investment;
(a) To promote the reform of the integration of manufacturers and the establishment of a “one-stop shop, multi-market match-making” model, with the current firm’s price system for core products steadily rising, significant improvements in relations with distributors and increased incentives for distribution of channels;
The company's two main lines of work were broken into five, with the addition of high-end, dream blues, sea skyscrapers, two ditches of business, 002304: a comprehensive change in product channels, dream blues, further refinement of the organizational structure, with the division of product channels, and some targeted efficiency improvements.
Leading Core Increment 2020-06-18 2. Huaanian Securities _ Corporate Research _ Point Assessment Report _ Ocean River Stock (002304); m3 On Prices, Dream Blue Brand Capability
3. Huaanyan Securities_Study Review _ Ocean Rivers Equity (002304); m6+ Success with Large Ship Reloadings 2020-10-14
Three quarters of the company's revenue is higher than expected, turns or is fully established, m6+ carrying a full new channel control system, profit-sharing model, successful replacement, dream blue branding, continuous growth, m6+ leading performance core increment, same logic, adjustment base of inter-Yo River personnel adjustment, organizational separation, channel reform, product renewal, etc.
Billion dollars, equal to 6 per cent, + 13 per cent, + 11 per cent, resulting in net return profits of 74.5 per cent, 80.2 per cent, channel marketing adjustment less than expected; recovery of the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky less than expected; and expansion of the blue of the dream m6+ less than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.