The company's 20q1-q3 revenue is $18,914 million.
See, the dream series continues to grow, taking the Nanjing market as an example, 20q1-q3 dream 3 keeps up about 15% on a year-on-year basis due to channel price regulation, 6 and 6+ keep up the low-digit growth of the sky blue due to new effects, a slight decline in the sea blue, and the sea/day series remain relatively flat.
2 2) From outside the province, the company ' s core market has maintained a ring improvement for the second half of the year, Angkor market dream 3 has grown and the seaside ratio has declined; Hunan market dream 6+/dream 3 has increased by the same number, leading to the growth of the number of places to be raised/distributed; Shandong market is dominated by decomposition of stocks, Mid-Autumn Day
Non-compulsory borrowing, part of Dream 3 quota restrictions have had a slight impact on the completion of the year’s assignment. Overall, the firm’s depth adjustment is largely in place, and the company’s current inventory is in the pipeline (down from 19q3 with structural optimization + net interest rate on financial recovery, and the cash flow ring is better than the 20q1-q3 net profit).
The rate was 38.01 per cent (+4.11 pct), as a result, on the one hand, of the decline in the share of low- and medium-end products following the 20h1 epidemic, and the increase in the company ' s Māori ratio by 1.53 pc (73.2 per cent) after the optimization, and, on the other hand, of the company ' s sales/management, as a result of the increase of approximately $1.1 billion in the net fair value of the property for ransom.
1. Ocean River Shares (002.04): Dreams due to quota restrictions, coupled with a ratio of corporate sales costs to +0.31 ptt, and a net increase in management (including R & D) costs, with net corporate interest rate of 32.58 per cent (+1.84 ptt). Cash flow, 20q3
Net operating cash flow of $2.29 billion (the ring ratio is about +4.7 billion, which is the result of the company's recovery); Other accounts payable by the Department decreased by about $4.4 billion at the beginning of the year, mainly through direct refund or full release of the distributor's bond, light-loading and re-launching.
Liquor purchases are consistent with the goal of easing the relationship between manufacturers, lowering the pressure on channel funds, and stocking.  The company’s core strength is unchanged, with a dream 6+ high-strength sub-end: we believe that the company has largely nationalized its brands and channels, and that its core advantages are difficult to overcome in the short term, while it is in the company’s lead.
The company’s high-end and sub-high-end layout is sufficient to support its future production and storage capacity. The company’s high-end high-level 500-600-dollar-high-end product 6+ dream, which is now a good national offer, and which is currently in a competitive blue sea, is expected to hit 10 billion singles in the future.
The repurchases have been largely completed, followed by the continuation of the incentive policy, and the firm’s brand + channel’s nuclear superiority will be further reduced, contributing to the company’s high-quality growth. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee.