The consumer upgrading and recreation research centre, the Sioux leadership reform, accelerated, is expected to hit Davis twice, and the q3 return from Nanjing market has increased by more than 30%, of which m6 plus the basic replacement of the old m6
Entering the out-of-town market, which is still in the process of preparation and marketing.
The ratio of non-recurrent gains and losses, such as gains from fair value changes, is high, with non-net interest rates deducted from the same ratio of 1:30 pcts.
Management incentives continue to deepen, and the reform process can be accelerated. As of 30 September, the company had used 3.
The purchase of $1 billion (including transaction costs) and the repurchase are almost complete, and it is hoped that the next step will be to motivate middle- and senior-level employees in the form of equity, with greater internal motivation. In addition to equity incentives, the company has introduced a number of ways to stimulate it.
Measures: 1) Integrated Pay Incentives; 2) Fragmentation of Production Systems, Small Examination Modules; 3) Adjustment and Enhancement of Marketing System Incentives: 4) Promotion Channels are open to active staff.
The volume of m6 replacements in the former basic provinces has been maintained at $580-600, the terminal price has risen steadily, and the dealer's motivation has continued to increase. 2) The crystal version m3 has recently been marketed, with a 400-plus price band, and the dream blue line has been completely upgraded. In the short term, we expect the base and reform progress to be achieved.
The 20q4 income is expected to be 20% + and the 21-year dream series will accelerate the release of the reform dividend, which is expected to hit Davis twice. In the long run, the M6+ milestones have led to a rise in ocean river branding, and are expected to be 10 billion singles over the next 3-5 years. As the series continues to grow, the product matrix will grow.
Liu Xiaotsing The uncertainty of the epidemic affects demand; macroeconomic downsides; increased competition in the industry.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment