The effect of the reforms is beginning to show, with performance shifting to positive.
10.4 per cent net gain of $7.19 billion, or 0.6 per cent over the same period, with a return of $4.78 per share. 3q20 positive returns and net gains of 3q20, recovery of consumer scenes and the introduction of dream 6+ new items contributed to a faster increase in sales, the company’s adjustment effects were shown but not over, and the year-round performance pressure remained.
Investor relations are being exchanged, the epidemic is taking a long time to adjust, and the company’s marketing transformation is proceeding in line with the targets set, and the current product batch prices and stocks are improving before the adjustment, but they still fall short of the level expected by the department. In terms of product performance, the dream series outperforms the sea, the sky, and the dream 3 of them is due to duality.
During the festival, the bulk of the increase came from the dream 6+. As the new dream 6+ offers and the terminal site completes the layout, the marketing of the product is largely in line with the firm’s expectations. According to autumn sugar, the trend in consumption in the province of Dream 6+ has evolved, the price relationship is well handled, and the bulk price of the product is stable at $600-700, and we judge it.
A double-digit increase can be achieved in three quarters of the province. Sea, Sky, is a national monolith, as the base figure is still dominated by de-stocking, which is higher than in the province. 3q20 Māori is 0.8 pct below the same ratio, with a net interest rate of 1.9 pc over the same period, compared with investments in traded financial assets.
The Māori rate of 1-3q20 is an increase of 1.5 pct, thanks to product structure optimization, and a small decline of 0.8 pct of 3q20, which we judge to be related to the promotion policy during the double-square period. Public goods are gradually releasing performance, and companies are about to move into a new business cycle.
At the end of last year, the company completed the restructuring of its organizational structure, setting up the Dream Blue and Sea Sky Departments, while independently creating the two-divine products and creating a two-divide sales company. Through the fission of the organizational structure, the company rationally divides resources and manages them more precisely and more precisely.
It is expected that next year’s new products will contribute to the gradual release of performance as reform progresses well and stock digestion takes place. With the river’s no-name alcohol gene, short-term performance adjustments are long-term.
"The Ocean River shares are reported to be rated: the company continues to adjust in depth, internal adjustments are below expectations, and the promotion of new products outside the province is blocked."
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing