M6+ Success, big ship is about to reboot Investment rating: buy in (maintain) Jinan Falls feedback, large single m6+ at the heart of the ocean river success, provincial consumption prevalence is on the move
In 2020, the company re-engineered the Dream Blue Trinity to upgrade the overall product structure.
Growth is expected to continue; m6+ succeeded in replacing, according to grass-roots research, m6+ has developed in Jiangsu Province, consumption prevalence, supply of quotas during the double period, consumption end-of-end bottle opening rates and repurchase rates for group purchase units continue to go to stock, consumption prevalence is pending recovery
First, the mid-autumn 2020 policy focused on the blues of the sea, the blues of the sky, the whole box of buying and delivering cards, the liquor store helping the end of the inventory, and the stock level gradually improving, and second, the firm, on the one hand, to restore to a certain extent its investment in the blues of the sea and the blues of the sky, with the intention of restoring brand populism;
On the other hand, when M6+ was listed, it opened up the price space for products from up to down, and when M3 was marketed, there was hope to open up the blue price space with sky, to solve the problem of the closeness of the blue price of the sky, the low price of the blue price of the sky, and the fact that, as a national monolith, there were still channels to sink in the outlying market.
Fourth, the ocean’s blue, the sky’s blue, is expected to be replaced in 2021 to complete the top-down shift in all product lines. Channel reform has progressed steadily, and multiple policies have been effective.
In 2020, the company used m6+ to introduce a completely new system of division (one size, multi-yard linkages), re-establish a system of fee-disbursing, shifting the cost of hand-over gifts around consumers, responding to the recovery of costs by distributors, and improving the efficiency of the investment; and promote the reform of the integration of manufacturers, building
A “one-size-fits-all” model, with the current price system for the core products of the company growing steadily, 1. “Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ In-depth Report _ Ocean River Stock” has significantly improved its relationship with distributors, with increased marketing power from channels; and fission between the two main lines of the company.
: Comprehensive change in product channels, dream blues, five new high-end, dream blues, sea sky, double ditches, further refinement of organizational structure, leading core increment 2020-06-18
Accompanied by the separation of product channels, there is a focus on improving efficiency.
M6+ takes on the new channel control board split model, succeeds, dream blue brands continue to grow, m6+ core incremental lead performance logic remains unchanged, and adjustments in inter-oceanic personnel adjustments, organizational separation, re-routing, product renewal, etc. are basically in place, followed by sustained attention to the sea, the time of natural stability, and the ship is on the right track.
As the effect continues, the valuation repairs are expected to continue, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Channel marketing adjustments are not as fast as expected; the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky are not as fast as expected; and the blue of the dream m6+ promotion is not as fast as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.