M3 Crystal on the market, Dream Blue Boxing, Investment Rating: Buying (maintaining) Dream Blue Crystal (m3 Upgraded product) on the market, M6+ on the Crystal Boxing.
The Blue Crystal version of Dreams is available and is expected to replicate M6+. In 2020, the company re-created the Blue Troika in order to upgrade the overall product structure, m6+ up to 12 months/minimum in yuan.
The dream blue crystal version (m3 upgrade product) was released in November. The crystal version continued the previous m6+ product design model with the channel control board split model (costs tilted to consumers, cash bags combined with dream crystals for gift), and “Increased quality (50 ml more, 50 ml more)”
More wine, more wine, more wine, more old" and digitalization to achieve innovation, complete process tracking of production end, consumption end, accurate tracking of real stock and consumer openings, good consumption of m6+ under the quota system, and improved branding of dream blues.
M6+ Successful change of generation has resulted in consumption prevalence in Jiangsu province, a lack of supply of quotas during the two seasons, maintenance of a tight balance between supply and demand, a steady increase in the consumption end opening rate and the repurchase rate of the group buying units, with the expectation that sales calibre will reach 10 billion and double current expectations (2019 M6 sales)
In 2020, the company's dream blues were two core monomers, m6+, and the crystal version introduced a completely new control plate-discount model (one size, multi-code connection), re-established the cost-infusion system and cost-of-service gifts.
The shift towards consumer-oriented, cost-based treatment of distributors and increased efficiency in investment is expected to form a combination of m6+ and crystal; and the promotion of integrated manufacturer reform, with a “one-size-fits-all” model, with the current price system for the core products of the company growing steadily, with companies and corporations working together.
Distributors' relationships have improved significantly and channels have become more dynamic; the company's two main lines of work have broken into five, adding high-end, dream blues, sea sky, two ditches, and further fine-tuning the organizational structure, along with the separation of product channels and targeted efficiency gains.
“Waann Securities Corporation Study Point Assessment Report on Ocean Rivers” (002.04): three-quarter revenue gains, turning points or all 2. Huaan Securities _ Company Study _ Selected Assessment Report _ Ocean Rivers
Quantities (002.04): m3 price increases, blue brands of dreams, blue crystals of dreams are on the market, continue M6+ to carry the new channel control board split model, and are expected to form a combination box with m6+, internal inter-Yo River personnel adjustment, organizational separation, channel reform, product renewal, etc.
As the effect of the reforms continues, the valuation repairs are expected to continue, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Channel marketing adjustments are not as fast as expected; the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky are not as fast as expected; and the blue of the dream is not as fast as expected.
Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively from open information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.