The announcement of the second phase of the equity incentive scheme highlights long-term development confidence Events: The company released a restricted stock incentive scheme (second phase) on 28 November. (D.) 1.963 million shares are set aside, representing about 0.10% of the company's total equity. This is the second shareholding since the company's reorganization.
Incentives are on the ground, highlighting long-term development confidence. The overall assessment is as follows: Equity incentives are wide-ranging and core talent interests are tied to the company. The company proposes to award no more than 7,852,000 shares (1.5 per cent of the total number of technical cadres) for the first time, eight of them top managers.
YOON’s second shareholding incentive has landed, highlighting long-term development confidence. This is the second time a company has been listed.
\triangleright Research Assistant \triangleright punctuated performance appraisals meet the following three points at the same time: 1) Unlockable prior fiscal year with non-metaweighted averages
s010122023 level; 2) deductibles for the preceding fiscal year from the preceding fiscal year (i.e. 2021) from the preceding fiscal year (i.e. 2021) are not less than 15% NPR composite growth and not less than the 75-segment level for the target enterprise; 3) solventable
The research assistant, Zhao Bo-hoon, met the requirements of the Aviation Industries Group for a fiscal year before locking up, and the eva was greater than zero.
The company conducts performance appraisals from multiple dimensions, develops long-term incentives, and demonstrates confidence in long-term development. Industry layouts are getting better; the airline host will either lead to the development of the relevant industry chain.
Incentives implemented on 2 November 2018, awarded to 80 incentive targets (0.54% of the total at the time) 1. Three-quarterly report point 2022, mid-flight Shen Fei (600760/sh): steady and steady growth in performance; movable property in the air host pipeline
2. The China-China Shen Fei (600760/sh) incident review: the development of the industry and the active leadership of the airline industry chain, in cooperation with local governments. We believe that it is beneficial to benefit from the role of the air host, which leads to the upgrading of the relevant industry chain.
2022/09/28 The chain length of the company's supply chain and the lead role of the air carrier will either continue to optimize the relevant industrial chain.
Investment proposals: the company was one of the suppliers of the entire aircraft of our aviation equipment, with a robust growth in its 1h22 performance during the “14th Five-Year” period; the construction and construction of integrated aviation, the accelerated rotation of air defence equipment, the steady development of civil aviation product operations, and the development/building/repair of integration
The industrial chain continues to improve, with a combination of long-term equity incentives, and companies are expected to perform more and more.
Air industry chain - 2022/05/04 \triangleright Core asset attributes of the chain are prominent, with 1q22 high growth opening
2022/03/30 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.