On 28 November, the company released a restricted stock incentive scheme (second phase) (draft).
The allocation of incentives to no more than 98.15 million restricted shares, with a core backbone tied around the total stock holdings for the day of announcement, and the unlocking conditions to demonstrate the company ' s confidence in its future development, as disclosed in the " A Restricted Stock Incentives Plan " (second draft)
Sub-granted incentives included directors of listed companies, senior managers, and managerial and technical cadres with a direct impact on the performance and continued development of listed companies, for a total of 226 persons.
Figure 1 Scope of the incentive target covered by the incentive plan Figure 2 Unlocking performance conditions of the incentive plan 1. Unlockable net asset return for the preceding fiscal year is not less than 14.2 per cent and not less than 14.2 per cent
2. Combination of net profits for the fiscal year preceding the unlockable fiscal year as compared to the fiscal year preceding the draft bulletin
(a) The assessment target issued by the group company and greater than 0 per cent for eva.1 The current rate of return on net assets for a fiscal year that can be unlocked is not less than 14.5 per cent and is not less than the 75-segment level for the target enterprise;
2. Combination of net profits for the fiscal year preceding the unlockable fiscal year as compared to the fiscal year preceding the draft bulletin
Assessment targets issued by corporate groups and greater than 0 in eva.1 The unlockable net asset return for the preceding fiscal year is not less than 14.8 per cent and is no less than 1. Performance growth.
2. A robust growth in net profits for the fiscal year prior to the release of the draft bulletin, leading air defence equipment, and completion of the current fiscal year eva (economic added value) target
• Use legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from market information, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.