Four-quarter net profit increases of 49-106 per cent over the same period and double price increases in the volume of car glass products.
Enhance customer stickyness and responsiveness and efficiency in meeting customer needs; 2) Firms take full advantage of the global production base configuration to build a global, integrated competitive advantage with high value for money products, stable quality assurance, all-weather support capacity; 3) Companies adhere to technology and management innovation
Newly, to capture the new four-way trend in the automobile industry, to fully apply cross-border technologies on glass carriers, to provide full solutions for households, and to continue to grow their business with intellectual property rights and the supply of ecological clusters Building the moat: 4) to benefit from the appreciation of the company's major foreign exchange currencies in the United States dollar in 2022,
At the end of the scale, Fukuoka announcement of 30 August, 1) is to invest $650 million in the United States of America and expand it.
Projects such as plating car glass, steeled laminated windows, floating glass, 4 suns, backboard glass deep-processed production lines, etc.; 2) Strategic cooperation with the State Government of Zhengzhou to plan 500 acres of land for the implementation of the whole industry chain layout; 3) Replenishment of 600 million yuan in construction of plating car glass, steel plating laminated laminated laminates, etc.
Production lines, etc. We believe that the expansion of the current replenishment is expected to open a new cycle of capacity. At the end of the price, the price of single flat rice has risen from 152 yuan in 2016 to 181 yuan in 2021, with a capr of 3%, and the net profit in the first three quarters of the year has increased by 84%.
2203 is expected to continue to rise. With the penetration of high-value-added glass, such as skyscreen glass, hud glass, Fashion Glass (600660.0.sh) - a new round of expansion of the value-added new product cycle and production capacity.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Quarterly Renovation, Quarter Value Increase Investment Recommendations: Downward Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of “buy-in” Ratings.
The company, as the global engine of car glass, has a major intellectual trend in which car glass is expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres in use (areas) and from 600 to more than 2,000 square metres in value (plating, insulation, covering, hud, light adjustment, 5g communications, etc.).
Autoglass, web connection opens new horizons, and the industry is expected to pick up a bit faster. Considering the outbreak and the exchange rate, 2022q4 is forecasted net profit for the mother to rise by 49-106% over the same period.
End-to-end value stream, faster market responsiveness, more sticky, more agile and efficient in meeting customer demand; 2) companies take full advantage of the global distribution of production bases to build a global, integrated competitive advantage with high value for money, stable quality assurance, all-weather support capacity: 3) companies insist on technology
Technology and management innovations to capture the new four-way trend in the automobile industry, to fully apply cross-border technologies on glass carriers, to provide full solutions for clients and to build protected cities with intellectual property rights and the supply of ecological clusters to sustain the company's business growth River: 4) to benefit from the appreciation of the company's major foreign currency currency in the United States dollar in 2022, resulting in an increase in exchange rate earnings
In the first three quarters of 2022, revenue growth was robust, with a record high of q3 revenue and net profits. In the first three quarters of 2022, glazing glass generated $20.440 billion (+19.16 per cent for the same year) and a total profit of $4.578 billion (compared to 34 per cent for the same year), exceeding the auto industry by 1.6 pct (22q2 for domestic automobiles).
To. 20203 The net profit performance is highly innovative, mainly due to increased income and exchange gains. Figure 4: The single-quarter net profit return and the same-rate increase in the white glass, taking into account the accounting standard adjustment of the comparative caloric Māori ratio of 2022 q3 compared to 0.68 pct, ring ratio
Transport costs have been changed from those originally included in the current period to the same base amortization as those recognized as revenue from goods or services to operating costs; routine repairs of fixed assets associated with the production and processing of inventories have been changed from those originally included in the current period to those treated in accordance with the principle of determining inventory costs.
Accounting policies prepare financial statements, with adjustments to the comparison of the financial statements for the same period of the previous year.
Figure 6: Monument rates and net interest rates for the first quarter of Fulbright Glass. Financial cost rates are significantly lower on a year-on-year basis as a result of currency exchange gains, with a ratio of 2022q34 rates to 10 pct. Considering that the change in accounting policy has led to an incomparable pattern of cost rates, we have here to adjust to the provisions of the new accounting policy.
Four rates for the first three quarters were 11.76 per cent, corresponding to -7.41 pct, with sales/management/finance/research and development rates of 2022q3 surging faster than the domestic automobile industry of 1.6 pct, and vehicle glass operations continued to advance both within and outside the country. Since 2013, annual and quarterly rate increases in the Fukuoka glass have fluctuated towards the general and domestic car markets.
The industry has been consistent, and its growth rate in absolute terms has largely been higher than that of industry, with the domestic automobile industry of 2022q3. According to the subregion, the offshore subsidiary Fukuyo Glass USA Ltd. (100% holding Fukuyo Glass Illi billion dollars, operating income in the first half of 2022 has been reduced to RMB 2,234 million, and net profits to RMB 218 million.
At the end of the scale: a new cycle of expansion of capacity is set in motion, and global city occupancy is expected to increase steadily, with US capacity of 5.5 million (15% R & D) and Russian capacity of 1.3 million. According to company announcements, the company will continue to expand vehicle glass capacity in the US, Chengzhou, and Fukuking.
The company’s current floating glass energy base covers the United States, home to 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity and 260,000 tons of United States capacity. According to the company’s announcement, the company will then expand the floating glass/light glass capacity in the United States.
The announcement of increased investment by American Limited and its subsidiaries, Hyo intended to invest $65 million in the United States of America, a fully-owned subsidiary, of which $30 million was invested in projects such as plating car glass, production lines, steeled windows, etc. for the United States of America; and $35 million in the United States of America.
On 30 August, Foyo Illinois, a subsidiary, invested additionally and invested in the construction of two lines of a kiln (the floating production line of Fukuyo Illinois), four solar backboard glass deep processing production lines, factories and supporting infrastructure projects.
For the long- and medium-term layout of Chengzhou and the focus area on the cultivation of urban areas in China, Fukuyo will implement the whole industry chain layout in Chengzhou to expand production capacity and build the capacity of “Change One”
(a) Establishment of a multi-purpose vehicle glass and new technology research and development centre for new technologies for new energy vehicles and customers;
On August 30, Foyoshi Industries Group, Inc., published a voluntary disclosure on the subject of full capital to the owner of the owner's company, Feng Yiu Po, Ltd., as a companion to a full set of car glass (including steel, plating, mold production, etc.)
In June 2021, the Department announced that it had invested 600 million yuan in the Fukuk car glass for projects such as the construction of plating lines for car glass and steeled laminates for windows, which had been filed with the Fukuk City Agency for Development and Reform in June 2022 and had started work on civil construction in August 2022.
We believe that the expansion is expected to open a new cycle of capacity generation, and that the global market share of the company’s car glass industry, with the expansion signal, is expected to continue to rise. At the price end: sustained R & D inputs, with higher value-added products rising.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies are investing more and more, and their research and development investment has grown from 155 million yuan in 2010 to 815 million yuan in 2020, and 1.13 per cent in San Goban. Companies have set up smart innovation centres, created smart network innovation teams, and quickly studied them.
Breaking through the core technology of critical car glass formation processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating films, photovoltaics, etc. by developing light-quantified ultra thin glass, plating glass to heat it, up-showing glass, ultra-separated glass, eccentric 5g glass with grid antennas, intelligent panorama glass, etc., to bring full access to users.
New green intelligence, energy-efficient environmental protection, and safe and comfortable driving experiences. In response to the country’s “middle carbon” and “carbon peaks,” Yoyo actively introduced highly automated production lines in the manufacture of innovative products, significantly increasing the efficiency and quality of production while further reducing production energy consumption.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads the company to upgrade its glass products. The company continues to push car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration”, smart skyscreen glass, modifiable glass, glass-up, glass-up, glass-up, glass-free, light-quantized, plating-heated glass, etc.
The value of the value-added product rose steadily, from $3.31 pct over the same period in the previous year to 3.31 pct. The price of car glass flat rice continued to rise from $152.4 in 2016 to $180.5 in 2021, and the price of cagr was 3.44%. In December 2021, the world’s premier landscape-wide mountain tourism train was officially downed in Lake South China.
It will be operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in late 2022 in the city of Leijiang, where the front window of the train, the skyglass, is designed with hyperbolic front window sizes of about 5.2 m2, which are currently the largest-sized track traffic front window products, and where the side window is equipped with electric colourable glass.
Figure 13: Fukuyo car glass unit price ($/m2) Figure 14: Global first landscape-wide mountain travel train officially delineated. December 2022, Fukuyo released a transparent projection showing glass and closed the sound-proof side window window to clear the video.
Washing the ground on the panorama: and introducing a brand-new laser radar interior program -- placing the laser radar on the inside of the front windshield -- is the best solution that can be found now from the vehicle's appearance, the location of the layout of the laser radar, and later, not only keeping the curved shape of the vehicle fluid, but not because it's installed.
Low impact detection results, with the front windshield as a protective layer, the laser radar device can remove the thunder mask, save the clean-up programme, and, of course, the defrosting programme, free from the impact of gravel and so on, so that the current manufacturing costs and maintenance costs are both reduced.
Figure 16: Foyo launched the Laser Radar Incorporated Program - Placing Laser Radars on the inside of the front windshield Looking forward with Hud (popular meb/New Great Wall Platform, etc.), full glass roof (Texra, Peng, etc.),
The use of light glass as a proxy is becoming more widespread, and the automobile glass industry is expected to increase at a faster rate in the context of electric intelligence. We believe that light glass, with its insulation, sound insulation, recreation, safety, etc., will be given more functionality throughout the landscape. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream.
It's a branded electric smart car. At the moment, glittered glass products can be divided into pdlc, thermal-variant, and ec-moderated glass, of which pdlc can be adapted to the landscape skyscreen glass as an optional part in a map free, with a level 10 per cent lightable, with 99 per cent of UV cut off; and hot-changed glass can customise multiple glass colours.
And the colours can change with temperature; ec-lighted skyscraper is the new heavy weight-modified glass to be launched this year for the benefit of the light, with low fog, intelligent sensory automatic light, insulated UV, etc., with light-chamber ec-to-colour technology, with a gradient-to-colour light in apogee 001, wide aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc.
Figure 17: Freepdlc light + plating plating panorama. Figure 18: Biadi seals carrying ec light +low-e panorama investment proposal: a continuous recommendation for global luminous glass on a high-quality track, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
In the context of motor smartness, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts; 2) autonomous rise product chains are developed along two main lines. Under the incremental/upgraded components main line, car glass has a built-in cardboard advantage (a third of the size of the car is around the crew), and the previous upgrade revolves around front-hudization and top-of-the-scenes.
In the medium term, by looking at the penetration of light glass, forward car glass is expected to become a sea mass at the end of the car ' s ecological application, with a large growth space (one-car value from 700-1500-3000+) according to the output carrier (volume of information other than the control screen).
With China’s automobile industry growing for many years, with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown as a global car glass tap (31% of cities) with far greater profitability than a global competitor. Short-term dimensions, 2022, with high growth in corporate performance expected in the context of upgrading; medium-term dimensions, companies in North America, China, and Fuku Qing, among others.
With the expected start of a new energy cycle with the expansion signal, the global market for corporate car glass operations is expected to continue to rise; long-term dimensions, the company as the global engine of car glass, with a high trend of intelligence, are expected to increase vehicle glass usage by 1) from 4 m to 6 m; and 2) square metres.
The value increase (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) has been raised from $600 to over $2,000. The following car glass, web connection, opened up new horizons, and industry asp upgrades are expected to accelerate.The authors have assured that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author