Researchchand developmentcenter glass: product structure continues to improve and is valued at full value
– Glossy Glass (600660). Glossy glass: The continuing trend in the volume of the carbone continues, with a significant increase in the performance of 2203.
Glossy glass: The product structure continues to improve, and the volume price rises
In 2022, the company’s main product, the auto props, was 127 million square metres, compared to 7.33 per cent, and the unit price was 201.28 yuan per square metre, corresponding to 11.53 per cent.
Capital spending has continued to increase, new projects have been added, and production capacity has progressed in an orderly manner. In 2022, the Company Replenishment Plan: 1) proposes to increase US$ 650 million to Fukuyo to invest in projects such as plating carbates, steeled windows, floating glass, etc.; 2) proposes to increase the number of investors in Fukugi's car glass.
The sum of $600 million was used for the construction of plating car glass production lines and steel lacquer windows: 3) a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the Chengzhou City People's Government to build a “one-centre three-base”. The new round of expansion of capacity helped companies to continue to open their markets at home and abroad.
It is expected to increase the value of the bicycles further by optimizing the product structure and increasing the share of high-value-added products.
High-value-added products such as curtain glass, modifiable glass as a percentage of operating income compared to the same period in the previous year.
201.28/m2, +11.53%. With the penetration of high-value-added products, the risk factors are: higher value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, have not increased as much as expected; higher prices for raw materials, exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, etc.
The year 2022 saw a robust growth in operating income, with a strong growth in q3 and q4 performance. The year 2022 saw business income of $28.99 billion, or 19.05 per cent, as compared to +0.48 per cent in the previous year, as a result of increased corporate marketing efforts and higher value-added production ratios.
pct. Total profits realized throughout the year amounted to $5,579 million, or +46.09 per cent, of which net profit earned by mothers amounted to $4,756 million, or +51.16 per cent, an increase of $1,573 million, or 2 over the same period of the previous year, and the subsidiary, Fysam Motors and Accoutrements Ltd., calculated a devalued long-term asset of $106 million. After deducting the impact of the two factors, total profits in 2022 were equal to +6.73 per cent. q3, q3 and 6.73 per cent on a quarterly basis.
Figure 6: Increases in the company’s quarterly net interest rate and Māori rate in recent years, and significant declines in the financial costs of exchange rate fluctuations have resulted in a year-to-year cost ratio - 6.97 ptt. Taking into account the adjustment of accounting standards, the gain on exchange was $1,045 million, and the loss on exchange was $528 million during the same period in the previous year, resulting in a reduction of financial costs by $1,573 million over the previous year.
In addition, in 2022, the company stepped up its research and development project management to promote technological upgrading and value-added of its products, the cost of research and development rose substantially, and the sales revenue from the main business increased significantly. In 2022, the company sold 127 million square metres of glass, corresponding to +7.33 per cent of the year, and the unit price of the car glass was $201.28 per square metre, compared to +11.53 per cent of the year.
In 2022, the cost of selling car glass increased by $3.05 billion over the same period in the previous year, compared with the rate of +20.39 per cent, and the ratio of car glass operations to Māori business - 1.01 ptt. Figure 10: Māori rates of company operations in recent years
The product structure is optimized, the value of high-value-added products is higher, and the volume of rickets is expected to increase further. The company insists on technology and management innovation and captures a new four-fold trend in the automobile industry, with high value-added products, such as smart panorama glass, radiable glass, glass up, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantized superglass, plating glass, etc., accounting for the same share of business income in 2022 as in the previous year.
Capital spending has continued to increase, new projects have been added, and production capacity has progressed in an orderly manner. In 2022, the company paid $3.13 billion in cash for the purchase of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets, compared to +34.43%.
Some $469 million in domestic spending, approximately $347 million in capital expenditure on the Shanghai car glass project and approximately $335 million in capital expenditure on the Suzhou car glass project. 1) Fukuoka Glass Proclamation on the increase in corporate investment in the fully-owned subsidiary Fyoglass USA Ltd. and its subsidiaries:
The company proposes to invest an additional $65 million in the U.S. S.A., of which $30 million will be invested in projects such as the construction of plating car glass lines, steeled windows; $35 million will be invested by the U.S. for its son Foyo Illinois; and Fyo Illinois will be invested in the construction of two lines of a kiln (the floating glass line), four lines.
Solar Backboard Glass Deep Process Production Lines, Plants and Auxiliary Infrastructure Projects. 2) Fow Glass Voluntary Disclosure Proclamation on Increased Investment in Full-Owned Companies: The Company intends to invest $600 million more in Fok Qing Motor Glass for further upgrading of projects such as plating car glass production lines and steeled laminated windows
The project started in August 2022. 3) Fukuyo Glass Proclamation on the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement between the company and the Chengzhou City People's Government: the company added about 500 acres to the South China Park for the construction of a “one centre, three bases”: 1) multi-purpose car glass and new technology
R & D Centre; 2) Construction of Chengzhou Production Base as one of the regional, national, and even global, post-sale glass base; Expansion of the market after sale: 3) Future potential for new aluminium accessories production and export: 4) Establishment of the fully-owned company Zhengzhou Fyo Glass Limited as an all-round (including steel, plating, molding, etc.) base for the production of car glass, including new energy sources.
With new investment projects on the ground, the company’s productive capacity is expected to increase further, which will help companies to continue to exploit domestic and foreign markets. High-value-added products, such as skyscreen glass, will not rise as expected; the risk of higher prices for raw materials; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Master's degree.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, mainly covering smart cars, car connections, new power in car construction, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.