The titanium powder industry is under pressure and the multi-dimensional layout of the new titanium materials — the report of the event evaluation of the company of the Group (002601.sz).
Achieving gross operating income of $13.342 billion, a decline of 3.35 per cent over the same period; achieving a net return; anti-dumping policy and a low rate of recovery in the titanium powder industry; and a decline in corporate overall revenues in the first half of 2025, centred on a hostile external market environment.
On the one hand, anti-dumping tariffs in major overseas markets, such as the United States, the European Union, the Eurasian Union, Brazil and India, have not only directly weakened the export competitiveness of corporate core products, titanium powder, but also contributed to the convergence of the two factors of product concentration.
The pressure on the domestic market to oversupply is further exacerbated by the shift of some export-oriented enterprises to domestic markets; on the other hand, titanium powder, which accounts for 68.05 per cent of the core product of the company, is subject to fluctuations in performance in the overall collection.
The amount of 61.2 million tons, an increase of 2.08 per cent from the same year, and the scale of the production and sales have been re-innovated to demonstrate a stronger capacity to release capacity and market channel base. But it is supplied by the domestic market.
The effects of excess have increased, the profit margins of the industry have been significantly compressed, titanium powder prices have grown steadily over the same period, and a long-term decline in size has eventually become a central factor in the decline in net corporate return profits.
ii. The Longsong Group (002601: q3 is stable at cost, investment cash flows are growing significantly, net profit rings are raised and titanium mines are consolidated.
This advantage 2024-11112. The right to film prospecting highlights the fact that changes in the costs of upstream titanium mining operations are mainly due to exchange rate changes affecting higher exchange rate gains.
The company uses the waste by-products of titanium powder production.
For example, iron sulphate and surplus capacity such as salin, sulphate, steam, hydrogen, etc. are used in the production of both positive and negative materials for lithium batteries, effectively reducing the cost of manufacturing new energy materials. Through increased research and development inputs and the introduction of high-end talent, companies have acquired phosphate iron, phosphorus, phosphorus, etc.
Advanced scale-up production techniques for acid lithium and graphite negative poles, and replication of the titanium industrial chain into the area of lithium electric materials, resulting in a two-wheel-drive model for efficient synergy of titanium plus lithium. In the first half of 2025, the company produced 45.8 million phosphate irons.
The transformation not only expanded the product lines, but also fostered new growth curves, enabling firms, leading the titanium industry, with a steady core of performance, waiting for titanium chain values, with demand falling short of expectations: international trade risks; falling product prices; and lack of project progress.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.