The price of titanium powder is 20 August 2025 at the bottom of the grid, strengthening the industrial chain layout.
The company achieved $13.331 billion in operating income in the first half of the year, a company dedicated to the development of new materials such as titanium, zirconium, lithium, etc.
The sales of titanium powder increased, but fell as a result of falling prices. In the first half of the year, the company’s main product, titanium powder, mainly in titanium powder, sponge titanium, titanium products, lithium sales increased by 2.08 per cent to 61.20 million tons on a year-on-year basis, but the price of titanium powder fell on a year-on-year basis, resulting in titanium powder camps.
The production and sale of products such as positive and negative electrode materials have fallen by between 7.68% and $8.664 billion on the same date. In addition, the company has sold sponge titanium, iron-coated products, silicon products, and products to more than 100 countries and regions on six continents.
In China, titanium powder produces 1.51 million tonnes/year, and sponge titanium yields 80,000 tonnes/year, all of which are among the world’s leading industries. The company titanium industry is based in Buche, Sichuan, Hubei, Yunnan, Gansu, etc.
The price of titanium powder is expected to rebound. The price of titanium powder has now reached the bottom of the price range for almost five years.
In the second quarter of this year, exports affected by anti-dumping in a number of countries abroad were blocked, market prices were rewinded, green industrial chains used: non-metal sulfur products were controlled by companies, market demand was under pressure, industrial start-up rates were falling, resulting in a backlog of stocks, and titanium powder industry fell in full price.
We're looking at the price of titanium powder on August 18, up to $500 per ton for domestic customers, up to $70 per ton for international customers. As demand recovers, we expect the price of titanium powder on the market.
Companies continue to deploy upstream mineral resources, reinforcing the advantages of industrial chain integration. The company’s titanium powder and titanium production are among the world’s highest in size, with a capacity of 1.51 million tons of titanium powder and 80,000 tons of sponge production.
With regard to mineral resources for raw materials, the company has actively promoted two core projects, the “Joint Development of the Two Mines in the Red Geg North” and the “Greek Stock/Creating a Unit (millions) Iron Mine Development”, which will be made public through the joint development of the Red Gg North and the Temple Trench areas.
The titanium concentrate can reach 24.8 million tons/year, and the iron concentrate can reach 7.6 million tons/year. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies are leading companies in the titanium powder industry, titanium powder and sponge capacity.
They are in the forefront of the world, and while doing their best, companies continue to deploy their resources up and down the industrial chain, and are actively developing new energy materials and diversified and collaborative business models. We maintain the company's financial and intellectual potential.
Longsong Group (002601.sz): The bottom of the price of titanium powder, strengthening the fabric of the industrial chain, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Liu Woo-Chou.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Group (00201.sz): The bottom of titanium powder prices, the intensification of the industrial chain layout, does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.