The price of titanium powder is expected to rebound, and the integration of the two mines continues to advance.
• The closure of the overseas titanium industry, which is expected to help improve the global supply of and demand for titanium powder, is expected to contribute to the improvement of the global supply and demand pattern. According to the public, the recent increase in energy costs and increased competition in the market has led to the financial distress of vanator, the closure of German plants and the suspension of production in Asia, and the sale of three British plants in search of restructuring.
It produces 650,000 tons of titanium powder per year (including sulphuric acid and chlorination, some of which had been shut down before), and is responsible for about 6.6 per cent of global production (based on global production in late 2023). The shutdown of overseas titanium powder companies is expected to help improve global supply of and demand for titanium powder.
The price of titanium powder is expected to rebound steadily, and the industry is down 4.21% from last week's rate of 60.68% in the titanium powder industry.
With regard to stocks, the stock ratio of titanium powder producers in the country dropped by 1.72 per cent last week, individual large plants stopped working, deliveries were dominated by stocks on the spot, and the rest of the producers thought that short-term market supply was expected to decline and prices were expected to rise. At the cost end, titanium powder companies faced greater cost pressures as a result of the persistently high price of raw materials.
Sub-enterprise production is still at a loss, firms are more willing to transfer costs, and markets are rising. In the future, we believe that, with the pace of the golden silver 10 demand season, subsequent titanium prices are expected to stabilize, and the process of internationalization of titanium powder is progressing steadily, and the integration of the two mines is progressing steadily.
According to company announcements, in the face of anti-dumping investigations of titanium powder in the EU, Brazil, India, etc., the company continues to advance its strategy of offshore distribution of produce and capacity, expanding its share of overseas markets, establishing offshore production bases, and achieving raw materials.
The process of internationalization of titanium powder - corporate information continuously enhances the security of upstream raw materials and actively promotes the joint development of the two mines in the Red Glands and Xu's new report - 2025.4.25
Two core projects, Mining Development, are expected to continue to grow in future end-of-life capacity in mines.