M3 price hikes, dream blue brands are constantly rising Investment rating: Buying (maintaining) 3 September, microbarrel report, under the ocean, notice of dream blue m3 price adjustment, product supply
The price is raised by $20/bottle; the terminal is offered at no less than $420/bottle (low), 500 m3 increase, or to pave the way for the upgrading of the m3 product, based on feedback from research sources, the current old version M3 is no longer in production and the company controls the m3 mid-autumn quota.
The M3 channel for sub-high-end monoliths has a strong demand and a relatively tight supply-demand relationship; after this price increase, the m3 has reached a four-way opening, the profit from the channel has increased further and end confidence and motivation have increased significantly; and the supplier relationship has been further strengthened, and the producer market voice and influence have regained dominance.
For the company ' s Mid-Autumn Premise price, there are three ways in which: 1) Reaction m3 stock has been deconstructed well, and the firm ' s price compared to the depth of 300; 2) it is expected that the m3 brand will be upgraded and a war will be waged against the m6+ at the lower end of the price belt.
A little complementarities; 3) paving the way for the subsequent M3 upgrades to be marketed in anticipation, in response to rising consumption, to further stabilize sub-high mainstream price segments. m6+consumption ends are growing steadily and dream blue brands are rising
In 2020, the company recreated the Blue Trinity in order to upgrade the overall product structure. Core consumer growth continued at the top of m9 and manual classes, with a steady growth of 1h, with the expected completion of the mission expected to be over-expected throughout the year; m6+ successfully replaced, national channel recruitment completed at the end of April.
Batch prices are steadily up to over $600, consumer end opener data loops continue to grow, volume switches are properly processed, and sales calculators are expected to reach 10 billion in three years, double the current level (currently about 5 billion); m3 is in a critical period of price increases for new products, follow-up operations.
The bottom blue and the sky blue 1h continue to fall, relying on end-of-term policy investments for stability, and mid-autumn policy is focused on the sea, which is expected to work in the second half of the year. Channel reform is progressing steadily, with multiple policies already working.
In 2020, the company cost-disbursing system was re-established with a focus on consumers, with significant improvements in the efficiency of the investment; the promotion of integrated vendor reform and the establishment of a “one-size-fits-all” model, with a steady upturn in the current firm's core product price system and a significant change in the company's relationship with distributors
1. “Waann Securities Corporation research depth reports good ocean stock, improved channel marketing power; the company's two main lines of business split into five, with new high-end, dreams (00204): overall change in product channels, dream blues
Ministry of Blue, Sea Sky, Twin Trench Industries, further fine-tuning the organizational structure, with multiple-wheel drive power in the air. Leading Core Growth 2020-06-18.
Number (002.04): The adjustment cycle has been prolonged, with no change in the M3 mark, a switch from the watch to the line, or a roll-out for the M3 upgrade, and the dream blue brand has continued to grow, with no change in the logic of the M6+ core growth in leading performance, and the company remains at the core of the fundamentals.
Valuation repairs are expected to continue, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Channel marketing adjustments are not as fast as expected; the blue of the sea and the blue of the sky are not as fast as expected; and the blue of the dream m6+ promotion is not as fast as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.