It's almost finished, and we're looking at the second half of the year, and the Ocean River shares (002304) are being evaluated in the semi-annual report of 2020.
31 August 2020 Adjustments are expected to be completed and stocks will be deconstructed to prepare for the season.
The downside is still the result of a proactive adjustment, the speed of access to stock has increased further, the company needs to distinguish between and select qualified players in the construction of a new “producer-one” distribution system, the short-term pain is inevitable, and the company's adjustment cycle has been running for more than a year since 19q3, and we believe that adjustments have been made.
At the end of the day, the pipeline stock was kept low and the upcoming q3 q3 was on the run, and the company was expected to move out of development, with product structure optimization leading to Māori upswings, the appreciation of financial assets and investment returns increasing profitability The Māori rate of 20H1 white wine products increased by 2.23 ppt to 75.29 per cent over the same period, mainly due to: 1) Blue of Dreams 6+
Market entry is progressing well, with the high Māori rate for products released increasing the overall Māori rate; 2) the structure of out-of-provincial products is better than in-provincial and the share of out-of-provincial income increased in the first half of the year. The Māori rate for sales within/out-of-provincial companies is lower than the fixed cost for the company as a whole. 20h1 net interest rates are 5.33 ppt higher than in the same period.
To 40.22%, due mainly to Māori upswing (+2.23ppt), Sino-Secret ipo-led trading gold financing, the commitment to reform highlights the fact that the future of the company is going out of the valley, and the power of the river lies in the flexibility and ability to learn in the corporate system.
Merit belts, product quality upgrades, support of product system price boards; channel end: emphasis on distributors and active construction of 1. Ocean River shares (002.04) 2019 and new plant ecology, setting up “one-stop shop, multiple-stop shop” distribution system in various markets, institutionally
Quarterly 2020: A proactive stock drive, end-of-service companies are using $1.05 billion to promote new equity incentives, initiatives that show the ocean's seeking a second close, and the epidemic is expected to recover.
Development, determination to get out of the valley. Ocean River shares (002304), fast performing in 2019. III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
Reported positive results: Active access to channel stocks, with valuation levels below the 2020 level of 45 times that of the white plate (wind consistently anticipated, averaging of numbers), and given the initial success of the Division's initiative to clean pipeline stocks, medium- and long-term growth is still optimistic, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company’s financial statements are summed up in data projections, from Beijing University, with a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree. In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.