The Center for Consumer Upgrading and Entertainment Studies has made a steady leap forward, and the effect of the reforms has accelerated.
The impact of the epidemic has continued, and the demand for white wine has not yet fully recovered. 2) The company does not have a sales test, but it is still on the front line, and the effect of the reforms is becoming apparent.
6+ in the breeding phase, with a predominantly multi-traded distribution model, the threshold for 6+ distributor screening is high and the amount still needs time. By region, income of $6,640,6789 million in 20h1 provinces/extra-provincial areas continues to upgrade the product structure, with a slight increase in the cost of spending. 20h1 net interest rates are also increased by 5.32 pcts, mainly by 5.32 pcts.
3. " Reforms are deepening, the ocean is entering the new path -- the share of non-recurring gains and losses, such as investment returns, fair value changes, etc., is high, with net interest rates not attributable to the mother being equal to -0.79 pct.
20h1 sales cost ratio +0.23 pt, reboots of 6+ and strategy to promote new dreams, with higher costs. 20h1 management cost ratio +0.83 ptt, turnover tax and surcharge ratio +2.38 pcts, mainly affected by adjustment of the tax rhythm.
Channel reform has been successful, with medium- and long-term attention to the creation of dream 6+ monoliths. The short-term process of reprogramming has shown that companies have used a total of 677 million dollars (including transaction costs). Long-term dreams 6+monographs are still being built, and second-quarter dreams 6+ are being nationalized, and channels are moving up. We expect 20h2 white wine demand to accelerate.
Improved, with positive growth in corporate incomes expected to accelerate with 21 years of reform effects. Epidemic uncertainty affects demand: macroeconomic downside: increased competition in the sector: less progress on reform than expected Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows:
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment