The loss of consumption by the research assistant, Song Young-goo, caused a certain decline in the sea/day series.
The area experienced a 40% drop in the same year; the dream series 20q2 showed a certain level of recovery, with the sales of 3/Dream 6 being more or less equal in the Nanjing area than in the same period last year; and the post-spring 6+/Dream 9 has been growing long but is still in the nurturing phase. The company's Māori ratio for white wine business is projected to be the same as +2.23pt.
By the end of the year, the company's share in 20h1 provinces/outsides was raised by the dream series. By region, the company's share in 20h1 provinces/out-of-towns was reduced by 6,211.67.5 billion (same as 19.4-13.7%) and the Māori ratio in and out of provinces was increased by more than 2 pct over the same amount, with the company still controlling price premiums within the province and still adjusting the producer's relationship and channel benefits.
At the heart of this is the lubricant, cost-investment, etc.; at the core market, where growth is slowing in Shandong/Hannan, outside the province, companies are strengthening their inventory management and optimizing their cost-investments. Feedback is good. Currently, the company ' s revenue growth in parts of Shandong, for example, is relatively stable, but cost indicators have been reduced, with dreams of 6 plus the recruitment of high-quality distributors.
▪ Structural optimization plus management of net interest rates and cash flow pressure. The company achieved a net return of $5.4 billion (-3.24%) for 20h1 and a net return of $1.4 billion (-10.39%) for 20q2 and performance was slightly lower than expected, mainly due to the build-up of the shock during the firm’s deep adjustment period, mainly to absorb the epidemic during the first half of the year.
The Māori ratio resulting from structural optimization increased by 2.27 pct (73.22 per cent) on the other hand, as a result of an increase of about 890 million yuan in net fair value gains from corporate foreclosure of property, in addition to progressive corporate sales, waiting to be improved by 2020-04-29.
The Division ' s 20h1 operating net cash flow of -2.7 billion (end-of-19:9.5 billion) is mainly due to the full release of sales, the re-entry of light clothes, the decline in revenue and the significant increase in advances received by distributors at the end of 19th year.
▪ The competitive advantage remains and is still to be adjusted. After adjustment, the company will be able to see in the short term the benefits of changes in channel profits, 3 internal shares, 002304: Ministry governance, etc., are evident; in the medium and long term, the company will be in brand size, channel depth, etc.
Deepening, Incentives for Life, 2019-10-30 Dollar Prices with Carburetted Dreams 6+, looking forward to rapid release as consumption increases within the province in the future, and further radiation generation outside the province, waiting for company adjustments to be put in place.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board