Precision reforms continue to fall, and valuation repairs are on the way, with one major multi-business liner focusing on the optimization of the producer relationship. The core focus is on the optimization of the producer relationship in the course of the re-routing of the river.
There is also a lack of clarity in the division of labour, which leads to a disorderly competition for internal resources and confusion in the price system; after adjustment, the channel level is transformed into a “one-stop shop, multi-chamber” system. In Nanjing, for example, each of the jurisdictions previously had a first-tier agent, Liu Zhenxuan, who took up his post and sold it to others in Nanjing.
The model of “one-size-fits-all” will not be renewed and restored after the expiry of the agency’s rights, with the aim of addressing the low profitability and lack of motivation of a group of traders in the channel. The price system for the core products of the company is now stable and gradually tested.
In November 2019, the river launched m6+, located a 700-dollar price belt, and took the lead in comparing company prices to 300-year-olds.
The product was replaced in April in Jiangsu province, where the offer is ongoing. According to the Quest Survey, the M6+ consumption level in the province is high and the market is high. Current channel distributors expect the m6+ model to be decentralized to m3 and we believe that the m6+ model is decentralized to m3 (e.g. roll-out m3+)
It helps to recreate the blue brand structure from the top down, enhance the blue brand of the dream, replace the product, and release the sky’s blue price space below.
In 2019, according to research from the channel, there was a significant increase in the stocking of the river channels, and there was a return of funds and confidence in the channels and terminals.
We expect to maintain a reasonable level of stock on the next channel of the ocean. The river is focused on optimizing the company’s relationship in the current round of restructuring, returning to a dominant, distributor-driven approach.
Recovery, steady price increases for core products; m6+ replacement gains are gradually emerging, and the M6+ model is expected to be decentralized to m3 to further enhance dream blue brand performance, company channels stock continues to be devalued, consumers are bypassed, and subsequent stocks can be helped to stabilize. We believe that the company is still in place.
“Waaan Securities _ Corporate Research _ In-depth Report _ Ocean River Stock” (002.04): Overall change in product channels, dream blue channel marketing adjustments are not as fast as expected; sea blue, sky blue recovery is not as fast as expected; dreams are not as fast as they are expected
The data and information used in this report are based on open information from the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.