Performance meets expectations, with a strong head ahead of the seafood industry (603288.sh) 31 October 2020
• Three-quarter performances are in line with expectations, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, with the seafood industry publishing a three-quarters report for 2020, yielding $5.49 billion in 2020q3, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same period; 13.2 billion in profits, an increase of 21.5 per cent over the same period. We maintain the profit projections, with a net return forecast for 2020-2022.
There are long-term advantages, firms are increasingly competitive, and the share of the multi-producer development market can still be expanded, with the potential of flat-hull enterprises, and a “buy-in” rating maintained.
The seafood industry registered a 17.7 per cent increase in revenue in the third quarter, which, despite a normal decline in demand during the rest of the season, was higher than the target level for the year. By category, the three main product categories of 2020q3 together achieved a 17.1 per cent increase, of which soy sauce, tillage-driven product diversification strategies were successful.
This relatively rapid growth offsets the shortfall in growth in the Southern region (4.1%) and the Eastern region (12.6%). There is no major change overall, and channel stocks are largely in normal condition.
The decrease in the Māori rate of 2020q3 is 2.9 pct, and the decrease in the cost of sales is 3.1 pcc, mainly due to the transfer of freight costs from the sales cost subject to the operating cost. Both aggregates still contribute positively to profits as a whole.
• Multi-species expansion logic is proven, leading ups and ups and downs. Corporate Information Updates - a little over-performance, the impact of the epidemic on the most powerful, sea weather has recovered losses during the epidemic, and the main logic for future development is that
Longline growth is certain - 2020.8.28 - in product expansion, logic is gradually being proven: product end, composite spices represented by fire pots, has already been reported in Corporate Information Update - Positively adjusted, in danger
At the end of the channel, the company has increased its efforts to engage in business and to fine-tune the channel - 2020.4.26 - so that the old and new categories may operate separately. The company’s medium- and long-term objectives are clear, and the long-term growth of the leader is sustainable.
Corporate First Cover Report - Steady Progress, Strong