The Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research Centre, Inc., issued a tri-quarter report in 2020, which achieved business income of 17,086 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 15.26 per cent compared to the 15.26 per cent; and a net return of 4.571 billion yuan, an increase of 19.20 per cent compared to the 19.20 per cent.
High achievement of mission objectives and steady and steady growth in income: company q3 achieved revenue of $5,492 million, an increase of 17.73 per cent, and net profit return of mothers of $1,319 million, an increase of 21.54 per cent. The company has a high completion rate throughout the year and is expected to achieve its target successfully throughout the quarter.
Agry oils are growing faster at the heart of robust growth. Regionally, central/northern/western revenues are maintained 1. Sea-day industry reports - strong access to demand High growth, 24/16/26 per cent revenue growth in the previous three quarters, higher number of dealers, companies
The expansion of vulnerable markets is continuing. After the outbreak is controlled, catering has recovered, with companies gaining a higher rate of growth below the line 2. Short-term income pressure, long-term industrial competitiveness. Effective recovery, 18.8% below the q3 line and 14.7% below the line.
The improvement in the cost rate has resulted in an overall increase in profitability: company q3 has an overall Māori rate of 40.87%, a decline of 2.88 ptt. Under the new income guidelines, the company adjusted freight costs to operating costs, resulting in Māori 4.
In comparison, the company’s Māori ratio rose by 0.91 pct. In terms of cost rates, the company’s q3 sales cost was 9.76%, a decrease of 3.11 pct;
The difference is 31.11%, an increase of 0.23 pct over the same year, and the overall profitability is improving. The company q3 management cost is 1.48%, a decrease of 0.43 pct over the same year, a decline of 0.17 pct over the same year. The improvement in the cost rate is a net gain, the underlying taste quotient is difficult to replace, the company is good at risk, and this year the epidemic has led to most of the fungus.
The quarterly pacing of goods and food companies, the demand for the benefits has led to elasticity of performance and the loss of the epidemic, which has slowed the pace of growth. The company has maintained a robust pace of operations throughout the season, and has achieved smooth operations during the epidemic through strong channels of control, with excellent resistance to risk.
The Wang Xueue theory is that the b- or c-channel is more resilient, and the epidemic under the bargaining power of the up/downstream underscores the quality value of the division, thus raising the middle of the valuation level, with a stronger growth momentum as the restaurant resumes.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, recovery of end-consumptions less than expected, and regional changes in competitive dynamics. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: