Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco: tri-quarter review of the seafood industry: progress level, year-round assessment: three-quarter report of the seafood industry, 2020.
q3 cash returns of $6.035 billion, or +0.60 per cent, are lower than the increase in income, mostly pre-paid, compared to the consumption of the end-of-season stock on the occasion of the previous year’s national holiday, a slightly higher stock of channels responsible for the epidemic this year, and a lower pre-collected + contract liability.
Income analysis: The rate of increase has returned to the pattern of previous years, and the downflow has continued to accelerate. Total equity/flow (million shares)
q3 income splits, 1) sub-products: soy sauce, flavour sauce and aphid oil grew by 15.16 per cent respectively, reported: double increase over expectations and brand power channels by 28 per cent, 25 per cent and 25 per cent. 3) Number of distributors: q3 net increase of 306 distributors.
Review: Net profits are slightly higher than expected, and the “3 by 5” channel has sank faster since this year and has remained stable throughout the quarter. The growth in the number of distributors is consistent with the growth in sales income, with 101 in the north, 95 in the centre and 95 in the north.
Sea weather industry (603288) Sea weather industry: 79 industries and 25 in the southern and eastern regions respectively.
(a) Profit analysis: change in accounting standards, with a certain anomaly in the profit statement The first three quarters of 2020, with a net profit of $4,571 million to the mother, equal to +19.20 per cent (q1:+9.17 per cent);
Three-quarterly review of the seafood industry: progress on track, year round, short-term outlook: reversal on track, year-round target on target.
By the end of the third quarter, corporate earnings had been on track for the first three quarters. Looking ahead, we thought that the company was 15/18%.
The target is likely to be met. For the future: 3 by 5 continues to be a tastemaker, with a variety of products and channels deepening. 2019-2023 is the five-year period of the 3 by 5 plan, and companies will continue to be short in terms of types and channels.
Strength, stick to the appetizers and try to grow double-digitally. 1) Goods: further market leadership in the three core categories of soy sauce, alfon oil, and soy sauce, the share of high-end soy sauce products is expected to rise from 40% to 50% from the present level, to do a lot of blubber, to strengthen the new market for soybeans, and soybean.
Research and development and development of new products such as vinegar, alcohol, etc.; 2) Channels: Weave network of channels to enhance the development of three- or four-line urban gaps and weak markets and promote steady income growth. Income, profits, 2019-2023, according to the business growth targets of the “3-5” plan of the company
It will maintain a double-digit compound growth. Considering structural upgrading and progress in product volume space, corporate channels, we judge that the probability of a 3 by 5 plan is high and continues to be good for the long term.
The seafood industry, thanks to its distinctive brand, channel, class and size, continues to expand the moat, benefiting from the boost in concentration, consumption, scale, management dividends, etc., and will continue to sustain steady and robust growth in the future, with the “3 by 5” plans expected to be successfully realized.
Consider the steady and sustained growth in performance and the premium on the flagship valuation, take into account the rebound in peripheral markets, and the third quarterly review of the seafood industry: progress level, year-round.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.