On 30 October 2024, Zhejiang province experienced high demand for electricity and company power generation steadily increased. 24q1-q3, Zhejiang society as a whole used electricity.
At 511.5 billion kilowatt-hours, the demand for electricity increased by 10.55 per cent over the same period. In the first three quarters of the Department, 1,291.9 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity were generated, with an increase of 6.96 per cent and 7.03 per cent, respectively, in Internet-based electricity; 1,289.90 billion kilowatt-hours were generated by fire power, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the same period; and photovoltaic power was generated by light-voltaic power.
At 280 million kilowatt-hours, there was an increase of 59.3 per cent in the same year; wind power generation, 10,988,000 kilowatt-hours, there was an increase of 17.6 per cent in the same year.
In June 2023, ELECTRONIC III became fully operational and continued to contribute to the generation of electricity. Photovoltaic companies run pressure and the cost of fire power falls to increase profitability. Company 24q1-q3 runs revenue \triangleright
The slight drop in the same ratio was mainly due to the decline in the revenue from the Chinese share business over the same period, with the total revenue from the first three quarters of the Chinese share of $4,544 million, a decrease of 53.35 per cent in the same year. The net profit from the return to the mother was higher, mainly due to the cost of coal combustion, the cost of the fire, the maintenance of the nuclear power, and the continuous expansion of the distributed light voltage. The return on investment in the 2024h1 pairs was 22.50.
\triangleright '04: The trend of control, electrical recovery of the fire remains unchanged, at $1 billion, of which 1,163 million are electric and 830 million are nuclear.
The return on investment was $3.404 billion, while the return on investment continued to increase. Fire and electricity: construction work continued, with 2 million kilowatts expected to be completed in 2026 for the second phase of the plant; 2 million kilowatts expected to be completed in 2025 for the fourth phase of the expansion of the plant; and 4.43 million kilowatts for the relocation and rehabilitation of Unit 4 of the gas plant.
3. The tri-quarter reporting point of 2023 is under construction, and the generator relay was dressed on 10 September. Nuclear power: the company ' s share of the Chinese nuclear power plant and the Qin Qin nuclear power plant, the Qin Shan nuclear power complex, Qin nuclear power plant III, three nuclear power units, the China nuclear power plant Liaoning, the China nuclear nuclear power plant.
Nuclear power and nuclear power multi-purpose companies, such as Nuclear Power, China Nuclear Dragon, China Nuclear Energy and Nuclear Power, 2023 semi-annual reports (600023.sh), with new ratings: increased participation in nuclear power stability, control, fire release performance
The revenues from the investment continue to increase. Photovoltaics: The company is promoting the construction and renovation of clean energy projects such as photovoltaics and wind power in Zhejiang, Anhui, Ningxia and Xinjiang.
Investment proposal: a steady and high increase in corporate power generation from fire and electricity, while benefiting from improved fuel costs, continued performance repair of \triangleright voltage module, mid-cycle breakdown - 2023/08/02
Reverse; participate in the fire, and the nuclear process is expected to increase its performance continuously. Based on changes in the quantity and price of electricity, we predict the company’s profits, \triangleright competition reduces the price of electricity on the Internet; 4) supply restructuring suppresses the power of the machine.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.