The Shen Fei Group is doing well, keeping an eye on the company's long-term development.
The reason for this is that the company implemented a major asset restructuring in 2017, sold its original assets and liabilities, purchased 100% of Shen Fei Group equity and included Shen Fei Group in the consolidated statements. In line with the same control, the company restated the opening figures of the 2017 statement, in 2017.
▪ Reorganization has led to a significant increase in profitability, and the Shen Fei Group is doing well, and according to the performance advance announcement, the net profit of listed companies in 2017 was around $706 million, mainly in Shen Fei Group net profit, and according to the " Profits " signed by the listed company and the China Air Industries Group.
Billions, $648 million, $675 million. The company’s net return profit in 2017 was higher than the Shen Fei Group’s performance commitment.
On the whole, the company’s profitability has increased considerably since the reorganization, and the Shen Fei Group is operating well.
The Shen Fei Group, one of the country's most important military assets, is known as the “cradle of China's heavy strikers”, the first and largest modern chemical striker to be designed and built in China, and now Shen Fei's main model of production is the third generation heavy strike.
In addition, the Shen Fei Group is working on a fourth generation of medium-to-medium-to-medium-to-medium-to-size aircraft, which we believe will be able to benefit from the continued production and assembly of the above-mentioned type of aircraft.
The Invisible Sniper fc-31, which is expected to be exported and officially set up in the country in the future, is expected to be a new growth point for the public in a few years. We believe that companies, as manufacturers of the Sniper Consignor, are scarce, their core military assets are profitable, and look to China’s long-term development prospects.
▪ Profit predictions and investment proposals: 62 times, 55 times, 45 times. We look forward to the long-term development of Shen Fei, and we recommend a long-term focus, with an increased rating.
(a) The production and delivery of the strikers have not progressed as expected;