The year's performance was significantly higher than expected, with the first fleet of fighters coming in, the mid-flight Shen Flyer, and the mid-flight Shen Flying (600,760) pre-enlargement.
In 2017, non-recurring gains and losses amounted to $327 million, representing the completion of the company ' s major asset restructuring on 20 November, and the profit line \triangleright of the Shen Fei Group for January-November was a non-recurring gain and loss. According to the company ' s disclosure of the significant asset restructuring transaction report, it was realized in January-March 2015-2017.
Net non-recurrent gains and losses amounting to $59.0336 million, $22.2336 million and $4.8917 million, respectively, on the basis of which it can be judged that the main contribution to the non-regular gains and losses in 2017 was still the operating profits of the main business from 1-November.The first share of fighter jets, which performed significantly over-market expectations throughout the year, saw a 33.8 per cent increase in net returns from the same year, the company expects to achieve a net return throughout the year.
With a profit of 706 million yuan, a significant increase of 33.8 per cent over the same period last year of 527 million yuan, well beyond market expectations and significantly exceeding the performance of the asset restructuring, the company’s performance has maintained a high rate of growth of over 20 per cent for the second consecutive year, and has reached a peak in model delivery. The company’s business earnings from 2014-2016 have reached a peak in model delivery of 15 and 16 per cent.
According to Worldairforce 2016 data, the current stock of our fighter jets in the second \triangleright generation, represented by 8, is still 49%, while the second generation of the United States Air Force has been largely decommissioned, with a total of 1220 F22, F354 F15, F163 aircraft.
A total of 223 aircraft, or 84% and 16% respectively. The Shen Fei Group’s main military models include 11 series and 16, 16, 31, 16, and 31, which are now in bulk. The 16-generation fleet of three-and-a-half-generation fighter jets, which is more robust, is a high-performance ground-to-sea bomber. In my country, the four-generation jets, which are capable of crushing the three-generation mechanism, are now in service, and the 16-year-olds are expected to achieve significant and sustained differential advantages.
The stockholders of the East’s financial and intellectual boom demand for 70% of the financing for the construction of the new machine, and their confidence is evident. The Shen Fei Group is raising money as it reassembles its assets.
A project to build capacity in the development of new machines for production (capacity-building in the manufacture, assembly, testing, commissioning, testing, etc.), with a total investment of 2,395 million yuan, of which 1,668 million yuan is to be financed through the mobilization of matching funds, a share of 70 per cent for the aviation industry of company-owned shareholders, or about 1,168 million yuan, fully demonstrates the confidence of the shareholders in the future business development of the company.
• The future will benefit fully from the reform of the military pricing mechanism and performance elasticity. The company’s product is dominated by a total warplane, and its profits are limited to 5% \triangleright
In our view, the reformed total military-industrial product would streamline the price formation mechanism and cost-assessing system, promote greater cost management by enterprises, remove some of the financial constraints, and release profit space. Taking into account the 5-10% net interest rate level of foreign military-industrial enterprises, the company's net profit over the long term.
Ping is expected to release one-fold of the elasticity of performance without changing the size of the income. Defense spending has decreased; model orders have fallen short of expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
The Hong Kong University of Technology holds a Master ' s degree in securities, four years of experience in trades, and has served in the China-China trades, the Great Wall, and in 2017 joined the East-Hing Securities and Military Industry Group.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies