The cost of the 2018 defence budget is higher than expected by 8.1%, and the procurement of equipment is expected to accelerate over the next three years.
In the Report on the Implementation of the Central and Local Budgets for 2017 and the Draft Central and Local Budget for 2018, it is indicated that the national defence expenditure will increase by 8.1% to $11,69.51 billion in mid-2018, exceeding market expectations. The 2015-2017 defence budget will increase by 10.1%, and the incremental rate of arms and equipment purchases is expected to resume gradually.
The cost budget has not been completed in the previous two years, and it is expected that 70% of the completion will be completed in the next three years, with orders for compensatory restoration and defence budgets reaching the peak of 11 series, 15 series and 16 series. According to Worldairforce 2016, the current stock of second generation fighters, represented by X7 and X8, is still 49%, while the United States Air Force’s second-generation aircraft will be largely decommissioned, with a total of 1220 F15 and F163 aircraft.
As one of the core suppliers of our fighter aircraft, Shen Fei will continue to enjoy the benefits of future model deliveries in the event that there is still a significant need for refilling of the country’s main aviation equipment. The company will be looking at 16 and 31 per cent in the future. The main military models of Shen Fei’s group include 11 series and 11 series of 3/ 3-and-a-half-generation aircraft and 31 of 16, 4-generation aircraft.
The current batch of three-and-a-half-generation fighter jets with a strong 16-generation capability, a high-performance ground-to-sea bomber, we believe that a 16-generation boost would be the greatest demand of the three-generation aircraft, with a gradual and full replacement of the two-and-a-half-generation seven, and that a high-potential electronic warfare aircraft would also be expected to opt for a 16-year platform, and we believe that a 16-year-old is expected to achieve significant demand orders on a sustained basis with a differential advantage.
"Trends" states that "Multi-sized multi-role fighter jets are the mainstream and trend of ship-borne fighter aircraft," and that if 31 are to become four-generation aircraft, the future needs are very much to be expected from the source of Eastern financial and intellectual growth.
Consort stockholders subscribe to a 70% share of the financing of the new machine development project, with increased confidence and confidence on the part of the co-operator, SAC. In conjunction with the reassembly of Shen Fei Group \triangleright’s assets, they raise the funds to build new machines to develop productive capacity-building projects (manufacture, assembly, testing, testing)
The total investment recorded is 2,395 million yuan, of which 1,668 million dollars is financed through matching funds, or more than 2%. We believe that the initiatives of shareholders in corporate holdings and their co-actors have amply demonstrated the recognition of the value of companies’ investments as core military assets and confidence in their future steady development.
The future will benefit fully from reform of the military price-fixing mechanism and performance elasticity. The company's products are dominated by war planes, whose profits are limited to 5% \triangleright, accelerating key reforms such as the defence technology industry system, equipment procurement, military prices and taxes.” We believe that 2018 is already on track.
After the reform of the military-industrial system, which has led to a market-based reform and intensive civil-military integration, the products of the military-industrial complex will be transformed into a mechanism and cost-sharing system, which will promote greater cost management by enterprises, eliminate some financial constraints, and release profit space. Taking into account the 5-10% net interest rate level of foreign military-industrial enterprises, the company’s net profit level is also expected to release one-fold of the industry in the long run, with no change in income.
The source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth.
China Air Shen Fei (600,760): Core military assets, boom-bust cycle.
The Hong Kong University of Technology holds a Master ' s degree in securities, four years of experience in trades, and has served in the China-China trades, the Great Wall, and in 2017 joined the East-Hing Securities and Military Industry Group.
Zhang Cheuki's own research opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies