On 10 September 2019, China Connect and China Telecom issued an announcement and signed a letter of agreement on cooperation in building a 5g framework for co-building. The two sides will work together to build a 5g access network nationwide.
So, the two sides define areas, establish subdistricts, each of which is responsible for building a 5g network in the defined area. The 5g network will be shared using mocn technology: access, each building core network, and 5g frequency resources sharing. The two sides will jointly ensure that the 5g network will be built together in a shared area, with standards for network planning, construction, maintenance and services. The same level of service will be guaranteed, and the principle of non-settlement as a means of profit will not be used.
The total size of the four-g-stations, including the division of rooms, is the main reference for Beijing, Tianjin, Zhengzhou, Qingjia, and Ishijia north, with a ratio of 6.4 for Shanghai, Chongqing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Suzhou, Changsha, Wuhan, and 10 cities south of Chengdu.
Provinces (Hebei, Henan, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Inner Mongolia, Shandong, Shanxi); China Telecommunications will independently build 10 municipalities in Guangdong Province, 5 municipalities in Zhejiang Province and 17 provinces in the south outside the aforementioned area. As of 2019h1, China ' s 4g base stations for mobile, connectivity and telecommunications totalled 2.71 million, 1.35 million and 1.52 million, respectively, and the combined base stations for connectivity and telecommunications totalled 2.87 million, representing 5.9 per cent more mobile than China.
It is expected that the construction of 5g will be further accelerated, the area and quality of the network will be increased, competitiveness will be enhanced, the value of the arpu will be increased, the master's degree will be in Yang Jian, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution sales, etc., and civil securities will be added in August 2015.
Master of Science, January 2019, joined the civil securities, author of which has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions, and aim for objectivity and objectivity.