The global vertical integration component leads, and the profit-making industry leads by Jing & A (002459.sz) covers for the first time a report by the vertical integration component leader, a company with a “one-wing” structure with a luminous industrial chain.
Founded in 2005, listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange in the United States in February 2007, privatized off the United States stock market in July 2018, landed on a stock market in November 2019 by borrowing shells. The company started its business with a photovoltaic battery business and moved its operations upstream to silicon, battery and downstream groups in 2010.
The company's 2017-2021 components continuously boosted the demand for and industry's share of the market. Need to find a way: carbon neutral and background + economic enhancement drives the uploading of new photovoltaics, directly driving the light voltage.
The demand for components has risen, with global demand expected to reach 300/330/360gw in 2022/23/24. There has been a surge in demand for overseas aircraft, with Chinese components facing export opportunities, and Europe, India, and Brazil are the three markets before the export of our components.
The world’s top 20 energy producers, except for China, are domestic producers, and domestic component firms lead the industry. Integration is conducive to a rapid response to new technologies, one of the core competitiveness of component firms and the future direction of the industry.
The company has cost-plus technology plus brand-plus channel advantages and contributes to improved competitiveness. 1) Cost: The public-sector component is a profit-making leader, mainly as a result of balanced and stable production of the chain and good cost-control controls; 2) Technology: Battery end: the company is a senior in battery business, and the battery conversion efficiency lead.
At the end of the component: in May 2022, the company launched the n module, Deepblue 4.0x, with a single-watt power generation of about 3.9 per cent higher than the p-type, compared to the mainstream perc component in the market, bos.
Sex is the main manifestation of brand value, and companies are at the highest level of financing; 4) Channels: Large-sized +n + high-power melody, integrated enterprise.
A total of 12 production bases, 13 sales companies, with product footprints in 135 countries and regions.
" The Insight Photovoltaics Industrial Chain Series II - Photovoltaic Probes " , taking into account the company's leading vertically integrated layout aids + technology + brand + channel advantages, : the amount of photovoltaic new loaders + the high demand for bipolar permeability aids
The Insight Photovoltaic Apparel Industrial Chain Series - Inverters: 20 days ' stock price of $61.09, corresponding to pe 34/21/17x, covered for the first time with a `recommended' rating. New + replacement demand high in the photovoltaic area, energy storage area
Price volatility of upstream raw materials; less-than-expected policies; less-than-expected research and development of new technologies.
1.1. For 17 years in the field of deep-farming PV, the Global Integration Component Lump Enterprise has been a Global Integrated Component Lump Business since 2005. Crystal Solar Science and Technology Inc. was established in 2005 in Nasdak, United States, in February 2007.
The stock exchange was listed, privatized from the United States stock market in July 2018, and borrowed the Shell Sky Association in November 2019 to land on a stock market. The company started with a photovoltaic battery business and expanded its operations to upstream silicon and downstream components, power stations in 2010 and has now established a “one wing” shelf.
(i) “One” refers specifically to the operation of the photovoltaic industry, including silicon bars, silicon tablets, photovoltaic cells, PV components. Based on the volume of shipments, based on pvinfolink, the company's 2017-2021 components.
By the end of 2021, the company had a component capacity of nearly 40gw, and the upstream silicon and battery capacity was around the size of the group.
80% of the production capacity. According to the company's future capacity plan, by the end of 2022, the component capacity was planned to exceed 50gw, and silicon and battery capacity would continue to be about 80% of the component capacity. 2) "Two Wings" refers specifically to the Ministry of Smart Energy and the Department of Light and New Materials.
Ministry of Industry and Industry focuses on centralized ground power stations, commercial distributed power stations, home-based photovoltaic storage power stations, three major operations, where companies will increase their input into downstream photovoltaic applications and expand the development of photovoltaic power stations. h1, the company's existing stock of 350mw, is expected to have about 700mw in construction by the end of the year.
The station projects are connected to the grid and will hold power stations of more than 1gw.
Hothouse systems, photovoltaic conductive materials, photovoltaic envelopes, etc. 1.2. Centralized equity structure, rich management experience
As of 2022, h1, the shareholders in the company were the limited public division of Jing Jin County, and the share held was 47.77%. The company actually controls Mr. Jian Bofan, the chairman and general manager of the company, and Mr. Sbo Fong and his wife, Ms. Fan Chaiping, and Ms. Jing Jinzhou, respectively, own Jing Jin County Jing Taifu.
70%, 5%, and 25% of the shares of the Technology Ltd. The firm's realist, Mr. Pavão, was the party secretary and director of the Ningjin County Power Authority in Hebei Province, and was awarded the title of 10th and 10th National Labour Models, which were the 10th and 10th National Labour Awards.
I. Twelfth National People ' s Congress. The company ' s management has been active in the photovoltaic sector for several years, and the industry has grown rapidly after 1.3. Cost control has improved.
The increase in the volume of shipments was 24.07gw, compared to 60.26 per cent in the year, and was ranked as the world ' s first year, H1. The company achieved 28,469 million yuan, compared to 75.81 per cent in the year. The main reason was that the volume of deliveries of batteries increased significantly to 15.67gw, compared to 54.84 per cent in the year.
Corporate profitability is squeezed by the rise in raw materials and costs are better controlled. 2018-2021 is due to changes in accounting systems that adjust transport costs from sales costs to operating costs. 2021 Cost amortization resulting from economies of scale.
In 2022 h1, the company ' s Māori rate was 13.21%, compared to +0.19 pt, mainly as a result of the rise in overseas energy source prices and the increase in the average cost of overseas market components. During the same period, the company ' s current costs were better regulated, with a cost rate of 5.46% for the same period, compared to 2.94 pt, the increase in Māori rates and the fall in cost rates during the same period.
The price of silicon is rising: 2) with the energy of the company ' s components released, there is a shortfall in battery capacity, and the cost of out-sourcing batteries is higher; 3) the increase in shipping freight costs has led to a lower-than-percent ratio of the company, with a profit-capability level of pressure. During the same period, the company ' s costs were better regulated at 4.17% for the same period, compared to 3.86pt.
In order to benefit from exchange rate fluctuations, exchange rate gains have been increased, and from the year-to-year collection (sub-business) of Crystal Australasia, the company’s products are sold mostly outside the market, and domestic operations are profitable to catch up with overseas operations.
The main reason for this is increased competition in the industry, the weakening of price advantages in overseas markets, the need to add up overseas operations, the exchange rate risk at the time of delivery, and the selective use of overseas orders by companies. In 2022, overseas receipts averaged about 65 per cent of total receipts, of which overseas receipts were in 2021.
In the domestic market, in 2021, the Māori rate in the overseas market was lower than in the domestic market, mainly due to 1) the length of the overseas order delivery cycle and the fact that some of the overseas order enforcement prices were lower than domestic sales prices; 2) an increase in freight costs, which had resulted in some of the profits being squeezed by trade terms; and 3) exchange rate fluctuations.
Figure 10: Chrysotile annual revenue composition (sub-regional) Figure 11: Comparison of Māori sales within and outside JTW Corporate asset and liability ratios are at the same average level and perform well in terms of ability to operate.
The increase in the volume of sales has resulted in an increase in production reserves.
Figure 15. Rate of turnover of accounts receivable with industry companies (subs.)
The company ' s cash flow remained robust. From 2018 to 2021, the net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations performed well. In 2022 h1, the company achieved net operating cash flow of 498 million yuan, or 15.65 per cent of the year.
Industry: The continuous increase in the number of photovoltaic machines drives the demand for the components to be good, the advantage of the integrated layout to be significant 2.1. Demand end: the policy + economic uplift drives the growth of the number of photovoltaic machines, the country
Components to meet export opportunities 2.1.1. The carbon neutral and background + price-neutral era together drives the need for new light-voltage installed machines, global carbon neutralization accelerates, and clean energy is on the way to the future.
The Conference on Climate Change adopted the Paris Accord, which proposed that the parties should strengthen the global response to the threat of climate change by keeping the global average temperature increase relative to pre-industrial levels within 2 degrees Celsius and working to keep the temperature rising within 1.5 degrees Celsius. The signing of the Paris Pact accelerated global carbon neutralization.
China is the twenty-third party to the Paris Accord and an active implementer of the Paris Pact. China’s leaders announced at the United Nations Climate Summit that by 2030, China’s gross domestic product (GDP) per unit of carbon dioxide (CO2) would be the highest in the world.
Emissions will decline by more than 65% from 2005, and the share of non-fossil energy in primary energy consumption will reach more than 1.2 billion kilowatts. Development of new energy sources is on the rise under global carbon neutral and large themes.
See, according to the Renewable Energy Cost Report 2021, published by the International Renewable Energy Organization (IRENA), the global photovoltaic flat-level electricity cost (lcoe) fell from 0.417 USD/kWh in 2010 to 0.048/kWh in 2021, a decrease of 88.49 per cent and a declining cost.
In comparison with other new energy sources, such as offshore wind/land wind, the cost of electricity fell by 60.11 per cent and 67.65 per cent in 2010-2021, with a significant difference in the reduction over photovoltaics. According to irena, the global photovoltaic lcoe will fall to 0.04 per cent in 2022.
In China, the cost of light-voltage per kilowatt hour fell from US$ 0.305 per kilowatt hour in 2010 to US$0.034 per kilowatt hour in 2021, a decrease of 88.85%, and the cost of light-voltaic electricity in China was below global levels, with a higher price.
Global photovoltaic capacity continues to rise, with an estimated additional load of 270-330gw in 2025. According to the Irena data, the cost of adding photovoltaic power to global carbon neutrality and acceleration continues to rise, economics are rising, and global photovoltaic loads have increased from 17.46gw in 2010
In 2021, 132.81gw, cagr amounted to 20.26%. Cpia predicted that in 2025, the global capacity of the additional photovolt will reach 270-330gw. In terms of global load distribution, the trend towards decentralization is more pronounced and has gradually evolved from European-led markets such as China, Brazil, India, and the United States.
Co-emerging, according to iea data, in 2021 at least 20 countries had more than 1 gw in new photovoltaics, 15 countries had more than 10 gw in aggregate and 5 countries had more than 40 gw in aggregate.
Figure 21. Cumulative global light voltage, 2010-2021
According to the National Energy Agency, China’s new installed capacity rose from 0.61gw in 2010 to 54.88gw in 2021.
The capr reached 50.54%, and in 2021 China added about 41.32% of the world's new loads, one of the main drivers of the global photovoltaics. In the context of the continued improvement of the two-carbon policy system, the build-up of base projects and county-wide policies is expected to be loaded during the 14th Five-Year Plan.
In anticipation of this increase, cpia predicts that China will have 90-110gw light-voltage installed capacity in 2025. Figure 23. China ' s accumulated light-voltage installed capacity from 2010 to 2021. There has been a surge in demand for overseas installed aircraft, with Europe becoming the largest market for component exports.
There is a strong demand for installed units in overseas markets, and there are export opportunities for domestic components. Due to the large environmental impact of the global energy transition, the demand for installed units in overseas markets has surged, and our exports of photovoltaic components have continued to expand as the country’s leading exporter of these components.
The export volume of the 2022h1 component increased significantly compared to that of the 2022h1 component.
Compared to the limited price increases in domestic components in the first half of the year, overseas markets have higher price acceptance and demand is less affected by price fluctuations. For export regions, Europe, India, Brazil are currently the largest three exporters of our components.
1) European markets: As one of the most active markets in the global energy transformation wave for renewable energy, the fossil energy supply crisis caused by the Russian-Ukrainian conflict has accelerated the energy transformation in the European region since this year. The annual light-voltage accumulation of EU countries reached 320gw and 600gw in 2030.
Since 2026, new public and general buildings have been gradually forced to have their roofs glittered. Thanks to a combination of the geo-conflict energy crisis and strong government policy support, 2022q2 began to raise the demand for photovoltaic components in the European market. According to cpia data, 2022h1 of the country has been exported.
78.6gw components, of which exports to the European region are up to more than half. Some European countries do not have access to the sea, and the Netherlands, which is geographically superior and highly developed in the logistics industry, is the preferred country for the transit trade of imported components, with 2022h1 Chinese photovoltaic components imported only in the Netherlands.
This compares to 25.8%, or $5.68 billion. Europe has now become the region with the strongest demand for photovoltaics in the world, except in China and abroad, considering the high cost of home-grown manufacturing in Europe and the creation of a complete supply chain, hopefully the largest export market for Chinese component manufacturers:
2) The Indian market: as a result of India ' s introduction of the Basiccustomsduty (bcd) Tariff Act in April 2022, with a 40 per cent tariff on imported components, combined with the fall in silicon prices at the end of 2021, the Indian market began to import component stockings and photovoltaics from the end of 2021, group 20221
Imports of Chinese components amounted to approximately $2.55 billion, or 11.6 per cent; 3) Brazilian market: Brazil had a full year-end light, with an average of more than 3,000 hours per day per year, and a large population base, a good industrial base, and a high overall environmental height matching the construction of photovoltaic projects.
The hydropower crisis caused by the severe drought in Brazil significantly affected local energy production, and the demand for photovoltaics increased significantly, with new loads reaching 8.53gw in 2021, compared to 980%. Moreover, local policies allow owners of photovoltaic systems to resell surplus electricity back to the grid, resulting in the need for small photovoltaics in Brazil.
Thanks to the current policy of duty-free imports of photovoltaic products, Brazil is China’s third largest export market for components, with 2022h1 imports of Chinese components amounting to $2.44 billion, compared to 2.1.3. Global market demand for components: global market demand for photovoltaic components in 2022 or
Global photovoltaic addition capacity of 205/220/245/270gw, pessimisticly global photovolt 2) component compatibility ratio: at the technical level, according to Gurevat, components are not 100% output efficient due to various factors such as light conditions, installation angles, circuit wear and tear, most of the time only
At about 70% of the rated power, even if the weather is very good at 90% of the rated power, it is not appropriate for the component to have a 1:1. Scientific improvement of the compatibility ratio increases the benefits of the system, reduces lcoe, and maximizes the overall benefits. At the policy level, in October 2020, the National Energy Agency published Light.
The standard for the effectiveness of the voltage system has been fully liberalized, with the maximum tolerance limit raised to 1.8:1. The area of i/ii/iii recommended by the company Grevat is configured at 1.1:1.2:1.3:1 respectively, and we are at the supply end: industry concentration has been increased and integrated enterprises have been competitively superior.
2.2.1. Pattern of competition: the concentration of market shares and the global leadership of Chinese firms in the production of all domestic components have led to sustained industrial growth. As our country continues its policy support for the photovoltaic industry and advances in the level of related technology, as well as the ability of domestic firms to scale up their production capacity
Power enhancement has led to the gradual expansion of the competitive advantage of our PV component producers in the international market, with the top 20 major energy producers globally, all except HANhua, being domestic. From the point of view of capacity, according to solarzoom statistics and projections, the global cr5 component produced about 46.4gw, 68.4gw, 116.1gw,
223.9gw, which accounts for 36.5%, 40.9%, 48.7% and 292.0gw, which accounts for 56.9% of the total capacity of the PV component, will increase from year to year.
Figure 30. Growth of the global production capacity of the components of the cr5 component. Market concentration continues to rise, with cr5 output exceeding 76% in 2021. Global cpia, solarzoom, 2020.
The figure of 86.4gw represents 52.8 per cent of total global output, with Lungi green energy, crystal energy and coronal energy rankings 24.5gw, 18.8gw and 15.9gw, respectively, at the top of global photovoltaic component companies, and 172.2 per cent, 31.5 per cent and 63.9 per cent respectively, respectively, increasing by the same year.
The largest output of the ball was in 2020, when the Lungi Green Power completed the rapid expansion of its capacity, and then, with a large advantage, it became the top outlet. In 2021, Trixus and Technology also started to expand their capacity, exceeding the crystal energy. In 2021, the world’s top five manufacturers combined delivered 125.5gw, or 25.5gw.
With 76.6 per cent of the total output of the industry, the same ratio as +23.8 pct, the pioneers are growing rapidly, the concentration of the photovoltaic component sector shows a clear upward trend, and the head effect is becoming more pronounced.
The upstream price of the industrial chain is highly volatile in terms of supply and demand, and the cost pressure is passed on to the component chain. The silicon industry is characterized by a longer build-up cycle of about 18 months, with a faster expansion of the production capacity of silicon/cells/assemblies and a significantly higher year-round production capacity than that of silicon.
The price of silicon continued to rise as a result of the large expansion of silicon and battery tablets in 2021. According to the pvinfolink data, the average price of the links at the beginning of 2021 (the average price increase in silicon/month silicon/cells/assembly links is largely related to the increase in the average price of silicon, even if considered)
The cost composition of the links, where price increases are significantly smaller than those of silicon and are significantly decreasing (silicon > silicon > battery > components), and the cost pressure of the main industrial chain eventually falls on the component rings.
The feed-silicon-cell price transfer went well, component price transfer was somewhat blocked, cost pressures were maintained, and some component firms adjusted their short-term start rates by the end of June 2022. Vertical integration allows upstream production profits to be retained at the end of downstream components, supported by cost control.
In the last two years, a front-line company with component capacity and a certain R & D capability and financial strength has tended to build its own battery capacity, even to silicon and silicon, so as to form a vertically integrated production capacity that would gain an advantage in the distribution of profits in the industrial chain while at the same time depressing the price of the industrial chain.
Supply chain management ensures the supply of raw materials, long-way agreements effectively improve delivery capacity.
The price of silicon and some of the supporting materials has remained on the rise against a backdrop of rising demand, with pre-positioning and locking in the long list of silicons, the support material, the best option for component companies. Since 2020, the long-term cooperation model has been set in motion at the head of components such as Green Energy, Crystal Technology, Skylight, etc.
While providing for and effectively reducing costs, delivery capacity has been significantly enhanced, contributing to further client outreach, increasing the volume of orders and opening up opportunities for performance growth. 3. Companies: Cost + Technology + Brand + Channels have significant advantages and have been upgraded.
3.1. Cost end: vertically integrated business model multipliers, corporate profitability, high growth in output + balanced and stable + cost controls, corporate co-driven profitability of component operations.
Each year the epidemic affected the industry’s overall Māori rate: in 2021, as silicon prices surged, the profitability of the industry was squeezed. Focused shares showed that the company’s profitability was relatively ahead, with Māori for its components in 2021 at 14.15%, after Lungi Green Energy.
At a relatively high level within the industry, it is largely the result of (1) a high growth in corporate output, a steady first-tier supply, with a scale effect on smaller firms; (2) a firm ' s insistence on a straight, integrated layout with balanced and stable output across the chain; and (3) a well-regulated company ' s costs.
Figure 37. Average single-watt price of the components of the enterprise (in dollars) Figure 36. Māori performance of the components of the enterprise
Figure 39. Corporate components, single-watt net (in dollar terms) The company component is growing in volume and standing at the first echelon of global component output. From the volume of shipments, 25.45gw, cagr is up to 46.69%, in 2022h1, the company's output component is 15.67gw.
It appears that, based on the total volume of global component shipments provided by pvinfolink and the volume of company shipments, Link, 2018-2021, the number of company shipments remained at the top three in the world and the volume of shipments remained steady at the top of the first ladder. Since then, the single battery business has expanded to upstream silicon and downstream components, power stations, and continues to lean.
Direct integration layouts. The main advantages of the integration layout are the following: 1) secure supply of raw materials: (1) photo-voltaics, the high degree of compatibility between the links in the main manufacturing chain, and the fact that the integration layout provides a strong guarantee for the supply of upstream raw materials: 2) enablers: the whole chain operates in a manner conducive to the supply of output from the company's production chain.
Co-operation in the areas of quality control, logistics transport and power generation applications, maintenance of industry leadership, improved efficiency in the production of products, and industrial chain coordination can also reduce product costs adequately, increase bargaining power and combined competitiveness in the industry, while reducing the supply and demand side of the intermediate market
This is the impact of change on the profitability of companies, which increases their resilience to risks; 3) fast response to new technologies: whole-of-industry chain operations allow companies to deepen their understanding of the links in the photovoltaic industry chain, downstream, and respond quickly to technological change.
The company’s capacity has been expanding continuously, and the production of the links has been relatively balanced and stable. Since the listing of the shares in 2019a, the company’s capacity has continued to expand, with a significant increase in the production of the components from 11gw in 2019 to 40gw in 2021.
In contrast to other integrations, the company’s cost-control capacity is in the vanguard of the industry, the cost of sales and the cost of management. In terms of time-cost control, the company’s cost rate has been at a lower level in the industry for almost four years.
The main reason is that sales costs and management costs are better controlled than other enterprises in the industry. The company’s R & D rates are rising year by year and are at a low level within the industry; the company’s financial costs were relatively high in the first three years of the industry, and since 2021 they have returned to the industry average.
Figure 44. Cost rates for the duration of the component enterprises Figure 45. Cost rates for the sale of the component enterprises Figure 46. Cost rates for the enterprise management of the component components
Figure 47. Rates of R & D costs per component
The company is an old PV player, leading the battery conversion efficiency industry. The company started its business with a battery chip and accumulated a lot of technical experience in battery film. From the layout of a p battery, the efficiency of a company ' s PV conversion was always ahead of the industry ' s average production conversion efficiency, 2021.
During the year, the company battery was dominated by a percium series of 166mm/182mm single crystals, with a major mass conversion efficiency of 23.6 per cent. According to cpia, the perc battery industry achieved an average production efficiency of 23.1 per cent over the same period, and company P battery conversion efficiency led the industry.
According to the layout, in 2020, the battery conversion efficiency from the test line in the company ' s developed N batteries was nearly 24%; in 2021, the output from the test line in the developed bycium batteries was 24.6%, the optimal battery batch efficiency was over 24.8%, and the average of the non-topcon batteries changed over the same period.
A 24% conversion efficiency; in 2022 h1, a 25% conversion efficiency has been achieved for company double-show batteries. Figure 49. Crystal-Technology P Single Crystal Battery Production Efficiency as compared to the industry average production efficiency.
See, the company ' s autonomous multi-show battery is one of the TOPcon technical routes with the following technical bright spots: 1) millisecond low-oxynol n silicon: silicon oxygen content is controlled below 12 ppm; millisecond level life, life expectancy over 50 times; silicon size is m10 standard; 2) optimal surface passivation and passivation
Tactiles: In the light of the passivation structure of the battery ' s surface, the surface loads are reduced by the use of squares of both frontal and chemical passivation; in the light of the passivation structure of the back of the battery, the effects of passivation exposure are used, resulting in higher open circuit voltage, which rises to 720 mv, a 40 per cent increase over the p type; 3) ultra fine fence
Technologies such as metallicization and double-faced refraction membrane: the use of ultra-fine wires on the opposite side is helping to increase the photo-transformation efficiency of battery films by increasing their exposure to light; the use of double-faced refraction membranes is helping to increase the absorption of light and can increase the flow of PV. According to the company's semi-annual report, the conversion efficiency of double-show batteries is currently as high as 25%.
Topcon is currently about 24.5% of the production efficiency of the technology, and the technology conversion efficiency of the company ' s double-show battery is in line with the excellent performance of the company ' s n-type components, which effectively reduces bos and lcoe. From the component end, in May 2022, the company released the first n component, Deepblue 4.0x, with its technology highlights including: 1) mining
(ii) Use of zero-sleeve flexible interconnectivity technology (gfi) developed autonomously by the company, which uses circular welding bands and special buffer designs to achieve zero-sleeve interconnection of battery fragments and upgrade components with more than 0.2 per cent efficiency; in addition, the mechanical stress of the capacitated battery connection can be removed from high density
The inherent risk of fragmentation of components provides a strong guarantee for the generation of electricity during the life cycle. Deepblue 4.0x single-watt power generation is about 3.9% higher than the p type, with a maximum component efficiency of 22.4%, a maximum component power of 625w, and a product with an excellent single-watt power capacity that is reliable
There are significant advantages in terms of sex, temperature coefficients, double-sided gains, and weak light performance, which can generate more electricity for customers. From the perspective of lower electricity costs, the Dubai 100mw ground power station project, for example, according to the announcement, the Deepblue 4.0x component compares to the market-mainstreamed mega current perc
Components, bos and lcoe have fallen by 2.1% and 4.6%, respectively, and system end-end benefits have increased significantly. From the downstream application scene, Deepblue 4.0x is based on the 182-sized silicon tablets that are currently the most recognized in the market and the most mature in the industrial chain, and contains 54, 72 and 78 versions, of which 54 are for household use.
The marketing market, the 72-78 version applies to large businesses and ground power stations, and the product has been certified for products such as iec612115 and iec61730, through the tüvsüd certification test of the tripartite testing certification body, and has been adapted to various applications through third-party tests such as salt fog, ammonia, dust, etc.
3.3. Brand end: Financeability is the main expression of brand value. Corporate financeability is at the highest level. Financeability is the main expression of brand value.
Financiality refers to the ability of component brands to obtain bank financing and non-recourse loans when selected for overseas photovoltaic power station projects. Represented by the most credible third-party research institution, Bloomberg New Energy Finance (bnef), through the use of banks, technical consultants, engineering master contractors from around the world
Surveys of major global photovoltaic players such as independent power producers, together with a combination of factors such as product quality, long-term reliability, project deployment performance and the financial strength of manufacturers, ultimately provide an assessment of the financingability of global component brands.
According to bnef, TST 2021 is 100 per cent financing; based on the latest financing data, TST is a leader in key indicators such as delivery, output layout, technology layout, and financial performance, based on the Pvmoduletech ' s financingability rating for component manufacturers for the third quarter of 2022.
The highest aaa rating is given for the creation of advantages, a healthy financial position, etc. Component enterprises that have the advantage of financing are expected to reach a wider market on the basis of their established performance, further expand their market share, generate positive feedback on “brand-performance-brand” and eventually form medium- and long-term business.
Competition barriers, competition patterns for the gradual increase in market concentration of firms building a front-line component. q3pvtech components financeable pyramids in figure 53.2022.
In addition to long-term cooperation with large-scale strategic clients, companies have grown into mature light markets, companies and companies, such as home, Europe and America, and Japan and Korea.
Local distribution channels provide strong commercial and technical support to customers, creating long-term stability, working relationships, channels and customer stickyness, increasing from year to year. The distribution/distribution ratio of companies has further increased to 39%, and the distribution market and customer ratio have increased from year to year.
Growth highlights the firm’s strong brand power and reputation. Distribution has a more price-oriented and flexible advantage, with the distribution market taking the lead in accepting the price rise in 2021 against the backdrop of a sharp rise in raw material prices, and the company’s direct sales rate of -2.53 ptt in 2021, while the distribution rate is the same.
The main reason for raising 0.37 pct is that the distribution market’s toc properties are stronger, and the order premium is relatively easy, which is more conducive to the transmission of higher prices of raw materials. Both production and marketing ends are globalized, adding more and more to the capacity of overseas integrated production.
At the end of the spectrum, the company has 12 production bases worldwide, mainly in Viet Nam and Malaysia. As of 2022h1, the company’s base in Viet Nam had achieved a silicon/cell block/assembly production capability of 1.5gw/3.5gw/3.5gw; and the company’s manufacturing base in Malaysia had a battery production capacity of 1.5gw.
By the end of 2022, the company’s base in Viet Nam, silicon production capacity, is expected to rise to 4gw, and the company’s worldwide marketing company, with its product footprint in 135 countries and regions, is widely applied to ground-based photovoltaic power stations, as well as to business and residential-distributed photovoltaic systems.
The impact of uncontrollable factors such as state or regional market stages and trade frictions has allowed companies to keep their business steady.
1) Solar Component Operations: Volume: Most of the company component products are out of stock, few are self-utilized, planned and developed in conjunction with the company ' s target volume, which we assume is 38gw in 2022, and 57/68gw, respectively. Price: Corporate component prices in the context of the continued price increase in upstream silicon materials
We assume that the average annual price for 2022 will be the same as 2022 h1, and as the prices of the division components fall back to normal levels. In aggregate volume and price considerations, we expect the company solar group to be able to predict, in terms of the Māori rate, the higher prices of silicon upstream and shipping freight.
The build-up of the company ' s battery production capacity, the cost of extra-loading batteries, the 2022 h1 component industry, which was squeezed for profit, we believe will either be stable or down, and the integrated components will be profitable or will be repaired.
By the end of 2022, the scale of the power station project is expected to reach 1gw. Based on the company’s already disclosed plans for the power station construction project, we assume that by the end of 2022/2023/2024, the company was working on the power station project regulation 3) for other operations: the company’s other businesses collect mainly silicon sticks (single crystals), silicon, produced by the company itself.
The other businesses collected $14.98/15.73/1651 million each year. Given the company’s leading vertically integrated layout support + technology + brand + channel advantage, I suggest one: upstream raw material fluctuations.
Second, policies fall short of expectations. If the country’s wind and wind base, the county-wide promotion of distributed light voltage and other related policies are less advanced than expected, changes in domestic and foreign industrial policies, subsidies or support policies occur.
Significant changes, or they may lead to a mismatch between supply and demand in the photovoltaic industry chain, thus affecting the performance and profitability of the relevant photovoltaic component enterprises.
The type of technology falls short of expectations. Or it will cause the relevant battery manufacturer to misassemble the end of the supply, thus having a significant impact on the production of the component chain.