05 December 2022 Integrated Component Leader, “One Wing” concept for competitiveness.
\triangleright is mainly involved in the design, development, production and marketing of high-performance solar products. After 2010, the company expanded from a single battery chain to upstream silicon and downstream components, power stations, and now has vertically integrated production.
Business chains, including solar silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries and components, photovoltaic power stations, etc., are widely applied to terrestrial photovoltaic power stations, as well as to industrial and residentially distributed photovoltaic systems. After more than a decade of effort, the Division has established a more visible global market layout advantage in the global photovoltaic market, which was established in 2022.
The new business system, “One Wing” , has expanded the application of photovoltaic intelligence. In recent years, the Department’s performance has maintained a positive growth trend, with 49,324 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 89.00% in the same year; and a net return of 3.290 billion yuan, an increase of 150.66% in the same year.
Photovoltaic demand continues to improve, and components are competitively optimized. In 2022, global photovoltaic additions ranged from 250 to 260gw at a rate of about 50%; looking forward to the next year, with the continued release of silicon production, Deng Young-kang
Silicon production capacity in 2023 was no longer a bottleneck for industry development, and lower prices for silicon were expected to stimulate downstream industry s01052110006. Component concentration continued to rise, with more than 70 per cent in q1-q3cr5 in 2022 and high integration plants
The technology, the channels and the brands are working together, and the capacity for integrated production continues to expand.
\triangleright complete, multi-cell technology layout, and this year rolls out an N-efficient battery module, Deepblue 4.0x, with high-efficiency N-bycium+ battery technology developed autonomously by companies, while generating higher returns for customers
On the channel side, companies actively organize overseas operations, network worldwide, adopt direct marketing, distribution-subsidized marketing models, and actively cooperate with local distribution channels abroad. On the brand side, companies,
In terms of productivity, the company’s component capacity will reach 50gw by the end of this year.
It will expand to 75gw, with the battery’s advanced capacity expanding continuously, and silicons, as well as components, with new production configurations and growing integration. Moreover, this year’s company’s collaboration with Haeborg’s initiative to develop photo-storage operations is expected to give new life to the company.
1. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) event review: new n-groups were released with heavy weight, and client values increased significantly - 2022/1 - taking into account that the company is the leader of a photovoltaic integration component, accelerated vertical integration layout, one two-wing strategy depth
As we move forward, R & D goes hand in hand with the expansion, and while benefiting from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry, the city is expected to hold the third quarter of 2022 for 2. Crystal Technologies (002459.sz): \triangleright
3. Crystal Austrotech (002459.sz) 2022 semi-annual reports 22q1 quarterly reviews: accelerated vertical integration layout, One 5. Crystal Austrotechnics (002459); improvement of q2 marketing structure, asp
One integrated component leader, the “One Wing” concept, consolidates competition in the field of deep-farming. 1.1 Global components lead firms in the field of deep-farming. For decades, the “One Wing” supports the vertical integration of the industrial chain.
Founded in 2005, it is mainly involved in the design, development, production and sale of high-performance solar products. In 2007, Crystal Australia was listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange in the United States, retired from the United States stock privatization in 2018, and landed on the stock market in 2019 through asset restructuring.
One cell links are expanded to upstream silicon and downstream components, power stations, and vertically integrated industrial chains, including solar silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries and components, photovoltaic power stations, etc., are widely used in terrestrial photovoltaic stations, as well as industrial, residential and industrial photovoltaic systems.
The "One Wing" strategy is upgraded. "One" refers to the main industrial chain of silicon-cell-assemblies, "two wings" refers to the solution of downstream applications of photovoltaic power and the photovoltaic appliance and equipment industry, the creation of a global integrated component leader in the Department of Smart Energy, with a secure delivery of the first three components globally.
Production bases, with 13 sales companies abroad, have a footprint of 135 countries and territories. According to the year, the world’s top three. The share of corporate component products originating in countries and regions around the world is roughly similar to that of new photovoltaic units in countries and regions around the world, with more than 60% of component products exported to overseas markets, nearly 40% of which are exported to foreign markets.
After more than a decade of efforts to supply domestic markets with component products, companies have established a more visible global market layout advantage in global photovoltaic markets.
"One" refers to the main industrial chain of silicon-cell-assemblies. For silicon bars, silicon tablets, produced by companies, are mainly used for continued production and processing within the company, with a small amount of external sales. As the crystallization process continues to improve, production costs are decreasing, providing technological overlap for the next stage of efficient batteries and high-power components.
With regard to photovoltaic batteries, the company's battery was dominated by a percium series of high-efficiency 182mm single crystals, which is now 23.7% of the main output conversion efficiency, leading the industry. Battery masters will continue to produce their processing components internally and will sell them in small quantities. With regard to photovoltaic components, the company produces battery fragments.
In addition, the company can customize the photovoltaic components according to the customer’s needs.
"Two Wings" refers to the creation of the Ministry of Smart Energy and the Department of Photovoltaic New Materials. The Ministry of Smart Energy focuses on photovoltaic component products, integrates the development of related products such as the bipv components, storage systems, and focuses on the three main operations of centralized ground power stations, commercial distributed power stations, and home-based photovoltaic storage power stations, providing electricity to various consumers.
Energy design, construction, and operation solutions. Photovoltaic New Materials and main industry chain links match photo-voltaic material and equipment operations. The main products are currently photovolcone equipment, photovoltaic heat field systems, photovoltaic conductor materials, photo-voltage containment materials, etc., and now form an autonomous development pattern for research and development, design, manufacture, marketing, and service integration.
The two Departments, which are part of the PV downstream application landscape solution and the PV appliance and equipment industry, are moving towards intelligent production through the “Industrial Internet + Artificial Intelligence”, demonstrating the determination of crystallistic technology to move to storage and to extend the application of PV manufacturing.
1.3 There has been a steady improvement in performance, with significant cost-effectiveness in controlling performance, and strong performance in integrated operations. In recent years, corporate performance has remained positive, with a positive growth of $1 billion, or 150.66 per cent. In the first quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $20,855 million in the third quarter, compared with the previous quarter.
The main reason for the upgrade was the firm’s steady progress in building new capacity during the reporting period, its continued optimization of supply chain management, and its rapid pace of growth. Since 2019, the company’s Māori ratio has been on a downward trend, owing to the relatively high share of Translator technology overseas, the impact of the epidemic, and the sharp rise in international transport costs.
Corporate cost controls have been effective and efficiency processes have accelerated. At the cost end, corporate cost controls have been strong, and since 2018, rates have been falling, financial and sales rates have been increasing.
Since 2019, there has been an increase in the turnover of the company’s inventory and accounts receivable and further optimization of its operating capacity. In terms of net cash flows from operating activities, the company’s cash flow has been adequate, its operations stable, and the growth in the roe has been evident. This is in line with the firm’s accelerated downswing efficiency process in recent years, increased access, and increased capacity and output.
The company’s first shareholder, Tsing Taifu Technology Co. Ltd., holds 47.63% of the shares. The current chairman, Tsing Bao Fong, directly holds 70% of Tsi Ts Ltd. in Tsing Tsing Tsi, and is the actual controller of Tsing Au, ensuring the continued stability of corporate control. The second shareholder of the company, Hsing Shenzhen’s rich and prosperous investment firm, is Hsing Shenzhen City.
In addition, JTT holds 100% of the four subsidiaries, namely, Qin Royal Island Connected Heavy Machines Ltd., Qin Royal Island Connected Heavy Industry Vehicles Ltd., JS Ltd. and Hebei Crystal Education Science and Technology Ltd.
The company’s management is well-known, with a number of people working in the field of photovoltaics for several years. Most of the company’s management is a master’s degree, with specialists in industry, law, R & D, information security, finance, etc.
The Director-General and Secretary-General of the Party of the Bureau of Human Rights, who was awarded the role of a labour model in Hebei Province, a prominent entrepreneur in Hebei Province, a national “Five One” medal, a national labour model, and other honorary titles such as the 10th, 11th and 12th National People's Congresses.
2.1 The need for light voltage continues to improve, and the additional load will maintain a high rate of increase. Upstream capacity will be released, and the demand for light voltage is expected to continue to rise. According to ia ' s 2022 projections, the global demand for light voltage will be in the range of 250-260gw, increasing at a rate of about 50%. Next year, with silicon production, it is expected to grow at a rate of around 50%.
In 2023, silicon production was no longer a bottleneck for industrial development, and the price decline that followed the release of silicon production was expected to boost downstream owners’ willingness to install. Overall, domestic tenders were currently being tendered, centralized power stations such as South America, the Middle East, etc. were waiting to rise, and Europe was targeting renewable energy because of factors such as the conflict in Russia and the energy crisis.
The demand from the source continues to warm up, and according to the CLA projections, the global light voltage will be between 330 and 360gw in 2023, on the basis of which we expect that the global installation will be over 350gw in 2023, compared with the increase in the domestic distribution, which will continue to be good, and the concentration will be positive. On the centralized side, although silicon prices are high.
Some centralized ground power stations have been installed, but with the gradual release of silicon production, industry chain prices in particular are expected to drop at high points, and we believe that the start-up of centralized ground power stations, especially large base projects, is expected to continue to improve. In distribution, because of its relatively low sensitivity to high-price components, the population’s time-to-time pricing mechanisms are improving.
The programme of action to build carbon peaks in urban and rural areas will promote the development of distributed photovoltaics: on the one hand, household photovoltaics, although installed payments are constrained in some parts of the country, are still generally high. According to the White Paper China Distributed Photovoltaic Industry Development 2022, China’s distributed photovoltaic market is growing at a faster rate than ever before, in the “double carbon” category.
In the context of the banner, China’s distributed photovoltaic market is growing rapidly, with an expected 52gw in the domestic distribution in 2022, with 50-65gw installed annually over the next three years. 2.2 Concentration continues to rise and integration becomes a trend for the future.
The technological barriers to the components are low and have a low asset content, which has increased in recent years. Cr5 reached a critical mass in 2021, especially in the face of excess supply and demand in the industry.
From the first three quarters of 2022, Lungi took the lead on more than 30gw, followed by Sky, Crystal, and Crystal, with more than 27gw in the previous three quarters. Overall, the concentration of the component links continued to increase, with q1-q3cr 5 exceeding 70% in 2022.
Cost is an important element of competition, with significant upward integration effects. Because of the high degree of homogenization between photovoltaic products, costs begin to become the main factor of competition, Lungi accumulates technology at the ends of silicon silicon, and firms like Crystal, Crystal, etc. gain cost advantages through upward integration.
3 Technologies, channels, brands, and continuous expansion of integrated production capacity. 3.1 The advantages of integrated industrial chain integration are considerable, with strong supply chain control shaped to reduce intermediate volatility and coordinated operations to achieve efficiency gains. After more than 10 years of work, companies have been built.
Building vertically integrated industrial chains, including solar silicon bars, silicon tablets, batteries and components, photovoltaic power plants, etc., and building talent teams and technical advantages at each of these chains, creating technology and cost advantages for vertical integration across the whole industry chain. On the one hand, photovoltaic manufacturing chains are highly compatible and powerful.
It ensures the supply of upstream raw materials, reduces the impact of the changing supply-demand relationship in the intermediate market on the profitability of companies, increases their resilience to risks and is more conducive to opportunities and crisis management and to sound and sustainable development; on the other hand, companies can strictly control all links in the industrial chain, implement comprehensive product controls, and implement adequate product controls.
At the same time, the whole-of-the-industry chain operation allows companies to deepen their understanding of key components of the photovoltaic industry and to coordinate production links from the point of view of output supply, quality control, logistics transport and power generation applications, allowing companies to maintain a leading industry in terms of productivity utilization, improved product productivity and better chain coordination.
To reduce the cost of products and increase bargaining power and combined competitiveness in the industry. Figure 16: Pre-emptively prepared industrial chains in the photovoltaic industry and major products of the company, multiple long sheets have been signed to stabilize the supply chain.
The resulting mismatch between supply and demand has led many downstream producers to face the “no women can cook” dilemma, while Jingwo signed a long list in 2021 with producers in the Asian silicon industry, new energy sources, large-scale energy sources, and middle energy Jiangsu to secure the supply of silicon materials. In addition, the company signed a glass sheet with Amarton, Forlet, and Angkorco to further maintain it.
3.2 The network of channels is overseas, there is a clear advantage in the layout of globalized markets, overseas operations are actively deployed, and the network of corporate channels is global in scope. In addition to vigorously developing domestic photovoltaic markets, companies have since their inception set up a globalized development strategy that actively exploits overseas markets, including Europe, the United States, the United States, and the United States.
Major markets such as Japan, as well as emerging markets such as South-East Asia, Australia, South America, Central America, and the Middle East.
Aspen City. The proportion of global shipments of corporate component products from countries and regions is roughly similar to that of new photovoltaics from countries and regions around the globe, with more than 60% of component products exported to overseas markets, nearly 40% of component products supplied to domestic markets, and over a decade of efforts to establish a more visible globalization in global photovoltaic markets.
In the first half of 2022, corporate overseas revenues reached $191.38, or 67.22%, and corporate overseas distribution channels were wide and sales teams were largely localized. Companies now have 13 sales companies abroad, distribution services networks spread across 135 countries and territories around the world, and product quality has been achieved.
The wide recognition of large, strategic domestic and international customers, such as the State Power Construction Group Ltd., the State Power Investment Group Ltd., the China Power Group Ltd., the Baywagroup, the Renewpowerprivatemited, the iberdrolarenovables.a.u., and the global high-quality energy power company and photovoltaic power station systems
Firm and long-term partnerships have been established with core clients, such as integrated firms. Companies have adopted a sales model that is based on direct sales and distribution as a complement to sales, actively cooperated with local distribution channels abroad, provided strong business and technical support to clients, and developed long-term stable partnerships, with channels and customer stickyness growing year by year.
Synchronization with the company ' s integrated production base of about 4gw photovoltaic silicon, batteries and components in Viet Nam ' s layout, and the regional production and distribution of capacity in South-East Asia gradually concentrated in Viet Nam. 3.3 The R & D system is well developed and technological and innovation excellence is excellent.
The company has a complete technology R & D system, has an independent R & D centre and core R & D technology team, and continuously conducts photovoltaic innovations and new product development and process improvements for existing products at the silicon, battery and assembly levels. The company’s core technical staff have semiconductors, electronics, and electronics.
Expertise in chemistry, materials, etc., as well as years of experience in the photovoltaic industry, in the development of products that specialize in photovoltaic whole-of-industry chains such as silicon, batteries, assembly and power station systems. At the same time, companies have developed well-developed R & D systems to manage and stimulate their R & D activities and promote a positive culture of technological innovation and product upgrading within companies.
With sustained investment in R & D, company battery and assembly technology has always been at the forefront of industry, mainly in terms of conversion efficiency, power, quality and cost control. According to the company's annual report for 22 and a half years, the average conversion efficiency of the company's percium battery is currently 23.7%, and the research and development of the n-folder (bycium) power.
In addition, the company's hjt high-efficiency battery research and development project has been tested on the same date, when the company's research and development centre actively researched and stored ibc, sorbium ore and stacking battery technology, developed high-end user-specific and high-efficiency components and products for use in bipv, maintaining core competitiveness from
This year, the company launched a high-impact battery module, called Deepblue 4.0x, with high-efficiency n bycium+ battery technology developed by the company itself.
(topcon battery technology, with a volume efficiency of 24.8 per cent +), using high-density block encapsulation technology developed autonomously by Crystal Australia - zero-space flexible interconnectivity technology (gfi), a circular welding band combined with a special buffer design to eliminate the hidden risk of fragmentation in addition to the conventional high-density cell connection, ensuring that the components are stable and reliable.
Up to 625w, with maximum conversion efficiency of 22.4 per cent, single-watt power generation is about 3.9 per cent higher than for the mainstream p component, while bos costs can be reduced by about 2.1 per cent, lcoe costs reduced by 4.6 per cent, project revenue 3.4 substantially increases advanced capacity, and integration continues to deepen
Based on the third-party authority's pvinfolink statistics, the company's output of its components in 2017-2021 has been steady for five consecutive years at the top of the world's three.
27.1gw components are in fourth place. By the end of 2021, the company had a component capacity of nearly 40gw, with upstream silicon and battery capacity of about 80% of the component capacity. According to the company ' s future production plan, the capacity is being built and planned and will continue to be operational next year, with components expected to produce more than 50gw, silicon and battery capacity by the end of 2022.
The company's production in silicon, battery, assembly, etc. is at the forefront of the industry, the spread of automated and intelligent equipment, the promotion of a centralized management system have significantly reduced the number of people working at the grass-roots level, further reduced the manual cost of production, and increased the value for money of the product.
The company’s resource allocation has been further optimized to create synergies between operations, reduce the company’s production costs, and consolidate the company’s position in the market in the photovoltaic sector. The company’s integrated production capacity continues to expand and vertically deepens.
Since the capital market, significant efforts have been made to expand the production of advanced production capacity, such as silicon, batteries, batteries, batteries, batteries, components such as san and Yangzhou, and to provide adequate supply of products for the company, while also enabling large-scale, efficient, high-capacity, low-cost end-assembly products to produce and compare them.
On October 27, 2022, the company issued a public announcement on the integrated productive capacity of investment-building companies, which plans to expand the integrated productive capacity of the company. The investment project is a 5gw conversion project and a fertilizer 5gw component, with a total investment of 1,565 million yuan; on November 23, 2022, the company republished the project.
The expansion announcement, the 10gw high-efficiency battery project in Yangzhou and the 5gw group project for the 4-phase annual production of 10gw batteries and 5gw units, amounting to $7,440 million. The project, after delivery, is effective in improving the production capacity of high-efficiency products, meeting market demand for high-efficiency products and increasing market share and profitability.
3.5 The product performance industry is leading, creating strong branding advantages The product performance is leading, and has been certified at home and abroad. Corporate solar cell conversion efficiency and component output.
It is widely recognized as one of the poles of the photovoltaic industry. The company has been endorsed by third-party authorities in the photovoltaic industry, such as the tüvsüd, intertek, eupdresearch, solarif, the China Experimental Assessment Board and the China Institute of Metrology, with competitive advantages such as the quality of the hard products and the performance of the leading products.
At the same time, in 2020, 2021, the company was awarded the “best performer” honour by the United States authority testing agency, the Renewable Energy Testing Centre, and six times from 2014 to 2021, the global independent third-party photovolt test, pvel, was rated as the “best performer” component.
Dealers, credited by bnef as a top-of-the-art finance brand. This reflects the technical strength and quality of the company.