The advantages of the agency's operations are clear, the benefits are significant - the Chinese company (601995.sh) is well-reported The advantages of the institution's operations are clear, the shares are significant
The company was founded on 26 June 1995, with the main shareholders being the founding bank and Morgan Stanley, and then the management retreated from 2000 and became a financial investor, with shares transferred to kkr and other profitable investors in 2010; and China allocated 43.35% of its shares to the central transfer fund in 2015.
The company has completed the overall restructuring and is listed in Hong Kong; 100% of the securities in the November 2016 acquisition (now known as “Middle Gold Wealth”) have been introduced into Tents and Alibaba as battles, with strategic adjustments in 2020 to increase inputs, raise shares, expand capital, announce a return with no more than 459 million shares, issue prices per share, have a strong operational advantage, and are in the lead. The company’s stock operations, ficc operations, and financial institutions are well positioned, pre-investments, shares are being acquired.
\triangleright has a strong balance sheet-based capacity to provide a one-stop shop with full product life-cycle services for institutional clients through the main broker business platform.
The investment client base and branding have clear advantages, with numerous pole projects. In the broader context of the overall roll-out of the registration system, companies will further consolidate their leadership in the field of investment with excellent marketing and strong research-pricing capabilities.
In 2007, China-King established the Department of Wealth Management to serve high net domestic clients and corporate investors, and developed 300 small and fine investment advisers for 10 years. Unlike the traditional voucher dealers’ profit model of single sales and investment, China-King has fully innovated and provided differentiated wealth management solutions.
Commission fees have continued to rise; the investment team has expanded rapidly after the acquisition, reaching clients in rich areas through a web site, with a total of $64.7 billion in financial products allocated to clients by 2020h1. Investment management operates through the capital management sector, the China Capital Fund and the Chinese Capital, with a total asset management of aum 7401 million, of which nearly half of the securities management operations are permanently focused on active asset management and are less affected by the new regulations governing the management of the funds.
Profit forecasting and valuation: Against the backdrop of increased corporate input and capital replenishment, with the objective of increasing its share, we expect business income from 2020-2020e
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, stock price catalyst: silver license combinations, industry benefits, stock bond market acceleration \triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright I. Historical evolution: First joint venture capitalist (i) red blood + international gene, with domestic leadership
China’s first real venture, China’s foreign and Chinese joint venture, had a high starting point. Under special State Council approval, China’s company was founded on 25 June 1995. State-owned enterprises were generally highly indebted at the time, and capital markets were urgently needed to help improve their financial structures. China’s foreign and Chinese joint venture helped to introduce modern financial instruments to support economic development.
After 2000, Morgan Stanley gradually withdrew from the management of the Central Gold Department and became a purely financial investor. The business concept was advanced, the shareholders were strong, and focused on high-end investment.
Since its inception, China has brought together prominent Chinese financial figures, with deep human resources as the key to driving the process. The Bank has been guided by the restructuring of the industry, re-engineering of leading enterprises, focusing on high-end investment, and providing institutional reform and strategic restructuring to large and medium-sized state enterprises.
China Telecom, China Oil, China Connect, China China, China Security, etc. have evolved into China’s most influential investment bank at the time. (ii) Positioning is high, performance is under pressure, transition needs are highlighted, small and medium-sized projects blow-up is under pressure, and China’s performance is under pressure.
Corporate sales and private equity investments in three branches of business. With the decline in the demand for large state firms and banks, the market for securities distribution has shifted to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and China’s financial performance has been constrained by the understocking of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) projects. Starting with the creation of a small and medium-sized board in 2004, the creation of an entrepreneurial board in 2009, the demand for SMEs’ listings has been rising, with opportunities such as Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino, Sino-Sino-Sino-Sinay and the Government Credit Card taking over the market through small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) ipos in 2006-2015.
The net profit rankings dropped from 10th to 39th. Morgan Stanley withdrew, and the business development strategy was adjusted. In 2010, the company’s equity structure changed, shareholders were initiated to withdraw, China’s capital company, 43.35% of which would be owned by China’s capital company, gradually weakened its position as a banker, and the company began to seek a transformation.
Project resources and experience. Greater development of wealth management for high net-value groups. At the same time, active marketing of overseas markets is maintained to maintain their extraterritorial advantages. (iii) Changed to market, introduced to war pitches, steadily increasing power.
In November 2015, China-King, a joint venture in Hong Kong, plans to raise HK$ 5,169 million to make the net global proceeds of sales after oversales, amounting to HK$ 6,325 million. Foreign listings are conducive to raising the international profile of Chinese-owned companies and to expanding their overseas advantages.
In November 2016, China Gold acquired 100% of its equity in securities, combining its mature experience in research, wind control, products, platforms, etc. with its strong retail networks and customer resources, and compensating for the disadvantages, capital size and market location of its retail trade.
In July 2017, China-King acquired equity in the United States Gold-Sweeting Fund and opened up assets management and asset-management operations in the United States. In 2017, Tsing was introduced as a strategic investor, in February 2019, Alibaba was re-incorporated, expanding the wealth management industry and accelerating the transformation of wealth management with financial technology. In March 2019, Central Remittances transferred 398 million shares to Heilkin, with a second share of 9.5 per cent.
In October 2019, the company sold 176 million-h shares at a price of $14.4 per share, and sold net.
Approximately 2.5 billion Hong Kong city; on 29 February 2020, China-King announced that it would apply for a share to be released and placed on the market, that it would issue 459 million shares, that it would issue an internal share, that a model would be issued, that the share of assets would be given priority during the input period and that income growth would be given priority, based on research and information technology, with the pillars of investment banking, equity operations, fixed earnings, private equity, asset management, wealth management, and the consolidation and expansion of traditional business advantages, the full use of balance sheet capabilities, the establishment of a chain of resource allocation and the provision of one for clients
To further the digital transformation and internationalization of operations as core players in the future financial system. Figure 1: China’s history of China’s limited international finance.
China International. China International Finance. Ali Baba, Haile.
The Department was formally established as the initiator of the United States Securities Company Ltd., the Construction Bank of China for the People's Republic of China,
Morgan Stanley, Central Insurance, Helkin Holdings, Gic and Fame.
In the past few years, the Chinese government has set up an overseas son who has established China's International Department in Hong Kong, China.
Finance (Singapore) The first public in the third class is from Hong Kong.
I've got Singapore Finance and the Chinese Securities Corporation.
Figure 2: 2020.10 The equity structure of the gold company disclosed in the offer book II. Since its inception, the company has built a solid roe in its corporate business and has built a good brand image, based on research, based on the best management model of international first-class investment, in combination with indigenous best practices.
The company is based in Beijing and has five branches in Shanghai, Shenzhen, Shanghai Free Trade Area, Xiamen and Southwest China, with subsidiaries such as China’s wealth securities (formerly Chinese securities), China’s gold securities, China’s gold salubrey, China’s wealth management, China’s gold fund, China’s capital, etc. As the scope of its operations expands, the company actively opens overseas markets in Hong Kong, New York, London, and Singapore.
International financial centres, such as the slopes, have subsidiaries that are much more internationalized than national counterparts.
By the end of June 2020, the company had more than 6,900 institutional clients, of whom about 43 per cent were offshore clients, leading other middle-income dealers in the service of Ofii and Rofii clients, covering 43 per cent of the total.
The combined annual growth rate of total stock exchanges was 91 per cent, while customer coverage and market share increased steadily.The impact of the explosion was a significant 71.5 per cent increase in investment income and a 40.1 per cent and 62.3 per cent increase in corporate income and net profits, respectively, as a result of corporate focus agency operations, middle-income companies (i) have a strong balance sheet capacity.
With the expansion of leverage, China’s risk-control system, with net capital as its primary consideration, China’s middle-income company approached the early warning line in 2019, reaching 132.5% and 10.5%, respectively. However, in March 2020, in the broader context of deepening capital-market reforms, the CSRC announced the inclusion of six securities, including China’s gold company, in a merger control pilot.
For example, capital money will be released and leverage space will be further released. The lower calculation factor for total assets, both on the surface and outside, is more favourable for middle-income companies with higher leverage levels, with the company ' s top-notch capacity to create products, providing one-stop, full-product life-cycle services to agency clients through the main broker business platform, actively innovating derivatives, and maintaining a leading position in the market. From 2015 onwards, using equity sales and trading operations and fixed-benefit operations as the entry point, it will promote balance sheet-based services.
In the last three years, the share income of companies (including brokers, major brokers, financial derivatives, self-employment, etc.) has remained stable at over 60% of their fixed-income income of $2.939 billion, $2.738 billion, respectively. Given the company’s leadership in solid revenue collection, structured product creation, customers need to be driven, unlike most bond dealers’ own-led performance, to benefit from the company’s pre-eminence in cross-border earnings swaps in equity and off-the-shelf options, with a fair price on hedges.
In recent years, the size of corporate off-site equity derivatives has grown faster, reaching $203 billion, up from $100 billion at the end of 2019, and the proportion of derivatives in financial assets has increased steadily to 50%. Because equity derivatives require higher corporate control, platforms, and capital, the demand for customers increases as companies operate both within and outside the country, further reducing hedging costs and increasing the advantage of scale.
(ii) Bank operations: fully benefiting from the reform of the registration system, income was $4.4 billion, 34 per cent more than the industry increased by 30 per cent the same year, and revenues amounted to 19.3 per cent, exceeding the industry average of 6 pct. Sino-Kin companies have a high-quality customer base and good brand image, completed the first simultaneous a+h first public release project (2006, Business Bank), and the first a+h simultaneous targeted increase project (2009),
South Air, the first non-marketing group to attract consolidated subsidiaries to overall listing (2013, US Group), and Hong Kong’s first innovative pilot project on “differentiated shares” (2018, MiG) are among the industry poles. There are also strong synergies with corporate projects in capital management, product design and marketing of wealth management operations, and self-financing asset allocation, which are at the heart of the competitiveness of China’s companies. In the context of capital market reforms, China’s registration system will be fully advanced, and China’s gold companies will rely on excellence.
In recent years, companies have performed well in terms of share, port, and US shareholdings, and market shares have steadily increased. With brand names and resources, in September of September of this year, there were 41 service start-up clients, second only to the Sino-Sin securities.
As of June 2020, eight of the top ten Chinese companies outside the country were raised to act as insurers or co-coordinators. Bonds have increased their share of the market, and the advantages of offshore operations are evident. Companies are constantly exploring business innovations and upgrading their sales capacity, with 621.2 billion yuan in bond obligations in 2019.
The market share rose from 5% to 8% in 2014 and the bond-college ranking rose to three. In addition to the traditional underwriting advantage, companies were more innovative in the issuance of structured debt financing products, leading the industry.
“Small Rapid” Merger and Purchase Reorganization Audit Mechanism, the SEC Reorganization Scheme in October 2019, and the M & As Reorganization Market offered a wave of policy dividends. China-China seized the opportunity to reform its state-owned enterprises and led a debt restructuring project for a number of large state firms, such as the Business Exchange Group and the River River Water and Power, to consolidate the priority in the area of major M & As, while completing the internationalization layout, taking advantage of the cross-border advantages of China-Golden companies and seizing the business opportunities of multinational corporations to restructure.
The market was ranked first, with a 15.9 per cent market share, with companies operating large-scale projects with large project rates below 200-50 million and 500-100 billion scale rates, resulting in a slightly lower premium rate for equity financing operations by middle-income companies than for industry, with the company’s overall rate being raised to 3.22 per cent in 2020 by the company’s listing.
(iii) Investment management: proactive management and private equity investment Corporate asset management income, including management of securities, public funds and private equity fund operations, is operated mainly through the capital management sector, middle-income funds, middle-principal capital, or license plates. As of 2020h1, the combined assets management of China Gold Company aum alum a$74.1 billion, of which the bond dealers amounted to $358.7 billion.
The Fund is $35.7 billion and the Private Equity Fund is $34.58 billion (including joint-venture/cooperative funds). The three-year compound growth rate was 12.3 per cent in 2017-2019. It accounted for nearly half of the bond management operations and about 30 per cent of the annual income for 2020 and 2020. By category, although the single equity scheme is relatively high, it is more centralized than most securities dealers, unlike non-proprietary route operations, the company's single capital is mostly social security, corporate annuities, career annuities and pensions, and as a result of a long-term focus on active asset management, the result is a long-term focus on active asset management.
China’s capital capital, established in March 2017, has become one of the leading private fund-raising platforms with strong brand influence and excellent investment capacity. Benefiting from corporate shareholder backgrounds and overseas resources, building on synergies between investment and research teams, covering health care, large consumption, technology, the Internet, and high-end manufacturing, with rich product lines.
Focusing on national strategies for services, and areas of focus. 2020h1 private fund-raising income as a percentage of managed income was 67%. After the second half of 2019, the creation of the project board widened the channel of exit for innovative investments. Private fund-raising is expected to grow faster. Public fund-raising has clear advantages in standardization, net value management, a focus on retail markets, improved client coverage and breadth, and a stable size and share of the 2017-2019 fund-raising fund.
Upgrades. A well-developed network of businesses, a broad client base, will open up revenue growth points for the China-China fund when the company is in a portfolio. Figure 26: Composition of investment management aum. Figure 28: Growth in the size of the Chinese-led fund is faster
The Ministry of Finance and Finance was established in 2007 as one of the country's first to engage in wealth management business, focusing on high net domestic clients and corporate investors, using a large platform advantage to provide a full range of products and services. Corporate wealth management revenue increased from 14 per cent in 2014 to 120h12.7 per cent, while at the same time it was different from the company.
The share of non-commissioned fees increased to nearly 45 per cent in the first half of 2020, as a result of a profit model whereby traditional bond dealers sell and invest on a single basis, instead of being sufficiently innovative to provide differentiated wealth management solutions in combination with their strong ability to use balance sheets, and to meet the diverse investment needs of institutional and retail clients.The number of wealth management clients in China’s gold companies continued to grow and as of 2018, 47,000 customers (other than Chinese gold wealth) had assets of $7.1 billion, with more than 15 million in each household.
Prior to the merger, the Ten-Year Development of China Gold Wealth developed 300 teams of highly qualified, experienced, small and sophisticated investment advisers who can effectively customize professional investment proposals for high-net clients, implement investment programmes, and implement adjustment investment strategies. One of the key factors in developing and maintaining high-value clients is the establishment of a team of investment advisers, which is more important than attracting clients to open their accounts and earn commissions to deal with complex demands, and qualified investment advisers can make full use of corporate output.
Since companies are good at high-value customer service, a relatively small number of business outlets constrain the development of clients, China-King has invested considerable resources in training, marketing, research, and evaluation to integrate China-Hin wealth. The investment advisory team has expanded rapidly, and in the future will build a larger, standardized client base that will reach clients in rich areas through a wide network of intermediated securities.
As of 2020h1, with 534 investment managers and private wealth advisers with high net service clients (over 3 million) and 1,431 investment managers with service wealth clients (0.5 million inclusive - 3 million), the company not only provides product allocation services, but also trade services and capital services for customers both within and outside the country.
In recent years, companies have built and continuously optimized the global wealth management product service platform,gwms, to improve the efficiency of the service. In September 2017, China’s introduction of Toyoto as a strategic investor was expected to produce accurate client graphics and better asset matching using big data and artificial intelligence tools.
In March 2020, companies won the first bond fund to become eligible to invest, and they are expected to scale up their clients by integrating the advantages of products, asset allocation, wealth planning, and combining financial and technological instruments. The annual report and performance release made it clear that “to increase inputs, to do more, to do better,” to raise shares, to drive growth, and to raise capital by financing from Hong Kong and a share.
According to the semi-annual report published by China Gold, the company achieved business income of $14,293 million in the first half of 2020, +40.1 per cent, net profits of $3,052 million, +62.3 per cent, in line with the revenue structure of the company, which is based on the revenue structure of the brokerage, investment and investment fees, interest earnings, and investment returns.
The core assumptions of the revenue projections are: 2. Investing in business: as the start-up board, the start-up board registration system progresses well, a share is expected to maintain its equity under the capital market system with the untying of refinancing policies, the new three-board reforms, and the reform of the corporate bond register, a direct financing year.
3. Investment management: Under the new regulations, the size of the industry structure continues to be adjusted. As pooled funds move forward, it is expected that the size of the fiduciary assets will pick up slightly.
5. Self-investment operations: benefiting from investment dynamics and ease of liquidity, companies will maintain risk-controlable equity exposures, while companies have strong balance sheet applications and significant volatility in capital markets, resulting in disruptions and shocks to corporate brokerage, self-investment, etc.;
2. Less progress than expected in the audit of the Science and Technology Board and the Enterprise Registry, resulting in less than expected investment + investment performance; 3. less progress in the integration with China Investment; Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of non-bank financial research on a monthly basis.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for non-banking finance. Wang, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for non-bank finance.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.