Wong Hai Tse, a leading domestic pig-breeding company, has been focusing on the main business for over 20 years: the owner of the company \triangleright
In order to raise and sell pigs, the main products are commercial pigs, pigs, pigs, and the largest self-generating, industrialization and integrated pig-producing enterprises in China, which combine feed and labour, pig-growing, pig-growing, commodity pig-breeding and slaughtering.
Long-term focus on vertically integrated layout of the chain of pig production.
The \triangleright approach essentially eliminates the constraints of external instability from the pig price cycle and its own high-speed expansion at the expense of the initial heavy input.
The snowball rolls are relatively slow due to the weight and volume of production, but the super-pig cycle that has been developed after the market, especially in the pig-breeding industry for 16 years now, by environmental policies adding to the capacity of the African pigpest, has made it possible to clear the supply side of the industry and thus free it up.
The huge profits, policies, and financing gaps that are most important for self-sustaining models eventually lead companies to an outbreak of growth. A unique dual-breeding system would provide a long-term and sustained lead advantage: the company’s role in growth
For the first time, \triangleright revealed in its 19th annual report its unique dual breeding system, which began gradually in 2002, after long-term selection, in order to improve the population's growth bottlenecks.
After 2,365 million shares have been issued, the company ' s binary commodity generation combines meat and seed use with direct seeding as a pig, and because of the absence of the Dulock gene, the productivity of reproduction has not been affected.
Companies are able to maximize their profits by rapidly responding to changes in pig prices by expanding and shrinking their production capacity, in line with marketing rhythms. Risk factors: volatility in pig prices, control of the swine plague, fluctuations in the price of raw materials for feed, food
\triangleright First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd. First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
In 2000, Mr. Qin Young-lin and Mr. Quan and Mr. Quan Xian, who were the first to grow their own pigs.
Businesses, dedicated to pig farming, 20 co-financing, were set up and listed in late 2014. The company’s main business is to farm and sell pigs, mainly for commercial pigs, pigs and pigs, and is China’s largest self-generating, industrialization and integrated production.
Pig farming enterprises, which combine feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig farming, slaughtering, etc., have a long-term focus on vertically integrated layouts of the pig-producing industrial chain.
• Introduction of 470 great-grandparent pigs from Canada and the construction of the country's largest core pig farm
• Changed as Henan Province's Pastoral Foods Company in December 09, and changed its name as Pastoral Foods in February October, with Chart 2: The income structure of Shinwon's 2019 shares, Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd.
Chart 3: Structure of income from the annual sale of pig stocks (million yuan) Chart 4: Structure of the annual production of pig stocks (manies)
The business earns 19.6 billion yuan, or 97% of the business income. Of the pigs sold, commodity pigs make up 85%, pigs 15% and pigs less.
From a profit point of view, the company’s net profits and net interest rates in recent years fluctuated according to the country’s pig price cycle. Inner pig prices were more relevant than ever before the August 2018 outbreak in Africa, the country’s environmental policy towards pig farming in 2014 was gradually moving forward.
Implementation, with high prices resulting from the continued degeneration of the industry, reaching high prices in mid-2016 and hence high levels in mid-2016 The intensive farming of farmers led to overcapacity, the industry entered a loss period in 2017 until it hit bottom in 2018, and the subsequent surge in prices of 2019 pigs, driven by the gradual outbreak of the non-pest disease, resulted in a record increase in the company's net profit.
The gross profit structure of the company is similar to the income structure, and the company will make a real-time ruling based on the current pork industry, and will sell the fatter pig in a year when the price of the pig is relatively high, and this flexibility is also reflected in the Māori structure.
The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. has a concentration of shares, a concentration of shares in the real-owned equity structure, and the owner is a Qin Young-lin couple, with a combined share of 56.23%.
In 2020, the company reported that Mr. Qin Yinglin held 39.76% of the direct shares, and his wife, Ms. Qin Yong, 1.23%. The couple also held 15.24% of the shares indirectly through the Pastoral Industries Group Limited (85% of Qin Ying Lin and 15% of Qin), so that they together held 56.23% of the company ' s shares, real and real.
First Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd., with its own self-sustaining model of chemistry and pig farming, which is not optimal, only has a strong asset and the necessary supporting facilities throughout the pig farming process, especially its fertility chain.
In the case of enterprises listed on the market, herding shares are representative of the “self-sustaining” model.
On the surface, the division-farmer model differs from the self-fertilization model only if it is done by the company itself (to build a fertilizer farm) or outsourced by an order contract, but the model chooses the logic behind it, the background of the times, and the geography.
Similarly, we believe that the model is not optimal, but that it is best suited to a particular stage of industrial development. Unlike the “company-plus-farmer” model, which is commonly used by other large-scale pig-raising groups in the industry, the “self-breeding and self-support” business model of herding shares is more conducive to the regulation of breeding, raising, etc.
Figure 9: The three main models of pig farming in the country explain in detail:
• Large initial investments, large-scale investments, uneven levels of stockkeeping, and veterinary pharmaceutics — usually by agreement of purchase price or commission
• The company has full ownership of the farm, and it has two ways of working with farmers.
• Commonly adopted “harmonized supply, uniform supply, unified vaccination, unified acquisition/firmization to facilitate the introduction of modern farming facilities
Integrated management models such as "recycling", ready and productive, but with money, companies are more powerful for cooperative farmers.
The “company-farmer” model, chosen by most companies in the pre-model “company-farmer” industry, is expanding rapidly, but with a lower ceiling.
While the expansion is fast, but the ceiling is very fragmented, with inefficient production along the industrial chain, large groups rely on light assets to peddle small-scale rural economic resources, such as land, capital, labour, etc., to achieve rapid expansion, and the accumulation of seed capital is relatively rapid, the bottlenecks at the same time as farmers also determine the ceiling for the eventual expansion of the model: 1) due to the overflow of orders for the fertility chain
Packages, firms' response to pig price volatility is relatively slow; (2) bottlenecks in the number of good-quality farmers: as the size of large groups in the “corporate + farm” model continues to expand, good-quality farmers become scarce resources, limiting the speed at which firms expand further, adding up the hub of surrogate payments, and ultimately inevitably leading to full cost increases.
The model of self-sufficiency that was chosen in the early past by the pastoralist has been created by the early investment of heavy assets to eliminate the possibility of being affected by the farmers at a later stage.
At the cost of heavy inputs, the build-up of the ceiling, the so-called thick and thin, is essentially freeing up the external instability from the pig price cycle at the expense of the initial heavy inputs, and from the farmers at the time of their rapid expansion.
The speed of snowball rolls is relatively slow, but it's been on the market for 16 years now, especially in the pig-breeding industry.
Many of the external uncertainties, the super-pig cycles that have evolved from environmental policies to the degenerative capacity of African pigpest, have allowed the industry to clear its supply side, thus freeing up huge profits, policies and self-sufficiency models that are most important.
In 2010-2018, the number of companies expanded from 360,000 to 11.1 million, reaching a 30-fold increase under the heavy asset model in just eight years, with only a small drop to 10.25 million in 2019 as a result of the African pigpest.
From the point of view of growth, “From the point of view of handling the pig price cycle, the “self-sustaining” model of the herd internalizes the fertility of companies with the longest production cycle in pig farming, thereby significantly improving the efficiency of decision-making in the system as a whole, and ultimately achieving the first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd. for volatile cycles”
The expansion is not limited by the number of cooperative farmers, the rapid response (e.g. by adjusting the number of current pigs) to maximize profits. From a growth point of view, the expansion of companies under the “self-sustaining” model is not limited by the quantity and quality of cooperative farmers, but also by the company.
Long-term experience and feedback from data on key elements of breeding, such as fertility and breeding, and the ability of companies to develop and upgrade hardware facilities such as their own pighouses on a continuous basis, the future capacity of companies to build new production capacities will be relatively easy to replicate directly the unit productivity optimization elements that were completed before, thus promoting the company in the long term.
Invisible technology has a very high threshold for pig farming, which is a very high threshold industry whose goal is to provide maximum value with minimal resource consumption.
One of the main features of this large-scale chemical pig farming is that it follows the barrelry, and the output involves a wide range of specialized disciplines, such as biology, business, veterinary medicine, architecture.
There's going to be a lot of conservation issues, whether it's breeding, raising, veterinarians, pighouse design or so forth.
The river. A major feature of it is that it follows the barrel theory, whether it be breeding, nutrition, veterinarians, pighouse designs, or if it's environmentally friendly, it's wrong, it's a short sheet, and it's not going to make it possible for the company to accomplish the target. The other big one.
It's a short sheet, and it's characterized by a black box theory, because pigs are a creature that can't grow pigs like any other natural science, and that's why companies can't take a look at them.
It's an experiment to quickly see results, and it's a fine balance to be found in constant input and output over a long period of time. It's also unique for firms that can do this, because competition is not possible in the pig-breeding industry.
In traditional economics, economies of scale are usually defined as unit costs that are spread as production expands, and as a result, they are reduced in the traditional sense of size, which is more common in many manufacturing industries than in pig-breeding.
This is the case with the Economic Effects Act. For example, the cost of a single pig fertility = raw materials + depreciation + workers' remuneration + costs of a drug epidemic + other costs, with a fixed cost of only 10% of the total operating cost, and a pig growing from a pig.
It takes fixed growth space and time to get out of the column, limited capacity for a single pig farm over a period of time, and if Shanghai First Securities Co. Ltd. is to raise the speed at which a single pig grows, which requires breeding techniques and growth environments behind it.
In the short term, however, it is more difficult to raise, so even the fixed cost of raising the farm size does not have any amortization effect, as can be seen from the change in the unit depreciation amount for the past year. And the change cost of 90% is extremely limited as the scale expands the spread effect: 1) single raw material is used
The amount of meat associated with the pig's growth, the meat relative to the pig's variety and health, the need for long-term fertility and a good growth environment, and the cost of a pharmaceutical vaccine related to the pig's health, which requires that the growing environment and nutrition be matched by shocks when the pig's health is not plagued by a disease, in order to improve the pig's health in the industry.
In addition to this, mortality rates are the shadow of time on pig farmers, which is magnified by the non-pest, if mortality is not controlled.
All costs have been spent, and the single cost will increase significantly, and the surplus/loss will be the approximate event. In summary, the pig-breeding industry does not have a typical scale effect, it appears that the access threshold is low, and the company is working at all levels.
But large-scale invisible technical barriers are extremely high, requiring accumulation in the right direction (breeding) over a long period of time, providing a good growth environment (pighouse design, nutrition system, process regulation) that, if one of them is in trouble, will lead to a significant increase in mortality, which will result in a significant erosion of business profits.
Costs have continued to shrink at various levels, owing to the 19-year quota limit imposed by the large number of species left behind, resulting in higher amortization costs, but the cost of medicines and vaccines has been significantly reduced in non-pest environments, proving that the growth of the growth environment has resulted in higher growth rates, greater immune efficiency, and higher growth rates alone.
The decline in head feed consumption will also be the main factor in the cost reduction, which will increase significantly in the future with the rapid growth of the exits, the unique dual breeding system: long-term and sustainable leadership, the company first disclosed its unique dual breeding system in its 19-year annual report, which will be in the traditional three-dimensional system.
After a long-term election, the company Durock replaced the old man with a big white or a long white, with a good growth rate and a lean meat rate, but with a reproductive capacity, the binary commodity combines meat with meat.
It's less efficient to reproduce for specific periods, when the population is affected by special situations (epidemiology, etc.), and it's less efficient to reproduce, while it's less expensive to have a binary pig.
As a pig, it is impossible to take on the expanded task without the involvement of the Dolock gene. The company has been on the move since 2002 to improve the bottlenecks in the growth of the population.
After a long-term selection, the company's binary commodity replaces meat and seed, leaving it directly for use as a pig, and the reproductive efficiency of the system is not affected by the absence of the Dudlock gene.
It allows companies to respond quickly to changes in hog prices and maximize profits by expanding and shrinking their capacity, in line with the speed of sales. More importantly, when there is an opportunity for large-scale de-productivity on the supply side of the industry, companies are able to expand their capacity by a large proportion, with the greatest benefits of concentration uplifting dividends at the present time.
In the context of the industry, where there is a severe shortage of sows, companies have a unique advantage.
In addition to this, the company's dual breeding system is somewhat less dependent on soybeans and helps it build.
The soybeans are less dependent, they have a feed system dominated by corn + wheat, and the soybeans are more dependent on imports, soybeans are more expensive and help the company to create the soybeans.
After more than a decade of selection and feed-based adjustment of the feeder system, the company's binary commodity pigs are not so different in terms of growth rate and thin meat rate from their traditional triple-dollar "doo" ratio. The company's breeding system really does two things: break out the bottlenecks in population expansion and build up longer.
Four of the four factors that affect pig-breeding are the most economically significant of the four factors that affect pig-breeding under normal production conditions.
One factor (40%) is breeding, and breeding is the only factor that can accumulate and transmit over time.
For a single batch of pigs, and at the same time only for a group of pigs, breeding is the only factor that can transmit effects over time. With the intergenerational transfer of sex-reciprocal genetics, the performance of the population will increase, and the sex table will be the first Shanghai Securities Co. Ltd.
Good breeding techniques have enormous and, more importantly, good breeding techniques have huge cumulative economic effects, the same genetic advances, such as birth count.
The increase in the use of feed, the increase in the growth rate or the increase in the lean rate of meat may not be significant for a generation of post-business pigs, but the economic effect on a single commodity field is enormous over time, with sexual intergenerational improvements, such as 10 generations later.
The higher the breeding level, the greater the ability of an enterprise to breed, to compare the industrial skills of a manufacturing industry, to the core strength and competitive advantage of a farming enterprise, the greater the ability to produce blood itself.
The important measure is that the higher the level of breeding, the greater the ability of an enterprise to produce its own blood. Technological advances are often subversive and leapfrogging, so the technology leads manufacturing enterprises only for a moment, and because breeding is continuous and time-critical (living humans, biological growth properties), there are no shortcuts.
The first Shanghai Securities Company, Inc., will be a longer-term and sustainable leader in breeding levels. The current international practice of breeding (e.g. Denmark) continues to be routine selection, i.e. in-situ determination, intergenerational selection, major genetic advances.
The exhibition also comes from this, and the breeding process is fraught with uncertainty, with a limited number of sex improvements per unit of time, and it is difficult to turn back, once chosen, to demand a strong forward-looking and executive capacity from the firm. In the current African pigpits,
In our country, where breeding levels are very low, the capacity of the industry to expand is largely dependent on foreign extraction, large-scale conglomerates, the core population is seriously eroded, the industry is heavily eroded.
Started to test the binary system, which was not officially disclosed in the 19th Annual Report, and began to think about how to build a breeding system that is consistent with the domestic cost environment.
The ability to build blood will create a huge leap, demonstrating the firm's great vision and vision, and the competition's difficulty in catching up, especially in the current climate of the spread of the African swine plague, where the core population is seriously eroded and the industry is severely short of pigs.
The power of the company to build blood will create great economic value. The first Shanghai Securities Company Ltd., with his core corporate values, is the cornerstone of the company’s long-term prosperity.
Whether it's the fine management of the various stages of the fertility process, or the vision of the selection of the breeding system, or the firm's ability to implement and innovate, it's very strong.
It is the interaction and mutual evolution of the breeding-fertilization process, and the herds have shown that the formation of much ahead of the industry is dependent on the firm's level of industrial-scale farming, which requires the firm's very strong enforcement and innovation capabilities.
Strong managerial competencies, open-door management, open systems, and a positive corporate culture.
Lines have incentives and decentralization, and small innovations in the production process are easily detected, folded and implemented by companies, enabling similar small innovations to be quickly replicated throughout the company, and each subsidiary to be in place. In a context of fine management, any small innovation is expected to bring about an increase in the growth rate of pigs, or
The decline in feed use, or a direct reduction in the death rate of pigs, which in turn translates into a direct drop in all-round production, accompanied by a magnifying effect on the exit, ultimately has a huge economic effect on the enterprise.