The power cell harvest will begin, and the four main tracks will grow.
Nguyen Xiaoyan, research assistant, Wu Faifan, has a full-blown track, with surprises: the company started with lithium primary batteries in 01 and is currently a share country.
The top three of the world’s top three, successive layouts, and power cells, are highly recognized by mainstream clients. The chairman is a doctor of material physics who is good at the industry’s forward-looking layout and focuses on the depth of technology, so companies can always stand at the front end of the industry’s hotspots, with the development of etc and tws gold bean batteries.
Over five years in the early industry, with a firm eye on the electronic tobacco track, the early stages of the industry, when the second line began to harvest wheat  21-22 years, and the multi-latitude technology route has been recognized overseas: the company now has a share of nearly 8% of the domestic lithium market, stabilizes the passenger car taps and gradually turns the power on.
The ships and storage markets are expected to increase their share to over 15% in the future. Together with the styling power packages, they have successfully entered overseas for supply, with Dymler entering into a 10-year contract at the end of 19 years and a large volume in 20 years; modern Chia is expected to release in the second half of 20 years, with six-year orders expected to reach 13.48gwh.
Another three-dimensional square is being built, with BMW pre-positioned and fed into BMW 48v supply in Germany. Soft bags plus lithium are the first to be released in 20 years, and are expected to contribute more than 4 to 5 billion dollars, a 120% increase over the same period.
Recapitulation: Golden Bean Batteries are five years ahead of schedule, break the patent blockade, and the parameters are ahead of the international tap, and are now successfully cut into the Samsung supply chain, with the hope of supporting apples. Global combined tws are projected to grow at about 80% of the global combined speed in 19-22, with the overall capacity of batteries being in short supply. The company currently produces $50 million.
One, with 200 million more planned to meet high-end customers over a period of two years. Industry patent barriers are high, lithium primary batteries are predating: a new cycle of smart meters is starting, and the development of the network opens up long-term space: lithium primary batteries are scattered downstream, and there is a wide range of approximation complexes. The company’s share of lithium original in the country is first, in 19etc.
The replacement market accounts for more than 70% of companies in the tide. Twenty years of a new cycle of renewal of smart meters has started, and the need to fill in etc. There is a drop in demand. Lithium cells are expected to contribute about 2 billion yuan in 20 years, an increase of about 10% over the same period. Long-term growth is expected to stabilize by about 20%, and there is greater space for the continued growth of the network.
▪ E-smoking: Early Bodsemore, a firm and long-term view of the e-smoking track: 14 years of demand, delayed performance, soft-package, tobacco research and development, and industry is expected to adjust for long-term stable development.
The Division is firmly committed to the e-smoking track, and the return on investment is expected to continue to exceed expectations.
Two decades of deep-cultivated lithium power industry, with a high number of hot spots in the product line, 1.1. Corporate development history and equity structure Robust + multi-business performance and surprises. Lithium billion latitudes were created in 2001 on the basis of lithium primary batteries.
In 2009, the ipo was listed as the country’s first and fifth global share of the lithium cell market. In 2010, it began entering the consumer lithium ion battery market and soon became a domestic leader in the sub-markets of electronic smoke, wearable equipment, etc. In 2014, the power cell industry began with a strategic cooperation agreement with the Nanjing Kinlong, which was built in 2018 in cooperation with the sk.
According to the company’s annual report, the company’s future strategic goal is to consolidate the international leadership of lithium primary batteries and maintain the international leadership of consumer-grade lithium ion batteries in electronic aerosols, wearing equipment, etc.
The power cell and storage battery operations are rising rapidly. Figure 1: Billions of latitude lithium can develop history. Equity structures are very stable, with extensive and continuous equity incentives for employees.
In addition, the equity share ratio for all shareholders is less than 5%, so the equity structure is very stable. Since the company was listed, there have been two rounds of equity options and equity incentives for restricted shares, covering essentially all but those actually in control in 2012 and 2017, respectively.
In addition, from 2015 to date, the company has implemented six employee holding schemes, three in 2019, covering hundreds of employees each. 1.2. Business structure: lithium original, power, electronic smoke, tws surprises
Since the start of this year, as the power cell began to be sold on a large scale, the lithium ion battery business grew by 160% over 15 years, compared to the same year. Since the company entered the power cell industry in 15 years, the lithium ion battery business has grown significantly, bringing a new increase for the company.
The net profit to the mother is 363 million yuan, a 27.4 per cent decrease in the same year, and the net profit is 270 million yuan, a 44.9 per cent decrease in the same year. 1.3. Research and development is the key to survival, and cooperation is the spear of the earth, the real control of human material chemistry, the importance of research and development, and the strategic vision.
Practical controller, director, doctor of engineering (material physics and chemistry) degree, since the company was founded in lithium battery research and production-related work for more than 20 years, virtually all of the patents that had been developed by Liu Jin-sung when the company was on the market, with a wealth of research and development experience and hard professional qualities.
The company can always stand at the front end of a hot spot in the industry, where the development of the etc and tws gold bean batteries has been ahead of the industry for more than five years, and is firmly committed to seeing McWear as an early participant in the industry. The new president, who has long served as Managing Director of the Lithium Base Batteries, also has a professional background.
The research and development investment is growing year by year, and R & D is close to the top. The company’s research and development investment has been increasing rapidly in recent years.
Over the long run, the number of company R & D staff has also grown rapidly in recent years, with the share of total staff close to the top of the industry. Cooperation in market development has widened horizontally.
With the unremunerated domestic use of the Omnicel trademark, the country's electricity table was successfully introduced into the lithium-cell market, which quickly took the lead in the leading industry, and three years later, the brand-owned "eve" was born at a higher market height. The second was a three-dollar soft-packing line with Kiki in 2019, powered batteries entered the international first-rate supply chain of Daimler, modern cars, and high-end customers.
Formerly, the company's power cell partners were mainly car manufacturers, such as Nanjing Kinglong. These two collaborations enabled the Department's market share in the corresponding areas to almost break from zero to one. 2. Power batteries: multi-tech layout, already ordered by Daimler and BMW
2.1. The power strategy is robust, with many faces – history of development: late start and rapid development; first enter the bus market with the Nanking Golden Dragon, then enter the high-end passenger vehicle market with the Kiki Soft Pack. The company only started to deploy the power cell market in 2014 and sign with the Nanking Golden Dragon.
Long-term strategic cooperation agreement for the development of new energy vehicle power or power systems. Realization of the production of titanium and triple cylinders in 2015 and bulk sales in 2016, mainly by passenger car manufacturers such as Nanjing Kinglong, with a proposed path for the development of a power cell with phosphate, lithium and triple.
Long-term purchase agreements were signed for eight and six years, respectively, in the Daimler and modern Kia supply chains in 2018, with a joint venture with Kiki to build a three-dollar soft-pack battery production line. The market for a square lithium main passenger vehicle is now largely in place, and $3 is in parallel with a soft-packed, square-shaped car market for high-end passenger vehicles.
By July 20, when the three-dimensional square products developed autonomously received BMW fixes, all the technology routes were mainstreamed overseas. Figure 1.1: Billion-latitude lithium power cell development history.
The company continues to increase the capacity of phosphate lithium production, which began to climb gradually in 2020 with a new 6gwh production capacity and is now 6gwh. By car market, working with the ski to open up the layout of the three-dollar soft bag, with a capacity of 3gwh at the end of 19th, and is currently building capacity of 6gwh, which is expected to begin to climb in 2004.
In the meantime, the company has set up one or two three-dimensional pilot lines, which have been gradually expanded through BMW certification and are expected to start production early in the year.
The technology-plus market complements the high-end vehicle market with sk. The company has been a passenger vehicle since 2016, with battery size sales, and the main customer has been the phosphate lithium and trinity cylinders, which have since been transformed into consumer batteries. In 2019, the company worked with the ski to create a joint production line with the customer.
It's starting to break through the passenger car market. 2.2.1. Three-dollar software packages have the advantage of energy density, size flexibility, and non-exploitation. Three-dollar materials have high energy density, but are safe.
Lithium phosphate is weak and relatively expensive; the shell used in the soft bag is aluminium plastic film, with a low weight of aluminium plastic film and a high spatial utilization rate, so that the energy density is relatively high, but relatively thin, and therefore more protection is required in the battery bag chain by adding a metal protection belt, resulting in inefficient formations and higher costs.
So the triple package has the advantage of having a high energy density and a better safety, but the cost is also relatively high and the manufacturing process is demanding.
Back-to-back sk Group, with a deep build-up of electrochemistry and a global leader in soft-pack technology. Kiki is the largest refinery in Korea, a subsidiary of the Korean sk Group. In 2006, he entered the power cell market, with three-dollar soft-pack batteries, and the former material system was dominated by ncm622, with the main clients being modern Kia (2010 entry), Dymler (2016).
Mass (2018), Ferrari (2019). The ski was the first company in the world to produce ncm 622, ncm 811, with a certain advantage in the development of high nickel (more than 90%) batteries. At the same time, the ski was the top five manufacturers of wet membrane in the world, and other battery materials had layouts.
In order to catch up with them, the ski is now well-established in the United States, Hungary, China, and South Korea. China is the largest new energy car city.
The field will certainly be the main battleground for all road battery manufacturers. 2.2.3. Technology+clients will work together to open up a new future. Why do you work with the billion latitudes of lithium?ski marches into the Chinese market: before the north, after the hundreds of millions of latitudes, to root China.
As early as 2014, Kiki set up a joint venture with North Gas and Beijing Electric Control, but the catalogue of batteries in China stopped in 2017 and gradually returned to production in 2018 because of subsidy drops. At the same time, co-operation with Lithium at Lithium billion is another important arrangement in China. For Kiki, co-operation with Lithium at Lithium Tens is beneficial.
More importantly, because of their late start-up in the domestic car market, they share a common vision. In the long run, it is believed that for Lithium in the billions of latitudes, this cooperation will give more.
In May 2018, the subsidiaries were created. In July, they borrowed no more than 500 million yuan from the company Bde.
At the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, at the same time, two directors of Korean nationality are appointed at the same time as at the same time, and the general manager of Korean nationality and the deputy director of technology are employed.
Figure 16: Map of the partnership between the ski and Lithium Million Latitude Energy Joint Vision: Breaking the current market landscape and achieving “afterward” international customers, soft-pack technology, production-line management experience
The results of the cooperation between the two sides were clear, with the signing of a supply agreement with Daimler in August 18, with spare parts valid until the end of the 27th century. In March 2019, the company announced that 5.8gwh
Daimler: the eva2 platform is in place, starting in 20 years. Daimler launched eqc and eqa in 2020, based on a traditional car adaptation platform, while the company's new powered platform is eva2 and will be launched in 2021.
Based on this platform, two pure sedans and two suvs will be produced initially. The domestic eqc will be added to the Ningde era, with extra molten power and hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium, and will be released starting in 2020. Softly, billions of lithium can now be produced in Daimler, which is expected to deliver around 2.5 gwh in 20 years. Daimler's overall electrodynamicization is expected to accelerate in 22-23 and power in 2025.
Modern Kia: electric mini-car first, long-term electricization planning is huge. Modern and Kia are jointly developing a new pure electric vehicle platform, "ev-only," with two brand plans to launch 38 new energy models by 2025.
This includes 14 pure electric vehicles, which account for more than a third of the total. The main battery supply in modern Kia is lig, sk, and hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium have been given their big orders. Lithium is expected to work with it for the next six years to be 13.48gwh. 2.3. Three-dimensional squares: pure autonomous technology is recognized by BMW and power status is in place.
In July of 20 years, the company announced that it had been able to secure BMW's location, which was accompanied by BMW's products, a product that was developed for the company's own ownership, and the use of square stacking technology at the domestic front, amply demonstrated that, even if we were to leave the city, the technology would remain at the global level at the billions of latitudes.
Another German BMW 48v order, with a high start into the new track. In October 20, the company received a BMW reservation from Germany, a 48V product destination letter, and we expect the relevant capacity to be completed by the end of 21 and to begin climbing the slopes in early 22nd.
BMW plans to launch 25 new energy vehicles by 23 years, 25 years with a penetration rate of more than 25% and a high demand for power cells. BMW plans to launch 25 new energy vehicles by 2023, more than 50% of which are pure electric vehicles, two years ahead of schedule.
The BMW is expected to sell 16/28/73,000 electric vehicles in 20/21/25, corresponding to the battery demand of 51/1/38gwh. Of these, BMW China market is expected to sell 5/10/26 million electric vehicles in 20/21/25, corresponding to the battery demand of billions and 2 billion euros. We expect the BMW to be supplied by the Ningde era, with billions of lithium to be located, and the BMW in Europe.
The supply is expected to be based on Ningde, three stars, and the supply of nonthvolt, which began in 24, is expected to lead to a gradual breakthrough in the BMW overseas market supply system. Figure 19: BMW sales and power cell demand estimates
2.4. Lithium square: After the commercial car market, the concentration of the first five markets was higher in three years, and the market share of the company has risen rapidly since the company entered the market. The concentration of the domestic square lithium (power) market has been increasing. In 2017-2019, the combined share of the first five suppliers was 85 per cent, 88 per cent and 96 per cent, respectively.
At the same time, the ranking of hundreds of millions of latitudes has risen rapidly, with the sale of square lithium in 2016, with 2018 entering the top five suppliers, with the city continuing to rise to 9% in 2019. As a result of a firmer customer relationship in the bus market, relations with manufacturers of first-class buses, such as Nanjing Kinglong and Woo-tung, are stable, and the company’s share in the market for the next five years is stable.
The company is now focusing on three major markets – household storage, communications storage, and smart micronets – for 20 years. The country is expected to break out in 20 years.
New energy ships have a large-scale package of hundreds of millions of latitude lithium power sources, with more than 200 installed, and have been applied to cruise ships, drawings, passenger ferries, ferries, tourist boats, fish farming, bulk carriers, etc. The first market entry has accumulated a large number of years of cooperation with the Chinese and American shipping societies, respectively, to study the lithium battery propulsion systems of the next generation of ships.
The company now has five product models, lf75, lf80, lf90, lf105 and lf280, which have been certified in a series of Chinese ship-class socializations and have been certified as blast-proof in Rhinetuv, Germany. At the end of 2019, hundreds of millions of latitudes, lithium can move with Chinese ships.
In 20 years, we expect total domestic demand for lithium to be about 37gwhh, and 150gwhh in 2025 (power + storage market). In 2019, 71,000 new energy vehicles were sold, the share of phosphate lithium was over 80%, and the country as a whole.
The demand for phosphate is 4.3gwh; 79,000 new domestic energy buses are sold, the market share of phosphate is more than 95%, and the demand for phosphate is 14.6gwhh; the domestic demand for phosphate is 1.7gwhh, which is extremely low. We expect the total domestic demand for phosphate is approximately 37gwhh in 20 years, and more than 150gwhh in 2025.
3. Consumer battery business: tws wind vents, gold bean batteries coming into the international market 3.1. Development course: consumer vents, cylindrical transition success, tws
Electronic smoke batteries are the first breakthrough, and tws the new growth point. Companies use consumer batteries mainly in the fields of electronic smoke, sound, electronic smoke, and smart wear. Companies have been using lithium ion batteries since 2010, using electronic smoke as their entry point, reaching around 10% in 2011; in 2013, they benefited from the fast pace of the electronic smoke market.
In 2014, as a result of structural changes in the e-smoking market, the sales of lithium ion batteries fell by 54 per cent in the same year. 19q4tws headphones began to be rolled out with a strong demand, and the company is now building production capacity for three star orders.
By the end of 2018, the company successfully converted the trio-cylinder line, originally used in the power storage energy market, into a consumer battery, cut into electric tools, two wheels of electric bicycles, and the market succeeded in achieving a very stable supply and demand relationship with the famous North American tti brand of electric tools.
Twenty years of demand for power tools are better than expected, and cylindrical expansion is accelerating. The company’s global market in power tools was about 7-8% in 19 years, mainly supplying tti, hundreds, and other domestic customers. Twenty years of epidemic caused overseas cylindrical capacity to shrink and lig chemical cylindrical batteries were concentrated in Tesla, leaving the market for electric tools.
The demand for orders from major cylindrical suppliers, such as zirconium, billion latitudes, is better than expected, with a projected increase in the global market share to 10% at two billion latitudes in 20 years to increase annual capacity to 7gwh.
3.2.tws: High patent barriers, sustainable orders for the next 2-3 years 3.2.1.tws market patterns and space: brands are fully advanced, international customers take up high-end markets to detonate the tws market. In 2019, tws headphone heat, headed by Appleairpods, suddenly surged.
With 51 million shipments and a market size of $6.6 billion, the market continues to outpace expectations. Courtpoint expects to produce 230 million tws headphones by 2020, 91.6% more than by 2019, combined growth tws market patterns in 2019-2022: Apples are one big family, and three-star small-scale rice shows up. According to strategyanalytics,
According to the report, in 2019, Appleairpods delivered nearly 60 million shipments, accounting for more than half of the Tws market and 71% of the harvest, and Mi and Samsung ranked second and third in less than 10%, respectively. But just as iphone pushed the door to smartphones, Andre mobile phone manufacturers rose up, and after the airpods detonated the market, other mobile phones.
Producers, as well as professional sound equipment manufacturers such as Sony, have entered the market. Although apples still hold an absolute market share in the tws market, according to counterpoint, the volume of apples in 20104 has fallen from 76% at the beginning of the year to 41%, the sales share has fallen to 62%, and the volume of apples in 202001 has remained the same as in the previous quarter, but has declined considerably.
In terms of price distribution, international customers took up high-end markets, and millet and qcy broke into low-end markets. In the fourth quarter of 2019, high-end markets (more than $100) accounted for more than 85 per cent of total sales, with Apples alone accounting for 70 per cent of high-end sales, and the second third star accounted for only about 7 per cent of the top five, with the exception of China.
Manufacturers are all international manufacturers; low-end markets (less than $100) are relatively fragmented, with the first-ranked small-scale sales accounting for almost 20 per cent, while the top five share is not yet halfway.
3.22.22 billion gold bean batteries broke the patent blockade and entered the international large customer supply chain. Gold bean batteries are out of the air, and parameters are outpaced by the international dragon varta. On September 6, 2019, billion latitudes of lithium were able to distribute new gold bean cell information, and parameters are almost identical to the cp 1254a3 battery of the German battery company varta.
So, even in terms of fast charging, circulation, etc., the latter is significantly stronger (cp1254, after 500 times, with 80% of the battery capacity remaining, and 200 times of the cell capacity remaining). Through patent blockades, hundreds of millions of latitudes of lithium can be successfully cut into the three-star supply chain.
There are a number of large international customers that are in short supply, and there is an urgent need to find a second supply. Varta's bean battery uses a roll-over technology and has a lot of patented layouts, and there are currently very limited battery manufacturers that break through the patent blockade. vdl uses stacking technology, but the current quality density is significantly lower than that of ve and varta. Because of the tws market,
The surge in demand, coupled with the insufficient production capacity of varta, has accelerated the success of Lithium at the billion latitudes, and the Golden Bean Batteries have succeeded in cutting into the three-star supply chain, which is currently in short supply. With the delayed onset of the epidemic, the Apple Labs are expected to further match overseas and domestic taps. Figure 26: Golden Bean Battery life cycle
Figure 27: Varta continuously adjusts tws battery capacity planning with limited capacity, and ve is expected to take up a further high-end market share. Since June 2019, varta has been adjusted several times as a core supplier to high-end customers such as Apple, Samsung, Sony, as demand continues to outpace expectations.
By 2021, the production capacity of soybeans is expected to reach 200 million in mid-course, and 300 million by the end of 2021. Roots predicts that tws will produce 230 million headphones in 2020, up from 91.6% in 2019, of which apples will reach 100 million.
3.2.3. tws batteries are rich and profitable. The tws are highly profitable from the varta report. varta's business is divided into microcells and storage capacity, which account for more than 80% of sales. Before 2019, the main market for insignia batteries was in the medical field.
Especially hearing aids. In 2019, the market in tws suddenly burst, and in the first half of the year, ebitda/campaign receipts in varta surged to a year-round, with only 38 per cent of the company's operating income on the miniature battery plate rising, while ebitda increased nearly 100 per cent of the year, with a significant increase in operating profitability.
Figure 28: Varta Microature Battery Operations ebitda/receipt Table 1.1 billion latitude lithium energy versus varta labour costs (2019) Billion latitude lithium energy labour costs are much lower than varta, and Māori rates are expected to be higher.
Up to 40,000 euros, and up to 100,000 yuan in Lithium at 100 million latitudes, the average salary of one billion Lithium employees at the exchange rate is less than one third of varta. We expect a Māori rate of 60-70% for the Lithium at 1 billion latitudes and Tws batteries. The patent barriers are high, the industry has limited capacity, and the Māori rate is expected to remain high for two to three years.
The reasons for maintaining a higher level of Maori are, on the one hand, higher pricing of high-end customer products and less cost-sensitive; and, on the other hand, higher barriers to patents in the industry and limited overall capacity of suppliers. Vatara and Lithium billion latitudes are very extensive in terms of the niches around the technology and are not expected to show up many new competitors in the next 2-3 years. So we judge gold bean batteries.
Lithium primary batteries: A new cycle of renewal of smart meters has arrived, with long-term interconnectivity starting with foreign brands, four years of steady industry; four years of steady industry history: foreign brands, four years of steady industry. Lithium primary batteries are the company's traditional business, lithium.
In the early days when the company was opening up the lithium sub-cell market, because of the stringent quality requirements of the domestic electricity system for lithium sub-pools, many provincial electricity companies only approved the import of branded batteries, so the company entered into a trademark use agreement with the American battery company, energyone, to gain domestic free access to the Omnicel trademark and to use the company.
Since then, companies have been moving toward autonomous branding. In 2007, the company’s main brand, ve, exceeded domestic sales of products using the omnicel brand, and in 2008 it was the country’s first and fifth largest market for lithium batteries.
Figure 29: The business development of the company's lithium primary battery, which has a Maori rate of up to 40% of the lithium primary battery, with a new breakthrough in 19 years of tc power. Lithium primary battery is the company's base industry. The company's lithium primary battery products are mainly lithium sub-cells, lithium manganese batteries, and spc capacitors, which are used in various smart tables.
The rapid spread of etc in 2019 and the renewal of smart meters have led to a significant increase in the company’s lithium primary battery business. But the cumulative user of etc has now passed 200 million, with an average usage rate of more than 70%, even taking into account the need for new cars.
A new cycle of updates of smart meters has just begun, and demand is expected to expand over 20 years, so that 20-21 years of smart meters will drive a new growth point for lithium cells. The implementation program for fast-track electronic no-stop fast charge applications is set to reach 180 million users by the end of the year.
At the end of 2019, according to China's road network data, there were 204 million Internet users in the country, with an installation rate of up to 78 per cent. So, the country's penetration target for etc. has been met. After that, the need for etc. was mainly for equipment upgrades (assuming that the update cycle was 3-5 years) and relatively few new vehicles.
We expect a total of 37.45 million sets of etc in 2020, calculated as 70% of the company's market share, etc operations smart meters: the old table replacement cycle is coming, the general product network is opening up additional amounts, and a new smart table replacement cycle is coming to compensate for the decline in etc demand. In 2009, the national grid introduced smart power.
Net planning, which opened a centralized tender for smart meters in the same year, reached its peak in 2014 and 2015. The change in smart meters has been going on for 8-10 years, so since 2018, we've had a replacement cycle for smart meters, and we've had more than 80 million tenders, estimated to be in 2020. The company is the absolute leader in the use of smart meters, with the city taking over.
In 70% of cases, at least 56 million units are needed next year to mitigate the impact of the decline in the demand for etc. The “double core” of electricity falls, and the value of the table is raised by the general object network. In 2016, the national grid released the “double core” smart table design programme based on the ir46 concept, which was rapidly developed in 2019.
By 2020, the national grid is expected to introduce a new generation of smart meter technical specifications that will help accelerate the construction of the indexed sensor layer. According to the country, more than 1 billion terminal devices will be accessed annually, and more than 2 billion will be used in 2030.
The core equipment and one of the main components will grow significantly over the next five to ten years, adding the old watch replacement week.
From supplier to shareholder, firm and long-term holdings. McWall was established in 2009 as the main business for the development of electronic fogging equipment, using the business model of odm/oem. In 2011, Lithium billion latitudes were able to establish a business relationship with Macwell by providing it with lithium ion batteries for electronic smoke. In the same year, Lithium billion latitudes were able to develop electronic smoke batteries.
In 2014, in search of synergy, Lithium billion was able to acquire 50.1% of Shenzhen McVell shares at a cost of RMB 440 million. In 2015, McVell was listed on the new three boards, and in the same year, McVell introduced his own product, apv-vapresso. In 2017, Lithium billion was able to transfer his holdings to support McVell's independence.
The e-smoking market is growing rapidly, and there is much room for growth. The global e-smoking market has grown from $18.3 billion in 2014 to $70.5 billion in 2019, year after year, as a result of consumer recognition, increased visibility and sustained innovation.
With a growth rate of up to 30%, and an expected increase of 40% in composite annual growth to $283.9 billion in 2023, e-smoking will gradually become the focus of competition for tobacco companies and a growth point. In both categories of e-smoking, closed e-smoke equipment dominates.
US regulatory policy is gradually improving, and concentration is expected to increase. The demand for e-smoking in the US is stronger than in other countries, and the e-smoking market is relatively well developed, with the US e-smoking market in 2019 being about 20.7 billion, far higher.
In the EU, $7.3 billion and 2.7 billion in China. Since the beginning of the 20th year, US-style e-smoking and closed e-smoking are subject to policy restrictions, and open e-smoking is not subject to a ban.
A Swedish company has passed pmta. Small and medium-sized enterprises under policy regulation are likely to be forced out of the field, and industry leaders are expected to be able to sell high-speed Chinese sales, waiting for clear policy signals. The country is not currently restricting electronic tobacco production and off-line sales, but the policy situation is still unclear.
Smoking penetration is extremely low and the future space is significant. Figure 39: Summary of major national e-smoking-related policies.
In preparation for the market’s growth rate, this is largely the result of 1)felm fog cores pouring into Odm’s business with a strong heart agent, adding up to the market’s growth and keeping the Odm’s business growing at a high rate; 2) the ownership brand apv’s growing at a high rate. In general, this is the result of increased corporate research and development.
The company’s Māori rate was 44% in 2019, an increase of 9.3 pct in the same year; net interest rates were 28.6%, an increase of 7.2 pct in the same year. The business split shows that the Māori rate of the own brand apv has remained stable at around 35%, and the profit rate of the 0dm business has been increasing. Small smoke (closed electronic smoke) has been prevalent in recent years, and the company’s autonomous research and development has been mainly applied to smoke mists.
The main business before that was electronic smoke, large smoke, smoke packs, open electronic mist equipment av (advancedperson vaporizer) and fogizers, with an omm/oem operating mode. In the second half of 2015, it was in the lead at the odm market.
In the case of status, McVeil began to configure the autonomous brand apv. At the same time, the business structure was adjusted to gradually strip away the smoke packs and the smoke products, focusing on closed electronic mist devices for odm/oem, electronic mist components, and open electronic mist devices for autonomous brands (apv).
Two business models: odm+owned brands; three main business branches: closed electronic fog equipment + heat-free flame-burning products + open electronic fog equipment apv. Until 2018, odm/oem operations were mainly focused on closed electronic fog equipment, and self-owned branding was open electronic fog equipment apv.
In 2019, the company began to heat the non-combustion equipment market (odm) and, for the first time, to manufacture aerosols to heat Japanese tobacco production without burning electronic smoke pooms, and to launch the heating non-combustion technology platform metex.
The fumigation core has won the International Tobacco Award and has delivered over 100 million shipments. The company's fog core brand has to be ccell, the former primarily for its own brand, apv, and the latter for its cbd aerosol, and the latter for its closed electronic fogging equipment (including odm), which is used as an ancillary consumables. In 2016, the company added the first ceramics.
Hot technology was introduced to the market, and in 2018 it was branded as a feelm and won the Golden Leaf Award, the only Chinese technology brand in the country that won the award. In April 2019, Feelm delivered 100 million items, and vuse, njoy, relx used the fumigation core.
Figure 45: The closed electromagnetizer structure, which sells products out of the country, is a tap, a big space for growth. In 2019, McVell took 16.5% of the market to the top of the global market for electromagnetized equipment, with a limited difference from the second.
The United States, as a country with a relatively concentrated consumer of e-smoking, accounted for 40% of McVell’s sales. China’s share rose by 10 to 22% in 19 years, and the United States fell to 23%.
Industry is growing rapidly, with the global market for electronic fog equipment projected to be close to $100 billion in 2020, of which the United States market will continue to contribute more than half of the sales.
Figure 48: McVeil ' s share of regional sales in 2019 6. Profit forecasting and investment proposal Lithium primary battery business: this is the company ' s basic business and Māori is higher.
Power cell business: the company’s main growth point in the next few years. For three dollars, since the company began to supply Daimler in late 2019, the battery in modern Kia in the second half of the year started to produce.
Lithium ion battery consumption: For small consumer batteries, due to the outbreak of the tws market, we expect 2020 - due to a stable supply relationship with major international customers, such as tti and Peeta, following the transition of consumption, and to a doubling of production over 21 years, the return on McVell investment: a 10 per cent increase in the share of company revenue from Smoking-related operations exported to the United States, and a ban on sales
Given that the company is the leader in the lithium primary battery industry, the deep-dry lithium battery industry has been in stock for almost two decades, with a strong technological reserve, leadership, strategic excellence, a number of times on market hot spots, good cooperation, and the success of power batteries in obtaining many years of orders from major international customers, such as Daimler and modern Kiaea.
1) The decline in support for new energy car policies and the slower growth of the industry have not kept pace with the expected demand for power cell markets. National industrial policies have had a significant impact on the growth of power cell markets, thus affecting the sale and collection of company products.
2) There are major disadvantages to e-smoking policies, and market demand is not as good as expected. E-smoking is in the policy-sensitive tobacco industry, and if adverse policy shocks continue, market size will be adversely affected. As leading companies in the e-smoking battery market, and as large shareholders in McVell, adverse e-smoking policies will result in both company revenues and investment returns.
3. The price of some of the products has fallen or continued to fall, affecting the level of the company ' s Māori ratio. The new energy car market has grown rapidly in recent years, and the market has become more competitive. Powered batteries, as one of the core components of the new energy car, have attracted a large number of investors to compete in the market through industrial transformation, acquisitions and mergers.
Very intense, the average market price has fallen year by year, reducing the profitability of the company’s lithium ion cell business plate. 4) Prices of raw materials are unstable, and large fluctuations can have an impact on operations. The cost of raw materials is higher in terms of overall costs, and price fluctuations in raw materials will have a direct impact on the level of Maori in each plate.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board