Rapid growth in performance and continued abundance of the product matrix Events: On July 28, Washington launched its semi-annual report 2023, with the company achieving \triangleright in the first half of 2023
405 million yuan, or 51.92 per cent more than the previous year; 84 million yuan, or 107.30 per cent more than the same year; and 368.79 per cent more than the same year, or 365 million yuan for the q2 quarter, or 44.59 per cent more than the same year, or 63 million yuan.
In the first half of 2023, companies \triangleright eda collected $382 million, an increase of 60.5 per cent over the previous year.
The period increased by 89.42 per cent to 94.46 per cent, which is a major contribution to the growth of the current period; technology development services realized. Corporation R & D costs were $314 million, an increase of 68.45 per cent over the same period, and R & D technicians accounted for 75.2 per cent of the total workforce.
Radio frequency circuit design full-floweda tool system, developed with 5g communications, auto electron, object networking, storage, research assistant Song Xiaodong storage chip and radio frequency chip demand continues to increase and the market for new products is growing downstream; 2) corporate R & D technology
The technology continues to evolve, with the introduction of super-capacity rapid emulator aps-fs for storage design simulation challenges, the launch of platform aethermw for compound radio frequency circuit design challenges, and the new launch of a logical combination of circuit design tools, apexsyn, already in use by a number of customers.
The eda software product matrix, in addition to the new product storage circuit design and the radio frequency circuit design eda whole-flow tool system, includes analogue circuit design/plate displaying the entire processeda tool system, digital circuits/advanced envelope design eda and crystal eda.
First quarter of 23 years: rapid growth in performance, product discipline, maintaining domestic leadership, and leading the entire processeda tool system. The domestic eda industry is still at 2. 9 days old (301269.sz) three-quarters of 2022.
However, the three major international eda role models, electronics, neoscience, and Siemens, dominate, with domestic eda supply rating: q3 performance is growing steadily, the eda is accelerating a small share of national producers and there is sufficient national production space. For over a decade, the company has been working deep in the field of eda, the leading land.
The company is the only eda factory in the country that has the capacity to provide a full-flow eda system of analog circuits.
On the client side, as of 30 June 2023, the company had about 600 customers worldwide and insisted on deepening cooperation through sustained technological progress and product stability.
\triangleright twice as much. The company, as the leader of the domestic eda, takes the place of the eda tool, or has long-term growth, \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.