Under the "The King" ring of depth reports, the white wine giants, the seagulls, the Guozhou Mau Dynasty, not only had a price advantage, but the profits from the channel were far higher than the competition, making it a national white wine list.
The only “seller market” of the product. The quality of the product, the unique “sample” taste, the sound demand and the limited capacity of the brand power of the “national business card” have persisted, which will further elevate the dominance of the monolith and benefit the development of a series of products, with straight-up and “i-potre” as catalysts for all of this.
In this depth (the next one), we are going to tear down the duo in Guizhou horizontally in an attempt to show the company’s present. Performance: long-term robust, looking good for 2023. In 2021, the company collected $10,946.6 billion (+19.14%) in net profit from the return of the mother. Based on straight-up continuity, new stocking, sufficient base alcohol, 30,000 tons of drinking product release, and the company’s ability to release it.
In the broader context of leading the strategic reforms, we look forward to the year 2023. > Company: high quality, straight-up speed, adequate production capacity, sustained advantage. > Product: unique quality, full matrix. >Quality unique: low altitude, excellent raw material, Qunsha process “12987” and four years of storage.
From the very beginning, a unique taste and quality of slogans has been forged, while a manual culture and a touch-off process have created the bottom logic of “luxury goods.” Since the “133” strategy, the mahogany has been full of high-end images, while the series of wines has been gradually matured, with a new mahogany as one of the core drivers of 1935.
Channel 2: Intensity acceleration. >Extimation of channel: Over the past five years, with the elimination of the system of batches, distributors “scrambling”, contracted kas, platform power providers and the establishment of online self-employment platforms, the channel structure has been optimized to be rational and able to flat the terminal prices while increasing the current tonnage. > Intensity acceleration: through i-pots, high ton unit prices are sold at retail prices, direct to-ground, space is accelerated.
It's still big. The channel drives the foot: “Small Business”, “High Channel Profit”, “Prudent Price Raise” is the central reason for the higher power and controlability of the channel. 3 can release: 1 > poo. Based on 2.5% loss, 20% old wine retention rate, 15% old wine addition ratio, we can
In the long term, in accordance with the objective of the Vision 2035 of the city, the management of Mauotai wine production features 2021-4: "Studentism" creates a high-quality legacy and "presumption for farmers" stabilizes high-quality resources. Industry: models are superior, with competition at a hierarchical level.
Rates, overall, are highly profitable; the dominant brand quota system, the advance system, which brings solid cash flows to the white wine industry; and the need to keep stock, the base and the stock of finished wines up to value. This has led to a generally strong performance and siloing of the white wine companies on the market. Two-tiered competition: the white wine has a number of segmented markets due to geography, price levels, landscape, etc., leading to limited competition against the tail of the waist, and
And as the price of white wine rises, the market is even more divided. 3 Real barriers to price achievement: under the trend in the “volume-down” industry, the superhighness of white wine presents a “scarve” feature (the price band, the size of the industry, the size of the industry, the size of the industry, the size of the industry, the size of the industry, the size of the market) becomes the primary option for brand development. In the long run, high-end certainty, lower-end space remains large, and geographical liquor benefits.
Investment proposals: We look forward to the future of the company’s performance in the long run, as the ratio continues to rise.
In the case of core products, the company's product, "Flying Mau" has been gradually competing since 2016, when the white wine began to recover.
The price gap is not only more favourable than the price, but the profit from the channel is much higher than the competition and becomes the only “sales market” for the white wine monolith in the country. In terms of the product matrix, companies have not only achieved China's highest single white wine sales in relatively limited quantities, but have also been very productive and steadily increasing in terms of the series of wines and other brands.
In the short term, when the impact of the short-term epidemic is limited, corporate-based alcohol production is released, and the acceleration of direct growth is further facilitated, stimulating the company’s increase in volume, the price of tons of alcohol, respectively, and the “big year” of performance is highly definite. In the long run, the quality of quality products, unique “sacon” tastes, and brand power at the level of “national business cards”
The long-standing contradiction between robust demand and limited productive capacity will be accompanied by a steady increase in the price and volume of the core monolithic products, as well as a sustained and long-term development of the series of wines, brands and brands.
The Maotai of Guizhou is affiliated with the Maotai Group, which holds 56.21 per cent of the company ' s shares directly and indirectly through the Mao Tai Kai Corporation, of which the State Finance Committee of Guizhou holds 90 per cent of the company ' s shares, and the State Finance Committee of Guizhou is the actual controller of the company.
Historical overview: Mao Dai has experienced six real difficulties, some of which have tested the process and others the price - in the process, we believe that the development of three main lines is “prices are low, quality is shielded” “channels”. The “industry adjustment period” began in 2013 and not only led to the completion of a relatively difficult pressure since the industry matured.
Robust testing, also because of the price plate’s stability, has since opened the gap with the competition, becoming a true king of the high-end white wine market. The 20th century’s sophisticated production process has laid the foundation for the success of the hut, and the reform of the channel since the 21st century has led to its peak. (For an analysis of the historical development phase, please refer to the historical review theme depth of the Guizhou Maotai Intense Report (previously):
Figure 2 The history of the development of the matai in Guizhou (1) from a long-term perspective: in chronological order, it is divided into seven phases.
Intense, but short-term, limited impact, as well as limited impact on fundamentals, the decline factor is synchronized with the industry. The spill industry has matured, and the unit price has continued to rise, but the increase has not actually been synchronized with the industry – the price of the plant exceeded in 2008.
After five grain fluids, high-end primacy was established for the first time, with valuations performing better than others. During the period (as further analysed below), the industry’s political consumption landscape was significantly reduced, although the company’s basic profile was better than that of other companies, but the decline was largely synchronized with that of the industry.
The firm’s excellent price-control performance, which is based on demand and demand, is truly well established, especially since 2019, when competitive premiums have risen. This phase of the rise has not been synchronized with the industry. (2) Summary: “prices are low”, in parallel with bulk prices, has created a trillion-dollar basis for the 2014 increase.
1 “Pricings are low”: stock price hikes and falls are largely synchronized with company end sales, while a group of prices best reflect end sales. Corporate stock prices have been largely synchronized with a group of prices since the data became available (except for the “opening policy” in 2021, which led to a sharp increase in box prices, but the run-off continues to be synchronized with stock price performance).
The price position established after the industry adjustment period is the central reason for the annual increase of 55% over seven years. Although the public administration’s 2006 terminal price exceeded the five grains, the 2008 prices and 2013 revenues respectively exceeded the five grains.
The drivers are industry-related. Specifically, we found two core points of time.1 The year 2005 was around 22 times the pace of the major non-industry systemic drive after the 2008 peak.
After the outbreak, the real “official entry” of the month since 2004 has been restored to the Golden Decade, and industry production has risen since 2004, but the valuation has not increased significantly owing to faster performance. In 2018, when consumption was relatively weak, corporate momentum, combined with price-controlled distributors in 2018 and the opening of a straight path, led to a marked improvement in performance stability, which eventually led to an increase in performance stability.
The year 2008 was marked by a significant rise in the 2019 valuation. (2) Industry’s competitive perspective: a real competitive premium on the valuation was achieved in 2008.
The liquidpe ratio is almost 1.25 times higher, and the competitive premium has been shown, and has been further doubled since the outbreak. We believe that the real competitive premium achieved in Maotai, Guizhou, in 2008, was established by companies that exceeded the price of the five grains in 2008, and that the short-term rise since 2020 was due to a more stable and straightforward performance during the epidemic.
Campation upgrades, but not a second competitive premium due to short-term performance.
In 1964, after graduating from the food fermentation profession of the Tin-free Light Industries Institute, Tiklian followed Prime Minister Zhou Enlai’s request for the selection and development of professionals to enter the hut. In 1983, he became the director of the factory and, because of his technical expertise, asked to resign in 1985 and became the first chief engineer in Maotai’s history.
The director of the factory, Yuan In-go, became the deputy director of the factory, opened a 19-year-old gold partner, and in 2011 officially resigned from the directorship of the Maotai Group. 2 - Contribution: 1 > Products, Tiklian published dozens of white wine technology and business tubes during the company's time, including the 1965 paper "How we do it", "The Twilight drop-trip experience to improve the quality of the Mau-Tai".
The Ten Experiences of Booster Production has further clarified the process of production and standardization, making it possible for the process to be complicated to standardize the quantity of the wine. After the second time as director of the factory in Jiklian, the station has entered the era of rapid expansion.
In terms of personnel management policy, it is proposed that “only quality prizes and no excess prizes” be introduced to encourage product quality improvement. On the whole, Djaklía provides technical support and controls quality control at the management level, leading to a “0-1” process of standard quality production through standardized quality.
(b) Yuan In-gong cleans up the marketing chain. 1 Experience: Yuan In-gong entered Mao in 1973, took up the position of Secretary of the Office, Deputy Director, Chief of the Workshop, Secretary of the Department, etc., as Deputy Director of the Maoutai Liquor Factory in 1991, as General Manager of the Maotai Stock Company in 1998 and as Chairman of the Maotai Stock Company in 2000 and as Chairman of the Mao Dai Group in 2011 in Jiklian.
Result: During the fall in demand in the Asian financial crisis in 1998, Yuan In-guk organized the first 17 marketing teams in the history of Mao Dai and set up a marketing company, and after 2000 and then General Manager of the stock company, Johun, focused on upgrading the franchise, raising the number of company distributors and store customers from 146 in 1998 to more than 2,000 and opening up overseas.
In addition, Mao has gradually set up a marketing network in over 300 local municipalities and 2,800 “centre distribution stations — distributors — exclusive stores”. During the 2013-2015 industrial restructuring period, companies stabilized their prices, lowered the threshold for applying for distributors, managed to survive the industrial crisis and became one of the fastest-hit businesses to recover.
During this period, the company’s marketing channels were cleared, brands were maintained, and the industry’s crisis was smooth, with contributions mainly in terms of channels and marketing. But, after the Maoist brand’s rise, participation in the trading of power money caused a risk in the market system, and bribes were “swiped out” in 2018.
(3) Li Bao Fung has been steadily upgrading his brand. 1 Experience: Li Bao Fang has been acting as Managing Director of Maotai Holdings since 2015, became Chairman of the Mao Tai Group in 2018 and left in March 2022. 2 Outcomes: first, elimination of the "prosecution policy" and strict control of dealers' irregularities, and the number of dealers has been declining since 2018; and second, expansion of direct lines such as supermarkets, kas, syndicates, etc.
Third, to increase the structure of the series of liquor products, to control price increases, to successfully shape the puppies of more than 4 billion sales and several billion large single items; fourth, to increase the non-standard, high-end puppies, and to further increase the profitability of the puppies. Overall, Li Bao Fung was in the middle of his job.
At the bottom of the region, Li Bao Fung quickly recovered from the industrial crisis through the “iron wrist” channel, and the gap with other dragons gradually widened, leading the “flying the skyscraper” to become the only billion-grade single item in the 2000-dollar band. During his tenure, Li Bao Fung further streamlined the channels and products, crossing the “buyer” market to the “seller market” to achieve the “seller market”
In August 2021, he was the director of the Maotai company. In terms of policy and results, the company cancelled the "open box policy" at the end of the year.
In terms of access, i-pots came on line on 19 March, in addition to the acceleration of direct-camp channels such as direct shops and kas, which became one of the main drivers of performance this year; in terms of new items, the high-end high-end treasures, as well as the capture of large monoliths in the dry-price belt, 1935 were marketed at the end of the year and sales were strong; in terms of production, production is expected to accelerate production in the Chinese areas;
On the other hand, the idea is to pursue and create “American life” in the “American era,” in the form of a “American yearning for it,” and to stay on the “Five Lines” of development and promote high-quality development and modernization. On the whole, when the chairman takes office, there is a lot of movement in the areas of channel reform, new delivery, production, and so forth.
Figure 6 Chairman of the Group and Chairman, Managing Director of the Share Company Revenue and net profits: Successful collection of officials in 2021, with surplus performance of 2022q3. Corporate collections, net income from mothers, profits in 2021. (2) Short-term: q3 income growth loops slowed down as a result of the epidemic-affected company ' s speed of delivery
Straight-up, Māori-like rates are still rising. Business taxes and surcharges are relatively high this quarter due to the pace of tax recognition, and revenue profits are largely at the same rate. (3) Never seen: the corporate income target was 15% in 2022, significantly higher than last year. Public performance is expected to exceed the corporate target.
The annual Maotai revenues amounted to 10.8 per cent, in 2021 Maotai revenue accounted for 83 per cent of Maotai’s revenues, and in the next four years it is expected to continue to grow at a faster rate.
The price of alcohol at the end of the product has increased by billions of yuan, and the price of alcohol at the end of the product has increased by 6,64 million tons and 15,966,000 tons, respectively. Since 2016, the price of alcohol has increased by 22 per cent, 12 per cent and 9 per cent, respectively.
The drivers are mainly volume, and since the increase in consumption in 2018, the income growth drivers are mainly price, and the core factors are mainly in the chain of alcohol control and the direct increase in the share.
(ii) By product: the price of the bottled wine has risen and the price of the series has risen steadily. 1 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > - > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >
There has been no significant increase in prices. 2> Volumes show that the volume price has risen since 2016, by 2018, mainly driven by volume increases, after 2018, when the price of the plant was raised, but the overall performance has been relatively balanced. Since 2016: the company ' s income from the bottle and series has increased by 10 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively, to eliminate the effects of the epidemic, compared to 2019.
To maintain the previous upward trend in the price of the puppies and the equal price of the series of wines. 2022q1-q3 puppies, the same-year growth in the series of wines, respectively, figure 12 for white wine and income from various products.
- Mau-Dai, yoy, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, yay, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya, ya.
(3) By channel: 1 > share and growth: since 2021, when the wholesale sales agents and the direct sales revenue were $820 billion respectively, the first half of the year saw the elimination of the "batch policy" and direct sales, especially of power channel controls, and the number of distributors, as a result of a marked reduction in the clean-up of disciplinary dealers, the direct sales ratio rose significantly, with revenue in the year 2018-2021, caprda
Seventy-six per cent, which is significantly higher than the same period ' s sales income, cagr. 2> volume of prices showed: direct distribution channels exceeded 63 per cent of the price of Mautai tons of wine annually, except in 2018. The price of tons of alcohol rose rapidly, mainly because of a significant percentage of the series of wine up to 2018, while the share of mahogany, especially non-coupled wine, rose significantly after 2018. Distribution channels grew mainly in 2016.
Self-distribution contributions, while sales have stagnated since 2018, mainly on a ton price basis, and since 2016, have had a limited impact on the overall Māori rate due to a limited share, as well as continued price increases in the series. Since 2016, the overall growth has been steady, except for the short-lived impact on Māori in 2017 of a doubling of the supply chain.
The increase in the Māori rate was most pronounced as a result of the only price increases, non-fixed increases and the upgrading of the wine chain structure in the last eight years, which benefited from the first half of the year; the rise in the direct-optimal ratio since 2019 became the backbone of Māori growth, and the increase in the prices of high-priced non-target products in 2019, the non-poll prices at the beginning of the year, and the increase in the direct-camp ratio of 2022i.
On the 19th, revenue is expected to exceed 3 billion since it came on the line, and with the direct-stock ratio and i-pot spending, the Māori rate is expected to remain at 22%, 11%, 14%, respectively, of sales income, cost of sales, administrative costs cagr, and cost growth less than income growth, while firm growth in corporate income remains the main cause of rate savings. Savings in financial rates are mainly due to interest income growth.
It means that in the structure of the company’s sales costs, they differ from other liquor companies, that promotion costs are relatively low, that advertising costs account for about 80% over the long term, and that they are still higher than they were 10 years ago.
Roe: As net interest rates continue to rise and stabilize overall stability, as equity multipliers drop and turnover drops slightly. In 2021, company roe reached 27.68%. Since the recovery of the white and wine industry in 2016, firm net interest rate repairs led by roe have led to a small drop in roe as a result of the rapid decline in total asset turnover. Overall, because net interest rates remain high and the company continues to rise.
Liquidity: overall health and declining guidance on advance payments (contractual liabilities). (1) Cash flows are healthy: the ratio of net cash flows to net corporate profits is maintained in the vicinity of 1 and growth tends to be generally uniform and stable; in the case of non-operational cash flows, dividends continue to be the main source of cash outflows, accounting for 82.3 per cent of total cash outflows in 2021.
Fixed asset investments are not under pressure on the company ' s current cash flow and cash flow is healthy. (2) Advance payments (contractual liabilities) are gradually becoming less indicative of income: as advance payments (contractual liabilities after 2020) primarily represent advance payments, they have a leading role in the growth of statement income, after 2017, with dealer control starting in 2018, and
Since 2019, in principle, only one month before the dealer is required to make a loan, and the pre-receipt (contractual liability) has gradually diminished its guidance on income. Nevertheless, the branding of the white wine industry has determined the location of the industry chain, resulting in the current major brands making cash advances to distributors in accordance with the plan, controlling product sales, prices and corporate performance through the delivery of goods, white wine leading cash.
The flow is better overall and ahead of performance, and there is greater certainty in real performance due to the supply of large singles. The model is superior, and companies listed in the white wine industry tend to be generally well-positioned, highly performing, and popular.
In the five years since the recovery of the alcohol industry, most of the listed companies have had a net return profit of more than 20 per cent or 40 per cent, which has remained generally positive and growing; 19 white-listed companies have created a warehouse ratio of more than 10 per cent and have long held more than one third of the stock base of the country's largest consumption theme, the 15-largest warehouse stock.
Figure 36 White wine industry (2016 - 2021) Co-benefits of non-profit compound increase in parent withholding Liquor business model: (i) excellent financial performance, mainly due to costs of sorghum-based food and package, high selling rates of brand brands and high overall profitability; preferential brand quota system, advance payment system, leading to stability in the white wine industry
(b) Cash flow; there is no need to deal with stocks, and stocks of gins and finished wines add value. (2) Tier competition: there are multiple market segments for white wine due to geography, price levels, scene scenes, etc., leading to limited competition against firms with tails, and market segmentation increases further as the price of white wine rises.
Figure 39 Proximity of the White Wine industry. Figure 40 shows a large number of differences, leading to market hierarchies. Figure 41 shows a high geographical barrier to white wine.
White wine brands show a trend towards decentralization: in addition to the fastest increase in the white wine industry, the top 10 companies registered a better increase than the necks (cr3-4) in the last 10 years, except for the head company, which had the highest rate of decentralization, with the first five years of decentralization, which affected more than the consumption of the three.
After the industry rebounded in 2016, the city of the tail company increased slightly, but it still performed better than that of the neck in the relatively vulnerable years of the last five years, 2018-2020. Overall, the top 10 companies developed best, and the waist and tail did not fall, on a small basis, and with higher growth, the city increased not less than that of the neck.
The regional, sub-high poles are growing rapidly and there is a certain trend towards decentralization.
Figure 44 Changes in concentration by stage, Figure 45 Differences in concentration between the waist, tail and neck, Figure 46 White wine industry stratification, cagr
Disparity is not only the result of fragmentation and flowering, but also the result of long line change, which often has the opportunity: the two-line brand change is backed by relatively limited barriers and more market segmentation. The years when the mouth cellars and the five grain fluids became the champions of the market are achieved through the climb of higher-priced markets. As the price band rises, the brand barriers associated with price segmentation are higher, but they divide.
Brands determine their own prices, and they directly influence the country’s branding of white wine. On the one hand, the white wine itself is much more diverse than taste, and on the other hand, the white wine critics are organized by light industry or the country’s relevant sectors and have a high degree of authority.
Price performance is a real barrier to real achievement. 1 Business dinners survive on price increases. Prices represent customer status in their own right, while payments are usually paid by companies.
It is less sensitive than the individual. When there is a demand for business, it is driven by a higher price of a white wine dinner. 2 prices are hit first, lower, and higher. Most of the more well-known big ones now often require sufficient brand knowledge to bring about effective price increases.
If you want to raise the price of a product substantially, it may be necessary to show the product’s advantages in a year, but it is still a series of new products that are relevant.3 Only price breaks are unreliable. Prices represent brand power, long-term consumer education, or sufficient time to sink. Even by increasing marketing, promoting high unit prices for new products, when brand power is not yet in place, consumers are better off.
When prices are real barriers, the success of large singles, especially new ones, often requires matching the following features. One card is accurate. On the one hand, positioning the price segments of the current market’s core demand and, on the other hand, targeting future trends.
Prices, prepositions. 2-bit customer base. Prices are more successful near the product itself. 3 High input. Adequate consumer education, with high profit promotion channels. 4 Marketing controls. After product roll-out, continuous activity feedback, channel control will effectively lead to product laying and repurchase upgrades.
Figure 50 Product success rule, large monolithic life cycle (1) Import period: low repurchase (high or low actually depends on the value of a brand near the new product), positive company costs, positive channel
Access costs are limited, channels are most profitable, channels are more willing to spread and companies are least profitable. (2) In the long term: they are likely to decrease because of the high cost of product education, the rapid increase in repurchases, and the likely high cost of companies. In addition, they increase because of better product growth, their profits are reduced and they remain high at a later stage.
In medium- and high-priced products, product unit prices, bulk prices may increase, and corporate profits begin to rise. (3) The maturity period: repurchases rise to new heights, products mature, companies use more powerful price thrusts, business scenes, over $200 in bits, etc.
(4) Branding period: For some high-end priced products, the cost can be further reduced when the product becomes a large single item with a clear advantage, repurchases can remain high, product prices may still increase further, and channel profits may be further reduced, and there is still a strong demand for purchase financing due to brand power.
Figure 51, four life cycles and the characteristics that represent the product, figure 52, four life cycles The white wine split market matches the "shareglass" feature. 1 In terms of sales, two large, sub-high-end price bands (300-500 yuan) are large.
The smallest is 500-800 dollars. In terms of sales, high prices, especially high-end white wine, have been sold at a very small amount, stretching through both sides of the price belt, with fewer white wine sales closer to the high-priced belt (over 800 dollars), and 500-800 dollars remain in the commercial high-frequency category, dominated by geographical poles, far higher than the high-end sales and frequency have become the best moats of its consumption.
The sales inputs of different types of white wine businesses are mainly reflected in rates and structures: (1) high-end, high-level, geographical-nominal sales costs: high-end wines are generated by large incomes, high-nominal rates are sold.
The cost of selling is large, and the costs of selling other wines form two ladders. (2) The rates are often the highest for the upper end of the Kawakami faction, the upper end of the territory, and for the "long one" of the provinces and provinces, respectively, due to the needs of decentralized nationalization, the need for nationalization of the expansion of the provincial centres, and higher sales rates.
(iii) Wages tend to be lower than high-end wines: geographical wine sales are more sophisticated, sales are more numerous and salaries are higher; sub-high-end wines are demand for national expansion, and single-ton salesmen are still matching, because the medium-to-high ratio is higher than geographical wines.
Higher-than-geographical wine; high-end white wine with a strong brand name, high repurchase, low-paying ratio and less well-paid salesmen.
Figure 55 Size of sales costs of companies listed on white wine versus cost of sales, Figure 56 Number of sales personnel and average remuneration, Figure 57 Number of salesmen per 1,000 tons of wine
White wine is characterized by a “deflated price increase”: the frequency of alcohol consumption has decreased in the context of the upward price reduction trend, and the concentration of white wine in specific price bands and regions has increased more easily.58 The white wine industry has shown a downward price increase trend.
In 2019, white wine production was removed from the “restrictive category”.
Since then, China has increased its production capacity mainly through technological changes and acquisitions of other liquor factories. According to the IDRC, the Industrial Restructuring Guidance Directory (2019) was considered for adoption by the 2nd Committee meeting on 27 August 2019 and implemented as of 1 January 2020.
The Directory of Guidance on Industrial Structural Adjustments (2011 edition) (amended) was repealed at the same time, in which the “white wine production line” was removed from the “restricted” production figure by 612019 from the “restricted” production category, and in the context of a reduction in the frequency of alcohol consumption and an increase in its high end, we believe that there are three main trends by 2025:
One high-end price increase (800 +): Apart from the flat-price rise, white wine is driven mainly by brand power for price change. Two high-end expansions (500 +): high-priced sub-high-end major overflows of high-end alcohol demand, price overflows, small-scale under-price escalation, volume release, and market expansion opportunities to move from a vague market to a stable pattern.
3 Business upgrades ($500-): acceptance of top consumption, highest consumer frequency sub-prices from business scenes, upgraded, leading up to provincial poles.
3. Companies: high-quality products with effective channels 3.1. Products: strong brands of large singles and full product-type matrices.
By 2014, the company had developed a two-wheel drive, dominated by Mautai, to further upgrade the strategic position of the Series after 2014 through the Strategy 133, while continuing to upgrade and increase its investment in the "Mautai" branding, with a marked increase in the number of wines, non-barrel and alcohols, since 2022.
At present, the corporate product matrix is full. (1) Pow-barrel: at prices from low to high levels, it forms a flying platform, a living platform, a fine one, a rare one, a precious one, and a branded matrix of Chen-Pao-Tai. The high-end price matrix of the pow-top is relatively mature.
One-year-old Xiaotao: published in 2014 and designed in conjunction with Mr. Ying Shao, is now the first non-problem single item in the raw gin series, some of which tasted more than a year old.
3 Treasures: first launched in 1986, and new items of wine were introduced on December 29, 2021, in which the product was sold for years of ancient bikini wine and performed well on the typical style of the "Y" "Y" and "Light" and "Long" Kodo wine in Guizhou, which can be described as "stylish" and of significantly higher quality than the average.
4 went into the series of huts: since 2017, the series has been published, going into Africa, into Australia, into Russia, into Chile, into Tanzania, and so on, with a slightly higher position than the one in the sky.
In the recent past, companies have increased their prices and frequency of non-square pedals over flying days and series of wines, and have increased their prices in tonnage, profit and profit. (2) The series of wines: the 2022 brand matrix is relatively full. 1 has a long time: around 2000 and the 2015-2018 series of two bottles at the heart of the company were released.
In 1999 and 2000, the Prince Mao Dai wine and the reception wine were released for a longer period of time. The years 2015-2018 were reboot, the Guizhou song (relaunching 2015 and listing 1963), Wang Mau (relaunching 2018, re-establishment 1879) and Hua Mao (re-launching 2018 and predecessor 1862).
2 has formed a clear-cut brand matrix. With the 5 billion-grade wine of the Prince Mao, as well as the 1 billion-volume wine of Lai-Mau, Han-jae, Kuo-Chao, Mao-Chao, and the entire series of wines, it is almost complete on this basis, with the Prince Mao's leadership, Rao-Mau, Han-Chao, and its potential brands Goo, In-Hin, Wang-Mau, Hua-Mau, 1935.
And it's never been seen that a thousand dollar price belt, with a high potential of 1935 on the lower end and a low on the upper end, will be dominated by Han Ju and the higher end, respectively.3 The “133” strategy and the establishment of the Liquor and Liquor Marketing Company will drive further growth.
In early 2015, it was announced that the sauce series would be separated from the group's main brand, and that it would operate as a separate company, with high growth from 2018.
Prior to the fast start of the 4208 series, short-term increases dominated: the company ' s alcohol series doubled to around 10 per cent in 2016-2018, figure 65 in the company ' s product matrix, figure 66 in the liquor product matrix
Figure 67 Matrix of Liquor Products, 68 Maw Distributive Guidance Prices and Prices (M$/Battles) Figure 69 Wine Price Increases (M$/Battles)
Price increases for the 70-meat liquor factory price increases ($/bottles) Figure 71 Mow wine retail guideline price increases ($/bottles) Figure 72, 2016-2021, revenue, ton prices and increase in sales
(a) The process is more complex: eight fermentations are required for the sauce than one fermentation and only two fermentations for the fragrance;
There's a need for more than seven different types of wine. The overall process is more complex. (2) More raw materials: the sorghum is used mainly for fermenting and using cellars different from the sorghum and the sorghum used by Kwansha is much higher, and the alcohol rate is significantly lower than the fragrance and the fragrance.
The higher rates of wine availability also led to higher yields and dominance of the industry before the reforms were opened. (3) The cycle is longer: soy sauce is made in the middle of the day, and heavy sun is made in the sand, and it has been taken several times, for a period of up to one year, and stored for up to three years, and it is clearly longer than the fragrance and the fragrance.
Since the discovery of the three typical features of the station in 1964, Lee Heung Hae has further standardized the taste of the table (saints, salamis, salamis). General sauna is dominated, based on saline, old wines are supplemented, and saunas are special fragrances. Since 1985, the smell of sauce has risen to about 14%.
(a) Geographical superiority: in 2001 the National Quality Base Monitoring Authority approved the protection of the products of origin of the huts.
The area of protection is 7.5 square kilometres and was expanded to 15.03 square kilometres in 2013.1 Geographical advantage: Maotai town is located in the valley of the Chihuahua River, more than 400 metres, surrounded by mountains, creating a special climate of warm winter summer fever, nymph burn, and frost-free periods. Microbes are easy to reproduce, but they are not easily lost.
It is located in the most unique area of the Red River basin. So only 15.03 sq. km of land in the town of Maotai, 2 sq. sq. river basins, are responsible for the creation of a large number of high-quality liquor companies. There are more known liquor companies in the upper and lower rivers of the Red River, including the five grain fluids, the Penang state cellar, the wine industry, the State Station, the Kinsha, the rum industry, the fishing table, among others.
The water source is a river of red water. At about 400 metres above sea level, the temperature is high.3 It cannot be produced away from home: in 1975, the head of the State Council conveyed to the province of Guizhou “to get the production of the mahogany up as soon as possible, so that there are now tons of development plans”, and the National Science Committee approved the scientific project “Intermediate testing of the production of mahoda wine”, which has been tested for 11 years, despite the fact that
The project was evaluated as “basicly successful”, but the experimentally produced wine was not named Mautai. In 1991, former Chairman Jiklian published the view that “Leave the town of Mautai without producing it.” It was made clear that Mao Dai could only be produced in Maotai Town. (2) The high standards of the process are required. 1 high standard of the “12987 process” required: one production cycle, two inputs, nine.
Sub-cooking, eight fermentations, seven drinks. This results in each batch going through 30 processes, 165 processes, connecting 8158 puppies directly responsible for manufacturing or quality control. 2 kiosks insist on “three highs and three lengths” — high-temperature, high-temperature, piled fermentation, high-temperature distillation, as well as long-cycle, large-scale storage, and long-term alcohol and alcohol. 3 insists on “three lows”.
More than three and a half” — “three lows” for low sugar, low moisture, low alcohol production; “three more” for more wheels, more use and more food consumption; and “one little” for fewer ingredients.
High-quality winter wheat. Water is required for less than 13%, starch for more than 60%, dry particles for more than 38 g, imperfect particles for less than 4%, and miscellaneouss for less than 1%.
Before and after the reyang, the water is clear, and the water is the raw material of the poo. (There are more than 2,000 wine factories in the Red Water River, also known as the "America River.") Three red sorghums: mainly sorghum from the river basin. Red sorghums from the Red Water Valley are small, thick, flat, dry and boiled, boiled and remelt compared to other production areas. The ratio of rice is less than 13%, and proteins are proportional.
> 12%, dry particles significant at 35 g, and starch at more than 60%. Substrates account for 99% of the total starch, well above the average sorghum (general sorghum is often 60-64%). (4) Microbiological advantage of the base. More than 1,200 microbes are involved in the production of pow-drink, which is significantly higher than alcohol.
A single bacteria, some of which play a key role in the high temperature, fermentation, distillation, and productivity of production. 1 In the year, the research project on micro-organisms such as the "Mautautic Space Inducing Progeny" made stage progress and, following a comparative study of the mix on the front of the Ark of God 5, separated more than 1,200 previously unknown strains of bacteria from the Mauttai Space Wine and selected them.
Good yeast species - red curvatures. This strain is more resistant to high temperatures, more viable and more protein-dissolved than conventional wines, and provides a basis for increasing the use of the puppies and reducing production costs. (5) The temperature of the drink and the concentration of the wine are better selected.
The reason is that harmful substances at low boiling points, formaldehyde and sulfur are volatile, and the rest are flavours at high boiling points, with less stress on humans.
Figure 78 Microbial Advantages, Figure 79 “3 by 3” Requirements, Figure 80 “12987” fermentation process
Figure 81 High-quality raw materials at pedagogic prices Bottom logic: Man-made culture at pedestals. (1) A large number of steps require manual labour. 1 cannot be made with machines, but only with labour: it is made in a mechanized way.
Blocks are less suitable for microbiological reproduction in terms of temperature, distribution density, and formation than artificially stepduced curls. 2 boxes need manual loading. 4-6 hours of leakage would be required if there were sandy eyes, and the pups would need to be packed 24 hours in wood panels, and there is no way to automate the detection and removal of each bottle of parchment during the static process.
3 artificially. Because of the ease and air-breathing nature of the body, the hand of the machine is prone to shatter the shell. 4 red ribbons. Although the steps are so simple and based on cultural traditions, the process of artificial red ribbons has so far been retained. (2) partial automation has failed.
There's an increase in technology, but the smell of wine has changed. In 1989, a complete suspension of machine cursing and a full recovery of artificial pedals. (3) The core of manual steps -- a check-out.
There are differences in taste, and each batch (about dry tons) is made entirely by the personal abilities of the cashier, which makes it impossible to mechanize. This makes it possible that every batch, even every bottle of wine, may be different, except that there is no difference in the senses. So each batch is a match between personality and product standards.
There are currently only 14 masters of the kiosks, mostly 70 years later. Each production cycle is selected in the various sectors, and the senses are popular, but they need to be qualified as a three- or more-degree alcoholic. This requires that the person in question must work in a wine-showing position for more than three years.
Figure 82 requires manual steps.
At the end of 2013, the Ministry of Quality tested only 30 indicators, and now more than 160. It also tested alcohol before, during and after packaging.
Level-III testing of materials and products, four-stage testing of the process. A large number of high-standard drinking quality tests, with a high level of success, show the price of product-level-86: prudent adjustment, barriers to achievement. (The historical price changes are analysed in detail here in the “historic” section.)
The program has led to higher prices for companies that are different from the five grain fluids and the Penang cellar (with lower prices in the middle) and more easily established brand power and consumer perception for a limited period of time.
(2) Earlier periods, especially before the adjustment period (2013-2015), the first bottled wine was not fully established, the price of the competition was not significantly removed, there was no apparent supply or demand, and this period was largely synchronized with the increase in consumer goods and income.
After the adjustment period, the price increase became clear and macro-based, as the position of the hut was further established, the price was pulled off against the competitive goods and the demand was genuinely non-existent.
Decoupling, from 2016 to 2021, we measured per capita income, poo price, and poo price capr, each increasing (3) high-channel profits. On the one hand, price increases are slow for terminal price control purposes, and on the other hand, price increases for each round provide high profits for distributors. Higher dealer profit margins keep poo sales in a virtuous circle.
In fact, in 1997, we produced more than 7 million tons of wine, which is almost close to the present, and there has been a steady decline in my alcohol production and sales around 2000 and 2016. In the last 20 years, industry’s growth has been mainly price-based.
Equities are equally important, but under relatively high-end production methods, the quality of the taste varies from one consumer to another; the high-end and low-end of the tastes require as much consumer education as the price; and the longer price-related consumer education takes, which makes the price a real barrier to white wine.
Figure 88: Comparison of the prices of the Guo Dai, the five grain fluids, the state cellars, 1573 batches. Figure 89 2003 - present prices of the Kuzhou huts, the five grain fluids, the state cellars, 1573 factory prices. Figure 90 2006 - present, number of times the price of the plant is adjusted (twice)
Figure 91: Mäori rate of past price increases from 2006 to the present by dividing the difference between the price and the price of the plant by 92 per capita income at the same rate as the price of the low price in Guizhou.
3.2. Channels (including i-pots): The direct occupation ratio continues to increase relatively well. 1 Price: the current direct supply channels consist mainly of direct shops, group purchasing channels and i-pot platforms, which are supplied at a price of $1499/bottle; in wholesale channels, the price of Ka and the electric platform supply is $1399/bottles, and other channels (including economics)
Vendors, intra-provincial affiliates, Maotai groups, export channels) supply prices are $969/bottles. 2%: direct camp in 2021, sales revenue at 23%, sales revenue at 77%, sales at 9%, sales at 91%. The direct ton price is clearly better than distribution. In 2021, the direct ton price was 4.0894 million ton and 1351,300 ton, respectively, and the direct ton was significantly higher than during the same period.
In addition, the ratio increased significantly in 2022 due to the i-pin line, with direct revenues in the first quarter of q3 in 2022 amounting to 37 per cent. Figure 942021 shows revenue by channel (%)
Q1-q3 revenue per channel in 962022 as a percentage of the price of alcohol per channel in 972021
(1) The volume of direct distribution channels has risen exponentially: revenue from direct distribution channels has grown faster since 2016, with revenues, volume, and price capr rising by 47 per cent, 24 per cent, 19 per cent, respectively. The volume is mainly due to a partial shift from wholesale channels to a direct quota, while the price side has been on the line since the date of official entry, with 2022q1-q3 achieving tax-free sales revenue of $8,462 million.
Two types of sales are on-line. Among these, the requisitioning categories are: Mautai 1935, Tiger Year 500ml, Tiger Year Kui 1 pair 375ml, and Treasure House 4 products.
Overall distribution channels: there has been a steady decline in distributors and relatively good inventory management; since the beginning of the year, there have been five fewer dealers at the end of q3.
(3) Stock control is reasonable. Corporate distributors are dominated by small distributors, which leads to relatively effective end-control by companies, and industry adjustment periods (2013-2015) are often four to eight months for stock in competitive channels, with company channel stock control (4) and power-market platforms: steadily increasing. Companies have increased their cooperation with ka-business super-electric platforms since 2018.
National and regional channel service providers are estimated to be about 300 tons and 150 tons, respectively, and, overall, ka and power company platforms are estimated to be about 5,000-6,000 tons. (5) Some of the provincial domestic clients support the business consumption base.
The firm’s business acquisition base has been solid, as a result of the historical positioning of the consumer scenes. Figure 1012018-2021: Number of low-level distributors. Figure 102 2013-2021: Income from top five clients and revenue from related parties
3.3. Production: Saturation of production capacity, which in the long term still leaves room for improvement
The utilization rate is 133 per cent. There are currently two plants with capacity, one in the old plant area (209,000 tons of design capacity) and one in the Chinese sector (14,000 tons of design capacity). (2) Wine series: 31,660 tons of design capacity in 2021, with actual production of 28,248.92 tons and capacity utilization
The rate is 89 per cent, with 6,400 tons of production capacity in the second year, which has been removed, and about 112 per cent, or more than 100 per cent, of the adjusted capacity. There is currently a project to build capacity for the “30,000 tons of soy sauce and wine series and their accompaniment facilities”, which is 58 per cent by the end of 2021, with a significant increase in the capacity of the existing wine series.
The problem of saturation of the real production capacity of the bottled wine in 2016-2021 is more acute.
Liquor production capacity is equally saturated, with capacity utilization tends to remain above 100 per cent until 2020, and 2021 dropped to 89 per cent. Moreover, since 2018, a series of wines has largely increased by price, with a limited increase, with a five-year production of cagr of 7 per cent (lower than poo) and a steady decline in the stock of finished products as a proportion of sales in the second year.
The share of annual sales of white wine, 27%, has continued to decline to 13%, further indicating that stocks are limited and production is tight. (3) The total stock ratio has continued to be below 4. The stock of base alcohol has been available for sale in the year in which it was sold (the total stock compared to the total volume sold in the year in question) for less than four years since 2017.
Once the production of Mautai has been affected in a given year, it may have had a significant impact on future performance. (4) The stock of finished wines has not changed in real terms since 2011. In 2011-2021, company sales of white wine have increased nearly threefold, but the stock of finished wines has not changed significantly, with 2020 and 2021 below the stock of finished wines in 2011, respectively.
Figure 109 Cogr, the five-year production of a series of wines, figure 108 2016-2021.
About 15 per cent of the old wine, which may be around 20 per cent, and about 85 per cent of the estimated volume to be sold four years ago, may be subject to a degree of elasticity as the old wine ratio changes. (1) Loss is expected to be around 2.5 per cent: on the one hand, according to the historical data of Mao Daizhi, losses were already available before 1990
In order to control it below 4 per cent, or about 3 per cent; on the other hand, we have spent nearly four years of stock plus the second year of production minus the sales of the stock of the stock, the 15-year-old wine, the 30-year-old wine, the 50-year-old wine, the 1-ton old wine needed to be added to 0.1486 tons, 0.1170 tons, 0.4500 tons, 0.799 tons, 0.8500 tons.
About 15% of the population is below and above the data. Given that there may have been some changes in the proportion of old wine additions since 2001, there may have been limited reductions due to quality needs, and that the increase may have been limited due to lack of capacity, we expect an average of around 15% to add old wine.
(3) The proportion of older alcohol in storage may be around 20%: about 85% four years ago. Since the first year of production is the first year of production, production ends in order to be graded and then stocked for one year, after two years of storage, the tweaking is sold for one year of packaging.
In addition to the years before and after the industry adjustment period (2013-2015), and in years when there was no supply or demand at an early stage, the availability of the platform was approximately 85% of the production four years ago.2 It is expected that 20% of the old wine will be stored in the left right. According to rumours, the proportion of the old wine stored tends to be around 20-30%, and we further fine-tune this by calculating:
Loss assumes 2.5 per cent, add 15 per cent, sellable 85 per cent four years ago, which may be around 20 per cent, but may be flexible as old alcohol policy changes.
Figure 114 Past wear and tear: 3973 greenbookbookbookbookbookbookbookbookbookoo.
Further improvements are expected in the future production capacity of the Mautai wine.2 The Chinese sector forward planning: according to the Plan for Detailed Planning of Construction (Detailed Planning of Construction of the China-China Phenomenon) of Kuotai Co. Ltd., an additional 13,000 tons, 20,000 and 19,000, respectively, are expected to be added during the periods of “12,500, 1355 and 1455”
Tons of production capacity, totalling 520,000 tons, are currently designed to produce about 14,000 tons in the Chinese sector and are expected to have some space. 32035: According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Economic and Social Development of the City and the Vision for the Twenty-three-Year Vision, “Supporting the Maotai Group in forming the Maotai Group has a capacity of 100,000 tons”, if 100,000 tons could be achieved by 2035
3.4. Management features: teacher-teaching, Tibetan-teaching, promotion of Maori cultural heritage: promotion of technological heritage and team stability. 1 Historical source: first created in 1953 and further strengthened since 2016. The first term of the Teacher-Teaching Contract was established in 1953, with three pairs of teachers, including assistance in the development of the early years.
In 1958, there were more than 20 barristers and more than 100 technocrats in the factory, and in 1959, the teacher system was suspended and restored only in 1978. In 2005, the Maotai Group issued a circular on the activities of the "Teacher-Teacher".
At the beginning of 2016, Mao Dai revised his approach to the management of the activities, which introduced the Opinion on Further Strengthening the Work of Teachers with Teachers.2 Specific provisions and tests were made: to ensure the effective transfer of experience, an early contract set a two-year time limit for “Teachers with Teachers” such as a contract which reads: “As of 1 June 1957, a student of the Church has guaranteed the full range of techniques and techniques.
Before 1 June 1957, they learned.” At present, for example, alcohol tests include quality of delivery, team leadership, workshop evaluation, etc. After completion of the tests, the results are excellent, advanced, and qualified.
(i) Agriculture core area: 1 sorghum core production area, which has planned 980,000 acres of sorghum base for sorghum in Inhuai city, Xiaohua county, Kinshasa county, Suzhou district, and Sencheon district, with an annual capacity of more than 200,000 tons;
In 2019, four sorghum-standard demonstration bases were set up in the provinces of Changang town, Kutao, the Red Army of the Five Horses, and the Town of Ma Dams. 2 wheat and new production areas were managed in 2017, with a relatively fragmented wheat base, which was planned to be located in the three provinces of Anhui, Hubei and Henan, with a planned area of over 600,000 acres and annual capacity.
(2) Proactive inputs, high-price purchases, and storage benefits for farmers: the huts invest more than 300 acre a year for the purchase of seeds, fat, biological agents, bags, etc. for farmers, and the huts have little or no other input, while the huts buy agricultural insurance for farmers, and in case of natural disasters, they also guarantee the income of farmers. In addition, the huts use sorghum for the purchase price.
Far above the average market price, the purchase price per sorghum in 2020 was about 4.6 yuan per pound, which is about two times the average price in the ordinary sorghum market, and each acre equals an increase in income of 1,000 yuan. (3) Models of efficient farmer cooperation: a management model of “company plus base plus professional cooperative plus farm households”.
The cooperative organizes the sale of sorghum to food and oil companies. (Seeds, raw materials, fertilizers, and sorghum-filled bags are supplied directly from the huts.) Each bag of sorghum requires four severe checks to be carried out.
In the event of a lack of quality, it can be traced back to a specific farmer by the number of a sorghum sack. (4) Strict penalties: once a family has not grown sorghum, the entire cooperative will not buy sorghum and the farmer will not buy it.
In addition, using an open and transparent formula, each farmer reports land area and quantity of food to be posted as soon as he/she becomes eligible for sale.
In the event of forgery, other villagers will take the initiative to stop it by reporting illegal storage of sorghum in the field, reward the whistleblower for $10,000, report the sorghum in the base for sale and reward the whistleblower for $10,000 in the core production area of the sorghum in figure 119.
Figure 120 Core wheat-breeding area, Figure 121 Efficient farmer cooperation model High availability, but the impact of the epidemic on shipments has led to a slower increase in sales in the last three years than in 2016-2018 and in direct camps
In terms of prices, due to the acceleration of short-term camping and the gradual movement of high-quality non-targets to direct-camp channels, it is expected that the market price will remain the same for the Maw: in terms of sales, the 30,000 tons of soy sauce and wine production was proposed in 2018, and the production of the 2021 semi-annual series increased by 36 per cent. This year, the increase was mainly in the huts, 1935 (three years of complete storage) and core production.
In the short term, the production capacity is expected to grow rapidly, and the price is about three to four times higher than in the other series, and we expect the average price to rise by 5.5 billion, 8.9 billion, and 11.4 billion this year, while production cannot be converted into sales.
(ii) Channels: The directization of channels this year is stronger than in previous years, and sales are expected to increase significantly since the i-gate line, while we also find that companies have reduced the number of high-priced products since this year by upgrading the series of liquor dealers, reducing the number of pow-barrel dealers, and the non-standard distribution channels.
In the case of a relatively limited share of products such as tigers, the real average price may be less than the average price of a company ' s direct channel (the average price of a direct channel bottle in 2022 amounted to $2229 per bottle (including taxes) and a retail guide price of $1935 per bottle), so we believe that this year ' s rapid growth in direct camp channels is mainly a volume increase, while wholesale channels may receive both volume and price.
As a result of accelerated straight-up, partial non-targeting to direct-camp channels, the Maori rate is expected to rise, and with the direct-campation space in industry models, clear corporate leadership, strong dominance of the main industry, and rapid growth of the second curve, we look forward to a long-term improvement in corporate performance as the direct-camp ratio continues to rise. We expect the company to perform well in the future.
Relative valuation: We have selected 15 white wine listing companies as comparable companies, with an average of 36 times the average of 2022e and 31 times the average of 2022. Lower than industry averages. Absolute valuation: corporate cash flows are robust and growing, and we use equity fcfe valuation methods as a basis.
Risk-free interest rates of 2 per cent, risk premiums of 7 per cent, semi-reflective forecasts of 10 per cent growth (8 years), sustained growth, 1. Risks of policy regulation: the white wine industry tends to be in the “wind” of policy, successive consumption taxes, the “triple public consumption” policy of 2013 have had some impact on industry, and there is still a risk of white wine being controlled by the country in the future.
2. Production increases may fall short of expectations: the company ' s current limited production and relatively slow rate of increase, a significant portion of its performance is due mainly to a ton price increase, and if future production is affected, there are still risks to future companies,3 food safety: white wine plasticizers, the Shanxishaw fake liquor case, etc., all contribute to the demand of the industry for the year.
Impacts may still have greater impact on performance if the quality of a future industry leader or the company’s own product is affected.4 Risks to brand reputations: brand reputations have been the cornerstone of the company’s long-term development and may have a greater impact on the company’s product prices and sales in the future if they have an impact on the company’s reputation as a result of accidental events.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.