For the first time, Kweichowmooutai (600519/ch) in Guizhou was covered: two wheel drive for both the pot and the series of wines, with the active marketing of the promotion camp as opposed to the mootaliquorandseriesliquardouble-wheeldriven, and the actualmarketing toencedirectchannels:initiation
The white wine industry is still in the adjustment cycle and the industry's inventory will continue to reach 1q23-0.
2q23. Demand is weak, and the epidemic has repeatedly caused business, receptions, ceremonial scenes to be lost, along the same lines, increasing pressure in the 4q22 and 1q23 industries, as reflected in the recent improvement of the price belts for the main products of the liquor industry, and the two-wheel drive of the mahogany and the series of wines.
The price increases are difficult, the price increases are insufficient, and the demand for non-suppliers and straight-up increases supports growth. The increases in the series of wines are derived from the release of strategic products from each price belt, which is worth hundreds of millions of dollars, and the future of Hanzai as a strategic monolith from the $500 to $1,000 price belt may be resource-intensive.
Slashed, and accompanied by continued price increases and robust growth of the Prince Maotai and the Welcomer. The “Five Together” marketing method promotes active marketing + digital integration, raises the direct camp ratio, and drives the average price and profit rate to keep moving up.
One of the important channels for launching and upgrading the camp is the sale and booking of nine liquor products, six puppies, and three series. We expect the ipot to earn $12-13 billion a year, about 10% of the total, and make a larger contribution to the product.
Liquor (500ml) and Maoding 1935 (500ml). To benefit from the direct camping line at the i-pot, we expect to increase the average price and profit rate by 37% year-round.
Question. The gap in the marketing of Maoutai wine (which was due to be sold annually four years ago) has emerged since 2018, with the largest gap in 2019 (with a shortfall of more than 25 per cent), and the decline in 2021, facing the problem of insufficient capacity to support the rapid release of products at various prices.
We expect that the shortfall in the supply of the previously under-built 42,000 tons of liquor will be fully addressed once the production of the series is ready. (2) Weak demand and industry-to-industry stocking put the white wine industry in the adjustment cycle; 3)
25.9xpe, suggest a low profile. For the first time, we covered the "better than the big city" of Yuanyuanku in Guizhou.