Channel Perspectives on Growth: A Review of the History of Channel Change and Prospects for Future Direct Sales Development
Under the safeguards, the exploration and development of the Maotai direct marketing model is always at the forefront of the industry. By combing the traffic from 1998 onwards, it can be seen that the process of change has been at the forefront of the industry in terms of flattened, straight-up, and straight-up to consumers.
In 2011, the market began to grow. Since 2018, the s0980520110001 has been growing in line with the rising trend in the consumption of white wine.
In March 2022, the launch of the i-Kayata platform marked a further expansion of the system, and opened a new chapter to face up to consumers. At this point, the construction of the i-Kayata system has been improved.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price Powder channels are profitable, and the rising direct sales ratio is an important means for companies to recover profits and achieve performance growth without offering plant prices. In recent years, Powdo wholesale agent revenues have increased.
Limited, on the one hand, the increase in the volume of Maotai and herbs is limited to a certain extent by productive capacity, and on the other hand, the increase in the price of Mao Dai needs to take into account market realities, take into account multiple factors and balance multiple interests; therefore, the direct sales ratio has become an important engine for profit from recovery channels, boost up the price of tons, and boost performance growth.
In our view, direct sales are still expected to continue at a high rate in the future, when the company’s strong branding power, very high profit margins, a better system of direct sales also secures a steady increase in the direct sales of bottled and serial liquor, with a long-term perspective of about 50 per cent.
Direct distribution contribution elasticity: We expect to rely on straight sales in the future, without price increases, to guarantee double-digit growth in corporate income. From the most conservative perspective (not taking into account price increases/ product structure upgrades/ series increases in direct distribution channels), we consider only the future increase in bottled liquor.
Most of them are in direct sales channels, which measure the share of simple direct sales over the next three years.
High-priced products, such as wine and puppies, continue to be sold, the price increases for the main single items are possible, flying to "Stable Growth in the Middle East (600519.sh)-3 Quarterly, with a strong record of performance " , more products such as the puppies, or more; and to go online on the poo platform, companies will have greater income and profit elasticity.
The company is the king of the white wine industry in China, brand values are prominent, and long-term increases are made.
It's a great potential, and it's a great variety of bottom-silo configurations. Given the structural upgrading of the company's products, we're very small.
How does the powerful brand power of Shanghai be formed? This is the contribution of the power of the poo channel. So, how does the history of the poo channel continue to evolve and optimize so as to support the poo's ability to create the powerful brand power of today? This is a detailed review and summary of the change of poo channel to history, with a view to answering this question.
With strong brand power, Mao Dai’s channel change has been at the forefront of the industry in terms of flattening, straight-up, and straight-up to consumers, and can be said to be a pioneer and an example of industry-channel change. In recent years, rising direct access has been one of the major contributions to the performance growth of the hut, so the plant has not been proposed directly.
How much more performance can be achieved in the future by increasing the direct-camp ratio? — which has been one of the central concerns of the market and will be discussed and measured in detail in this paper.1 The channel structure: wholesale agents are the main, and the share of direct sales is increasing.
1.1 Structure of the marketing organization: eight major subsidiaries, Maotai and series of wines operate independently.
The Maotai Import & Export Company in Guizhou, which currently has import and export companies and the Mautai Paris Trading Company in charge of the overseas sale of the Mautai and the series of wine, holds shares of 70% and 100% respectively. 2 By 2000, Mao Dai’s domestic business was expanding, for which reason you set up the Guizhou Mautai Liquor Marketing Company, which is responsible for the domestic sale of the Mautai wine.
More than 30 self-owned companies under the Maotai national self-employed system, with 95 per cent of the shares. 3 In 2013, Mao Dai established the State Liquor Mau Tai Custom Marketing Company, which is responsible for customizing sales for large enterprises, with 70 per cent of the shares of the company. 4 In 2014, in order to promote the development of a series of wines, Mao Dai set up the Mautai Liquor Camp in Guizhou.
Sales company, responsible for the domestic sale of the sauna series (outside Rao) with a 100 per cent share in the company; 5 In the same year, the Leathu industry of Guizhou was established to handle the domestic sale of the lyau, with a 43 per cent share in the company; 6 also in the same year, the Beijing Friendship Messenger Business and Trade company was established to handle the domestic electric power provider and commercial super-channels.
The sale of alcohol has a 70 per cent share in the company.7 In addition, the Maotai Group Finance Corporation was established in 2013 to finance and support the company in the Mao Tai Group system, which currently holds 56.04 per cent of the shares.
The company, which is responsible for the sale of the poo wine, and the company, which is responsible for the sale of the series of wines outside the pow. In 2022, after the reorganization of the wine and water business under the banner of the Maotai group, the wine and water produced by the two companies were clearly labeled “Mau sauce, shares” and “Mautai family, group products” operated by the health-care liquor company under the banner of the Maotai group.
1.2 Channel structure split into five channels: traditional distribution, direct distribution, and ka electrician, supported by strong brand power, with strong voice and control over the channel, is the dominant model of the factory.
The distribution channels are diverse, mainly flat regional wholesale agents, supported by direct sales by companies, including traditional distribution channels, direct distribution channels, ka and external power lines, the Maotai group and the Liquor Brigades, and export channels. It is worth noting that corporate finance classifies channels into direct sales and wholesale channels.
In the 2020 newspaper, direct sales were explicitly identified as self-employment channels, while wholesale agents included social distributors, supermarkets, electricity dealers, the Maotai Group and the Liquor Brigades.
Figure 4: Proportion of the main sources of liquor sales (%1) Traditional distribution channels: sales outlets consist mainly of regional general distributors, contractual distributors (generally quotad at dozens of tons, mostly 5-20 tons) and about 1,300 specialized stores
As the most traditional distribution channel in the white industry, the distribution channel is the most important channel for Maotai, with the largest share of sales. Before 2018, the distribution channel of the company was about 70-80%, and after 2018, it was coupled with the clean-up of the distribution channel.
The share of sales has declined gradually, but it still accounts for the largest share. We measure the total quota for the sale of the poo liquor from the traditional distribution channels in 2022 at about 17,000 tons, which accounts for about two points in the company’s role: 1) co-creation of markets: distributors with their own customer funds.
Source helps companies open markets, make brand names, maintain customers; 2) Risk sharing: White wine industry generally uses pre-paid settlements, and distributors share a share of sales risks while providing stable cash flows to companies.
This is demonstrated by the control of the original distribution quotas, the control and voice of the distributors, the high level of advance payments in the industry and the high cash flow. 2) Direct distribution channels (toc): Direct sales outlets include direct-line stores (about 36 throughout the country).
The annual quota is about 10-30 tons, group buying channels (to major group clients) and direct sales platforms (i.e., self-employed power suppliers; Maotai). Mao Dai started to establish a direct camp system in 2012 by establishing fully-funded self-employed companies in the municipalities and provincial capitals. Some 36 direct shops are now operating throughout the country.
Since 2018, the company has been expanding its direct sales channels, locking in the distribution channels, drinking quotas, and directing most of the increase to direct sales channels. We've measured the volume of direct sales, which is close to 6000 tons, or about 15% +. Direct sales have become an important growth engine for the company’s performance, driving direct sales.
A 37 per cent share of corporate direct sales revenue is expected to rise further in the future. 3) Ka and external power provider channels: Ka and external suppliers are the main sellers of national (e.g., Great Rush, United States, etc.), regional (e.g., Kyoto, Skycat, etc.), mostly in the collection.
Since 2018, the company has been working on ka and external power lines, and by the end of 2020 it has been cooperating with 68 suppliers. According to our calculations, at present, Ka and external power suppliers are spending about 5,000-6,000 tons of pottery wine, or more than 15% of the pottery.
The role of external power suppliers is mainly in: 1) upgrading brand image: ka and external power providers can be used to project brand image; 2) setting price poles: ka and external power providers can be retailed to guide consumers of direct-priced terminals, reducing the channel chain and better helping companies to set price labels.
(c) Increasing profitability: Ka and external power channels are more expensive than traditional distribution channels, and Ka and external power channels are better sold than they are to some extent higher, increasing corporate profitability and increasing corporate performance.
4) The Maotai Group and the Liquor Brigade integration channel: Maotai is the backbone of State-owned enterprises in Guizhou and the Guizhou economy