Yeung Hoong Gou, the mouths of the two rivers are fully operational, opening up new growth along the river's new energy sources
The company published its annual report for 2021, which generated an operating income of $1,263 million for the year as a whole.
In 2021, all four units of Yang Quan and five out of six units of the two estuaries were put into production (an additional one was put into production in March 2022). The company ' s share-loading machine reached 34.63gw (excluding energy from the three isthmus and medium-wide nuclear wind power, equal to +17.6 per cent) and the equity-loading machine reached
Leung Yonan, Expanding the New Energy Sector: Completion of the acquisition of 20% and 71% of Yuda's shareholdings by Shinkoguchi Corporation, and expansion of quality hydropower projects: the Silver River hydroelectric plant in Jinsha River is moving ahead faster than expected.
In 2021, the company increased its gross operating income by $232 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly because of an increase of $224 million in the annual earnings of subsidiaries; a decrease of $74,275 million in the net profits of mothers on a year-on-year basis.
This is due to a reduction of $50.72 million in net profits on a year-on-year basis as a result of the management of the Inzong Sea dam of the subsidiary Tan Bay River, and a decrease of $17,289.94 million in net profits on the disposal of current assets of the subsidiary Kaoyang electric power, and $3,335.0 million in investment returns, an increase of $25 million on a year-on-year basis.
In the first quarter of 2022, corporate revenue fell by US$ 39 million by the same year, mainly because of the subsidiary, the Inzong Sea Dam, which was managed by the Tan Wan River, with current operating income declining by US$ 51 million compared to the same period last year; and the net return on maternity decreased by US$ 89 million by the same year, mainly because of the lower return on investment.
207.2 million yuan, the second resulting in a reduction in total profits due to the management of the Inzong Sea dam of the Tian Wan River subsidiary $39.448 million less and the third representing an increase of $30.177 million in the financial costs of the parent company on a year-on-year basis.
In 2021, the company sales rate was 41.91 per cent, a decline of 4.61 percentage points in the same year, mainly due to a decline of 4.55 percentage points in the power sector: net operating cash flows were relatively deep by 300 percentage points.
547 million yuan, representing an increase of 38.04 per cent in the same year, mainly due to the increase in cash received by the subsidiary from the current period of operation. The net operating cash flow in 2022 was 110 million yuan. The increase was 254.8 per cent in the same year.
In March 2022, the last of the two estuaries came into operation, and six of the two estuaries began to produce electricity. The two estuaries are the middle- and upper-stream escalator power station, with the highest capacity in the Yagi River basin.
Large reservoirs, with a total capacity of 10.8 billion cubic metres, can generate 22.5 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of electricity from low- and middle-lying hydroelectric plants, without increasing material inputs.
The construction of the new Yakuza power plant is progressing in an orderly manner. The Mondigull, Kara hydroelectric plant is currently under construction, with a total installation of 3.42gw, which is expected to be operational in the course of the fifteen-five-year period. According to the short-term plan of Yakyong River Hydroelectric Company, 4-5 main midstream elevator power stations (including those already built) will be built by 2030.
In 2030, the total installed aircraft reached more than 23gw, with 20% of the new Yagi River energy project expected to break through. It was proposed in the Sichuan 14th Energy Development Plan to accelerate the development of wind power and solar power.
Electricity, planning for the construction of water development bases for integrated renewable energy sources in the upper, lower, Yakang, upper and upper rivers of the Yakuza River.
In the company’s annual report, it is mentioned that Yakang is steadily promoting wind power along the river, photovoltaic power lines for M & A, and that it has acquired Rabah, Dechang County, after successful M & A.
The approval of the Mountain Wind and Light Project and the establishment of the Yagi River Salt Source New Energy Company Limited to develop new sources of energy in Salt County are expected to lead to a breakthrough along the river, which will further boost corporate investment gains and become a new performance growth point.
It is expected that Yagi River will open up new growth space along the river’s new energy lines, with water coming at the end of the 14th century below expectations: electricity prices on the Internet will drop: new energy projects will not expand as expected: inadequate capacity will lead to an increase in water discards.
(i) Corporate financial forecasting table: Taumong, graduated from China Mining University (Beijing) and has more than 10 years of experience in industrial research and long-term work in environmentally friendly public use and upstream and downstream industrial chains. Used to work in civil securities, Pacific securities, and joined China’s Galaxy securities in January 2022.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.