Sinjishan Evidence, Hale Jishu (600,690.sh) The company's competitive edge in the country has expanded and overseas operations are about to harvest.
The revenue was 56,845 million yuan, an increase of 8.1 per cent over the same period; the net profit returned to the mother at the time was 3,798 million yuan, and the firm's competitive advantage in the country increased steadily, with Cassarty's market share rising steadily in the first half of the year.
Intelligent household business income of 57.460 billion yuan, an increase of 29.9 per cent over the same period the previous year; operating profits of 3.87 billion yuan, an increase of 50.1 per cent over the same period; the company ' s competitive advantage in the domestic market has been further expanded and end-user capacity and transformation efficiency has been enhanced through the development of digital platforms and operating systems.
Market data: Industry shares continued to rise on August 30, 2021. High-end brand Cassarty continued to expand its leadership advantage in the industry, with revenue growing by 74.4% in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year, and its share in high-end markets refrigerators, washing machines, empty ones.
The highest/lowest share in the year: the retail share of the equivalent category is ranked first. Of these, the share of Casatian refrigerators is 13.9 per cent.
(+2.6 pct); Casatian share of cooking power 2.6% (+1.1 pct); Casatian air conditioner (Handing) market value (millions): Sardinian gas heater has expanded by three digits. Underline market, Casatian refrigerators, air conditioners, air conditioners, etc.
The average price of washing machines is two to three times that of the industry.
In the first half of the year, the company achieved 56,916 million yuan in sales earnings from overseas markets, up from the same period in the previous year.
cfa 5.7% (+2.4pct) with continued increase in profitability beyond average industry surrogates. company optimizes product structure, reduces efficiency gains and steadily improves profitability (1) Māori &
Net interest rate: In the context of a significant increase in the cost of raw materials and spare parts, the company will do so by optimizing the product structure of ITC, 28a, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, raising the share of high-end products, improving supply chain efficiency and disposing of low Maori operations
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, the Central Sea country, 28 Sinlyze Street, absorbs cost pressures and has a significant effect. The overall Māori sales rate and net interest rates of the company have risen to the 7th floor of the Center, respectively.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has shown a downward trend in cost rates, benefiting from the operational efficiency and cost-investment efficiency of Hale Wise Organization \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.