Event: Corporate launch of 2021a stock options scheme to move towards corporate performance \triangleright
Hale Jiist (600690) and the key player in long-term development, 400 people, granted 51 million stock options, representing 0.543 per cent of the company's total shares at the time of the announcement of this incentive plan, with a per share price.
21-yeara equity equity incentive scheme evaluation target: 1) for the first time, a portion of 5 options \triangleright requires a 30 per cent increase in the 21-year net return profit compared to the 20-year adjustment, i.e., a 30 per cent increase in the return net profit per year.
In 21 years, the net return profit increased by 39.42 per cent +; in 22 years, the net return profit increased by 15 per cent over the same period, 23 - if awarded in 21 years, the target set for partial review is the same as the first award, if 21 years
Long-term performance objectives are clear, and high standards highlight confidence in business development. In May 2021, the company released a +h shareholding scheme, under which the equity appraisal requirements resulted in a 35.13% increase in net profit returns from 21 to 22 years and 10.51% for equity equity.
a Equity Incentives are more ambitious and have a longer period of evaluation than the SIP. The stock incentivizations focus on senior managers, core technicians, and provide incentives through long-term benefit binding.
High-end brands, scenes, eco-brand strategies, Hale's leading industry. The company insists on 3in1 \triangleright ground-made brands that are global through a variety of brands such as Casati, cnady, fisher&paykel.
High-end home-based electrical layouts, which have been consolidated for many years, have steadily increased the size and profitability of the company's overseas market. Domestically, in the first half of the year, Heir's retail-scale lead industry achieved the first share of ice boxes, washing machines, water heaters, freezers, refrigerators, washing machines, water heaters, etc. During the 618 campaign period.
The increase in the sale of freezers was 55%, 41%, 116% and 43%, respectively, with Kassati's high-end refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, and air conditioners in the top of the 10,000 or more categories. Three-wing birds have gone through the wind, and wisers have gone even further.
A set-up, scenario-based approach that digs deep into user values and promotes intelligent living. There are now more than 1,000 experience centres in the country, and 800 overseas experience centres serving consumers around the world. As of 2021h1, the three-wing landscape has served 183 million families, the scene months.
The number of interactions went up to 240 million. We believe that three-wing birds provide more of the company's multi-brand depth report: yes, the future can be expected to be a new boost to the company's business.
A thousand years is a long time, three wings are a time for the wind. Heil Jijit: Staff Holdings Continues, Incentives Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposals: Hal as a domestic electric flagship, 12 years in a row.
In the long run, corporate globalization has improved, profit levels have increased steadily, and three-wing birds have further deepened corporate wisdom as a scene brand.
Board; 21-year equity incentive scheme reflects companies' interest in a sustainable high rate of growth over the next five years,
Two-degree M.A. in Fusion & Management, less than expected, less widespread distribution of tp-link/scenario products, high exchange rate fluctuations, recurrent overseas epidemics leading to inadequate export demand.
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.