High performance target + long-term review period, governance improvement expected to gradually realize the 2021a Equity Incentives Plan of Hale Jiist (600690)a.
Incentives were granted to 51 million equity options, representing about 0.543% of the company’s shares at the time of this incentive announcement. The first stock options and reserved stock options granted by the incentive plan are valued at $25.99. The incentive target is broad.
For the first time, the incentive scheme is awarded to 400 people, and is a key player in the overall performance and long-term development of the company, including, inter alia, company directors, senior managers, industry general managers and department managers. The incentive set aside is to be determined by consideration of the incentive plan at the shareholders’ meeting.
To promote broad coverage of core staff, the initiative to improve internal governance after the privatization of the Hale appliances has been steadily established. Compared with the trend of Deep 300, the Unit has demonstrated long-term confidence in the company’s long-term development by achieving high performance targets plus long-term performance.
\triangleright The first stock options performance appraisals awarded by this incentive plan include, among other things: 1) the company ' s net return profit in 2021.
A good bottom-up role also highlights the firm’s full confidence in long-term development. Multi-brand operations + a two-wheel drive of globalization, forward-looking layouts of companies moving into harvest, domestic, extensive coverage of various guest groups by brands such as Haile, Commander-in-Chief, Cassarty, and so forth.
On the overseas side, companies have adopted localized business strategies for brand acquisition such as aqua, Candy, etc., the overseas market has steadily arrived, with 2021q1 battalion revenues + 24.6%, operating profit rates +2.0% to 4.6%, and there is still considerable room for profitability in the long run.
Industry demand has fallen short of expectations, prices of raw materials have fluctuated significantly, competition patterns have intensified, and Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, has served in the National Economic and Social Council, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of National Trade, the China Sindha Trust Investment Corporation, and the Chinese Galaxy Securities Corporation.