Hale Jiist (600690) Household appliances High-end + Globalization + Digitisation, Full Profiting, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company published its semi-annual report for 2021, with H1 generating $111.62 billion in 2021, an increase of 16.6 per cent compared to the corresponding increase in 16.6 per cent, excluding the effects of dissociation from the Karos and Nissan logistics operations, an increase of 27.2 per cent compared to the same increase; net profit of 6.85 billion yuan corresponding to an increase of 146.4 per cent compared to the same increase; net profit of non-retroactivity to the mother
Kassati’s share continues to grow, leading to higher-end market growth. In the Chinese market, Kassati’s revenue grew by 74.4 per cent over the same period, with Casaté’s revenue from the sale of air conditioning/cooking/heat waterers increasing by 124.6 per cent, and 164.5 per cent/87.6 per cent over the same period.
The share of the best products is maintained at the top of the list, and the share of the cooking and electricity categories has also increased. According to the data from Mid-Ekang, in the first half of the year 2021, in terms of retail sales below the line, the first share of the Kasati brand washing machines, refrigerators and air conditioners was increased by 1.1 pp and 4.2 pp, respectively. In the United States, the market share of cooking power, water heaters, etc.
High-end brand revenues, such as profile and monogram, are growing rapidly. We believe that this is the company’s long-term layout, the harvest period for high-end brands. In terms of current market ownership, Casati has developed a stronger efficiency in digital transformation and higher profitability.
In the context of the sharp rise, the company ' s Māori rate has not increased inversely, with the combined Māori rate rising by 2.1 pp to 30.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Rates of sales and management costs have fallen by 1.6 pp/0.7 pp on the same scale. Cost optimization is mainly due to the company's continuing digital transformation, focusing on digital platform projects such as “digitized direct sellers”, “digitized service providers”, “digitized supply chains” and optimizing organizational efficiency and cost-investment efficiency.
During the reporting period, the net interest rate of the company was 6.2 per cent, an increase of 2.4 pp over the same period, while the growth in overseas markets continued to be high, with a marked increase in profit margins. The company’s overseas operations realized sales revenue of 56.92 billion yuan, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the same period; operating profits of 32.20 billion yuan, an increase of 113.4 per cent over the same period; and operating profitability was high.
Initiating cards that meet the needs of different user groups through seven major brands, with high-end product arrays and continuous user experience; (2) capturing online channels and digital marketing trends, continuously increasing sales over the line, shaping negative competitive advantages; and (3) insisting on home-grown business systems to improve global supply chain layout and upgrading
By the end of June, 382 three-wing shop 001 have been built, enabling material builders to install 1600 market contacts.
In the first six months, companies increased their sales capacity by 39% over the same period by introducing services such as house-wide cleaning, re-engineering, custom-made home appliances, and so on. In terms of access, the company’s electricity channels continued to grow rapidly. According to Ovi cloud monitoring data, the company’s online retail sales were 32.9 billion, or 41%.
Top-of-the-line market share is ranked number 1. The company’s down-the-line exclusive channel benefits from the capacity of the platform that the company has built in the past through a master-down system, a barter digitalization tool, and, in the face of the challenge of weak growth under the industry line, Paul Haile’s think-tank (600690): enhanced equity incentives.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals. Taking into account high-end companies and the gradual entry of globalization strategies into the harvest period, Heir Jitsi (600690): Kathati’s share continues to be raised, multiple layouts enter the harvest period (2021-03-31)
Hale Jie (600690): Explicit efforts at home and abroad, with an increase in the number of multi-goods municipalities (2020-10-30) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.