LanthyTechnology (300433.sz)
Lancet announced its performance forecast for 2017, which is expected to realize a net profit of 20,46~23.47 million won, an increase of 70~95% over the year, attributable to shareholders in listed companies. Non-recurring gains and losses are net for the current period.
In 2017, the company’s output grew considerably over the same period of the previous year, and is expected to be higher since the market. There are three main reasons for the significant increase in corporate profitability:
The production of many new products has increased significantly in terms of the market share of the major clients.2 The additional capacity of the company’s new production base and part of the new production site has become operational, with the development of a large volume of smart pre-phone and rear-lided glass products for major clients.3 With new equipment, new processes, new technologies, etc.
The same 12% increase, resulting in a net profit of $754 million, a 35% increase over the previous 35% increase. Thus, the company accounts for 169% to 255%, which is higher than the one-season profit since the first three quarters of the fourth quarter.
The trend is that the bulk of the main products rises in prices, and in the trend of wireless charging and 5g, the metal backboards will be replaced by materials such as glass, ceramics, etc. Glasses are better at good rates, cost, and capacity, and are therefore the preferred option for the current generation.
The iPhone backboard has returned to glass material, and it is expected that other competitors will follow up quickly in 2018, which will lead to an increase in the volume of deliveries. amoled displays fast penetration of screens in smartphones. 3d glass matches amoled softness.
And 3d glass is more difficult to process at a price of 3-5 times the price of 2.5d glass. Billion dollars. 3d glass backboard, 3d glass sheet market size 11.6 billion yuan in 2017.
(300433) One-season innovation is high and positive, building a one-stop service platform, and companies issue $4.8 billion in debt-transferable funds for consumer electronics visual glass construction.
The company already has mature sapphire crystals, equipment, sapphire production, whole-chain manufacturing capacity for back-processing, precision ceramic embryos, manufacturing, scalding, back-stage processing, bulk production capacity for 3d curved glass, and precision metal knots.
The company has recently worked with Japan to enhance its capabilities in the field of touch control. The company has enhanced its overall competition through the creation of a one-stop service platform.
LanthyTech is the leading global consumer of electronic-protected glass. In the face of rising prices for major products, firms are expanding production capacity and investment in research and development, while expanding new business to create one-stop uniforms, glass backboards are not growing as expected; 3d glass is not growing as expected; and industry competition is increasing.
Wang Fenghua: Master's degree at the People's University of China and currently the Executive Director of the United Securities Institute. For 20 years, in the area of sellers' research, the author of the sales team of the Institute for the Study of Civil Securities has been either qualified or qualified in securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association and has ensured that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.