Embrace the wave of optical science, and the cos of big powers, the semiconductor column report (x) Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
In 2019, according to statistics, the size of the global market was $16.54 billion. Considering the impact of the new coronary epidemic, pessimistic assumptions, we predict that we're going to be able to make a difference.
The cis still has a positive growth in its output, and it's more than expected. High-end cis values account for about 50% of the camera set, Māori rate is about 40%, technical barriers are high, only Sony, Samsung, luxury devices have a design capability of 48 m or more, and competition is good.
▪ Technology leads, Howie advances into high-end markets, deep-dry, technological innovations. Howell grinds the product line, makes it new, reduces the ratio of lower-end to lower-end products, focuses on higher-value-added high-end products.
The high-end products of gs, scg, etc. and cos technology will significantly improve night-time imaging quality, increase quantum efficiency, and have a clear competitive advantage over competing products in terms of image, size, power, etc. The high-end products of ov48b/48c/64b/64c will significantly increase the value of Howell's cell phone cis single machine.
We are predicting that mobile phone cameras will grow at a rate of 9.89 per cent, 25.13 per cent, and 12.74 per cent in 2020-2022, and that high larceny will drive the cis towards large sizes.
asp upswings or exceeding expectations. The demand for adas vehicle-borne cameras is increasing. According to Xujiang data, hundreds of millions, idcs are projected to be 305 million in 2022, xis sales will reach $2 billion in 2023, with a compound annual growth rate of 19.5 per cent.
▪ Strong demand, i. Design and distribution side by side, i. Technology-based distribution better meets customer demand.
After the acquisition of synapticstddi, the company cos chip, touch and display drive chip, design, technical distribution, four major business customers have a high degree of overlap. The company ' s supply chain management system is well developed, close to major global semiconductor suppliers, major domestic module manufacturers and end-users.
Co-operation, perfect multi-operational synergy. 1. Huaanian Securities — Electronic Industries — Large Power Robust. Semiconductor Series II: Mobile Phone Cis Reverse Growth
2. Huaann Securities-E-Community - Large Power Robust. Optical Department Report (I): Mobile Phone Modules have multiplied their negative growth, covering for the first time the rating given to companies for “buy-in”.
Cellular sales have declined more than expected; more penetration than expected; increased competition in the cis industry. 1 x-ray career with a huge rise in performance and sailing
1.1 History: Expeditions, expansion of business plans. In 2007, Weir semiconductor was established to design and sell tvs, mosfet, electricity, etc. Companies are expanding their business plans through investments, acquisitions, etc. In 2019, companies acquired Howe, Beijing.
So far, the company has become the world’s third largest cis manufacturer, the head of the country’s cis. Howie was a core Apple camera supplier, with technology ahead of Sony and Samsung.
The iPhone 4 phone in Bu was the first to use a back-to-back sensor for Howeov5642. Diagram 1 has a history that, since its listing, has been favoured by the capital market, and stock prices have been on the rise for a long time.
After entering the market, the company planned a major asset restructuring exercise in the field of cis design. After successfully entering the cis-optic yellow gold track, the company, in combination with its semiconductor distribution advantage, extended its internal outreach to achieve high performance growth. In 2019, the company registered an increase of 40.51 per cent in revenue and a net return to the mother increased by 221.1 per cent in net profit.
1.2 Technologies: Deep-farming, technological innovation, and companies' interest in technology. The technology R & D sector (r&d) is the most central sector, with R & D workers accounting for more than 50% after restructuring, and company R & D costs are growing at a higher rate than revenue growth.
R & D base: 5 major R & D bases located in Shanghai, Tokyo, Singapore, Oslo, Silicon Valley. Number of patents: global number of patents increased from 3190 in 2016 to more than 3957 in 2019. R & D personnel: The 2019 report shows 1,476 R & D personnel, or 51.52 per cent of the total workforce.
R & D costs: In 2019, R & D costs amounted to 1,282 million yuan and R & D investments amounted to 9.43 per cent of Bida. Howell technology has been working deep since 1995 in the fields of image sensors, signal processing, optical and projection technology, and has gradually developed high-quality products in mobile phones, computers, security, vehicle, medical, ar, vr, etc.
Companies finely grind product lines, create new ones, reduce the proportion of low-end products, and focus on higher-end products with higher technological value added. The product pixels have been upgraded, and only Sony, Samsung, and Howie have mobile phones in the world today.
In September 2019, the Howell Group continued its technological innovation with the design capabilities of the Cis of pixels above 48m, back-to-back speed portal image sensor og01a. The og01a image sensor combines the Purecelplus pixel technology with nyxel's near-infrared infrared technology.
(nir) Technology to improve product performance. Its 2.2um pixels and superior near-infrared light performances provide excellent images of consumer and industrial applications. In March 2020, Howe technology released nyxel2 (second generation night eagle technology).
The wavelength near-infrared image volume is 50% efficient, breaking industry records. By increasing sensitivity, the technique captures images with higher resolution and further distances, and is important for surveillance systems, autopilot surveillance systems, and sensors under the screen of mobile devices.
In April 2020, Howe-Tech launched the world ' s first 0.7um, 64 million pixels, and 1/2 inches of image sensors. The image sensor enables advanced static image capture, excellent video recording of 4k, and video recording of 30fps. The thin size makes it a better choice for high-end mainstream smartphones.
In June 2020, HowieTech published the first global car observation camera image sensor with 140dbhdr and high-quality led scintillation inhibitors. The first image sensor is a vehicle image sensor that can reach the 1920x1280 resolution at the highest frame/second rate of 60 frames.
Figure 5 Technical Milestones, Howie Technologies, Spico Electronics.
1.3 Finance: Deep-rooted, sustained growth in performance The company's main business is divided into semiconductor product design and semiconductor product distribution. In 2019, the company's semiconductor design business income as a percentage of the principal business income rose to 83.56 per cent.
The operations are divided into two main product systems, image sensors and other semiconductor devices, which generate 71.74 per cent of annual operating income. Howell Beijing is the third largest supplier of cis worldwide, with high customer resources. With & 64 million pixels, Howie is about to make a performance out of it.
Other semiconductor devices: mainly separation devices (tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.), power managementic (charger, ldo, switch, dc-dc, led backlight drive, etc.), radio frequency devices and products such as ic, satellite live chip, mems microphone sensors, etc.
In the context of ongoing trade frictions between China and the United States, companies capture the rapid development of home-grown chips, and have made significant efforts to develop potential customers in other semiconductors. The synergies between semiconductor design and distribution operations are evident.
One, with a mature technical support team and a well-developed supply chain management system, is working closely with major global semiconductor providers, domestic module manufacturers, and end-users. In 2019, companies completed and listed, and net profits increased significantly.
In Kyung Haughey and Spico, operating income increased significantly to $13.63 billion, and the net profit from the mother increased to $466 million. The Māori rate rose steadily and was higher than the high-end cis ratio.
Core, increasing R & D inputs, which accounted for 9.43% in 2019. Increased R & D inputs drive companies to move towards higher and more valuable cis and narrow the gap between internationally recognized cis manufacturers.
Increases net profits. The three cost growth rates show the same trend as the growth rates of corporate revenue, with sales costs multiplied by 2 and extended M & A into Cis 2.1, Beijing Howie, Spico, and the Cis track.
2.1.1 Trade profile: The company has successfully acquired Haoway, Spico, and the source of information in Beijing, entering the cis gold track. In this transaction, Weir shares purchase 85.53% of the Beijing Howe stock held by 25 shareholders and 8 shareholders by issuing shares.
After the acquisition is completed,1 and the Beijing Haoway performance pledge parties together hold 68.82% of the Beijing haewe; the non-performance pledge holders together hold 16.71% of the Beijing haewe equity.
2. The share in the transaction of Sbioco committed parties totals 6.52 per cent; non-performance committed parties totals 35.75 per cent of the shares of Spico 3; performance committed parties totals 71.93 per cent of the sources; non-performance committed parties totals the sources of views
Performance promising parties committed to Beijing ' s low net profit deductions in 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Howell was a global firm dedicated to the development, production and marketing ofcis. In 2019, according to frost&sullivan data, the global cis market was 15.1% in terms of volume of goods.
Since its inception, Howie has adopted the Fables (no crystal circle) business model, focusing on the design and development of cis products. Corporate products have a significant competitive advantage in the areas of automobiles, security, medical care, and ar/vr.
2.1.2.2 Spico Spico is a company engaged in cis research and development and marketing. The company is mainly located in the lower and middle-level fields, and the main competitors are domestic cis manufacturers, such as Gicove, Biadeve, sharp core microelectronics, etc.
Core techniques are "superpixage" and "superimage". 2.2cis is an optical gold track.
2.2.1icis market space, high growth rate, high growth rate. According to frost&sullivan data, global cis volume in 2019 was 6.36 billion and market size reached $16.54 billion.
The growth of smartphones slowed down in 2019, but the growth of overdoses and high clearances is clear. Growth in global cis markets is expected to remain high in the future, reaching $9.11 billion in 2024 and $23.84 billion in market size.
From 13 million to 48 million pixels (not including 13 million) are used primarily for the head camera of the flagship mobile phone, with a higher rate of delivery. Mobile phone masters have been upgraded, with 13 million to 48 million pixels (not including 13 million), 110 million worldwide in 2014 and 1.06 billion in 2019.
2.2.2 Competition patterns in the global cis market, with mobile phones accounting for 73.0 per cent of the year, are the largest area of application. Automobiles, other consumer electronics, security, medical treatment are divided by 2-5 places.frast&sullivan projects that mobile phone cis sales accounted for 68.9 per cent of the cis industry in 2024.
Figure 182019: Distribution of the global cis export industry
According to tsr, the global market for cos image sensors was $15.9 billion in 2019. Of this, the Sony market was 45% in sales, ranked first in the industry, with a strong grip on high-end markets, the Three Stars market was 23%, and the Howie market was 8%.
Figure 20 Global cis patterns of competition (2019 calibre of delivery) Figure 21 Global cis patterns of competition (2019 calibre of sales) 2.2.3 cis values and high Maori rates
Pro+, the camera model is made up of 100 or more dollars. The camera module is the most expensive piece, and according to the Institute of Foresight Industries, the size of the chip is more than 50%.
Hdr, a combination of hardware and pixels, has a high technical barrier of over 40% for Mäori. Security cis and vehicle cis require night vision, snap, high resistance, high stability, price, and Mäori rates.
2.2.4 The high-end cis field is three-pronged, high-end cis is a top priority for major cis manufacturers. High-resolution cis, with high demand for manufacturer design, manufacturing capacity, and high technical barriers. Only Sony, Samsung and Hopper are currently the world's only ones.
Sony and Samsung use the idm model, with high-end cis design and manufacturing capabilities. Howie uses the fables model and specializes in cis design.
At present, major mobile phone manufacturers use 48 million and above pixels for their flagships. Flagships use Sonycis, and individual types like vivonex3 for three stars.
Howell has been actively restructuring his products to speed up high-end production. In 2017, Howge has taken the initiative to increase the ratio of high-end Chis (over 13 million pixels) products, gaining penetration in the mobile phone sector, entering the supply chain systems of companies such as Huayuan, Mi, Opo, and vivo to accelerate the evolution of high-end products.
The year 2020 will be the year for the full deployment of 48,644 million pixels after mid- and low-end machines, and it is expected that Howie will have an opportunity to catch up with the three stars, and that in 2020 he will be the technological pilot of 48,644 million cis, and Howie will advance to high-end markets.
3.1 Industry starts with 0.7um*64 million pixel cis resolution = cis area/single pixel site area.
In addition, the size of the cis that one shot can cover is capped, the size of the cis is too large to demand. As shown in the figure below, when the cis is too big to be covered, it produces a quadrant, the technology leads the competitor for three to six months. Howie first released 0.7 μm pixel size, 1/2" dimensions in the industry.
Sixty-four million pixel image sensor ov64b. ov64c, ov64b, with 64 million pixels of 0.8 m pixel size, 1/17" ov64b, reduced optical dimensions by more than 10%, reduced crystal round consumption, reduced requirements for lenses, reduced costs and technology for mobile phone manufacturers.
Lead advantage and cost advantage. It is difficult to achieve a smaller pixel size. As individual pixel sizes become smaller, the interpixel resistance diminishes, the photons are prone to intertwining between neighbouring pixels, influencing the color purity.
On March 9, 2020, Howie launched the nyxel2 night imaging technology. nyxelğ2 is the second generation of near-infrared (nir) technology of the Howie revolution, which is suitable for working in conditions of low to no ambient light.
The first generation of nyxel nighthawk technology was released two years ago, and the competitors are still not close to their abilities. Howell is now launching two generations of products to expand his lead.
On the basis of the first generation of technology, nyxel.32 has created a new record of quantum efficiency (qe) by increasing the thickness of silicon pieces and introducing deep-cell isolation (dti). The extension of dti solves the problem of pixels, while retaining the first generation of nyxelci technology at mtf levels, without affecting the dark current.
Diagram 29nyxel.52 Pixels structure map. In the invisible 940nm near-infrared spectrum, nyxel.12 senses increased by 25%, and in the almost invisible 850nm near-infrared spectrum, by 17%.
Like quality, greater image detection and further lowering of light source requirements, resulting in lower power consumption, 3.3-purecel platinum technology, making the colour more colorful, a flagship-class pixel technology using fsi, omnibsitm, omnibsi-2tm technology
The technique creates innovative pixel structures, including purecel-s, purecel-plus, and so on. The purecel technology is capable of reducing pixel jamming and noise under low light conditions, thereby obtaining more sharp images. At the same time, the low power and compact design of the technology are capable of meeting small camera size models.
Block wrapping requirements, with the effect of extending the life of the battery. Precels chip stacking technology divides the image arrays and processing functions of the purecel into two layers in order to achieve smaller chip sizes and additional functions.
By introducing the buried colour filter array (bcfa), the purecelula technology has significantly increased tolerance for the various angles of entry collected by light; by introducing dti isolation into the deep pit to achieve better tolerance of the main light angle (cra); and by introducing composite metal grids (cmg)
Technology, enabling the creation of barriers on silicon surfaces to increase pixel sensitivity and further reducing colour strings 3.4 omnicipixel3-gs.
It captures high-speed motion objects and does not create a space loss and achieves high-speed imaging. The technology is also equipped with near-infrared image detection capabilities that enable effective light imaging, which is now widely applied to cars, security surveillance and the ar/vr market.
Chart 33omniixel3-gs takes effects in high-speed conditions
Scg technology adapts the cis to extremely bright or dark environments and has excellent imaging effects. When light is weak, high conversion gains increase sensitivity and reduce output noise to achieve optimal albedo; when light is stronger, low conversion gains increase sensitivity to reach maximum PV capacity.
High- and low-conversion gain connections to achieve selective charge detection of the best reading path.
4 by wind, multi-factor pull-out, multi-consumption trends are clear, cellular cis volumes are up, multi-consortium penetration is up rapidly. With the benefit of innovations in cellular optical technology, multi-consumption waves will further boost cis.
According to Sigmaintell, the global smartphone camera supply and demand report, 76% of the world ' s smartphone back-to-back camera penetration was achieved in 2019. We counted the back-to-back cell phones released by major mainstream cell phone manufacturers in 2019 and the first four months of 2020.
The number of cameras. In 2019, 53.1 per cent of all major mainstream mobile phone manufacturers issued three cameras and 25.1 per cent of four. As of April 2020, 27.1 per cent of all major mainstream mobile phone manufacturers issued three cameras and 61 per cent of four cameras.
4.1.1 The supply of low-resolution cameras is tight, and because of the high rate of multiple penetration, the multi-channel model uses low-resolution cis to support the camera. 2m, 5m, 8m, 13m cis is in short supply and price increases. For example, 8 million images are used after realmex 50m
The market demand for 8m, 13m is high. Three stars, Sony’s main product, can be on the high-end cis scale, while the demand for 8m, 13m cameras, head chips, Howie, Hercules, Gkni, benefits when demand increases.
Thanks to demand pulls from multiple pictograms, pixel upgrades, multiple camera chip manufacturers have been facing supply and demand shortages since the first half of 2019, and catalytic cis prices have been rising. While large plants such as Sony, Howe, Gekkowi, and Three Stars have continued to increase their capacity, they are still unable to effectively meet market demand.
There is a clear trend towards purchasing and refilling stocks after the factory has resumed work, and the supply-demand relationship continues to be tight. 4.1.2 Estimates of the release period for smartphones.
In recent years, China has upgraded its hardware and software to take pictures of mobile phones, following up quickly on manufacturers such as Samsung, Apple, Oppo, Vivo, Mi. In 2019, all major mobile phone manufacturers introduced three cell phones.
We're very optimistic about three shots of rapid penetration. Considering that overall sales of mobile phones are slowing down in the future, multiple penetration continues to rise.
High-end cis can significantly improve the quality of photographs. Consumer demand and end-maker innovation resonant, promoting rapid penetration of high-end cis. The size and resolution of cis is increasing, and the value of cis is increasing.
The size of the C.I.S.C. is getting bigger. The size of the C.I.S.S. is increasing from 1/3.4 inches to 1.133 inches, as shown in the figure below, and the recent release of p. 40pro+ using the 1.1.28 inch of Sony's imx 700.
Since the advent of smart phones, the secondary master resolution has grown, from 2m, 5m, 8m to 12m, 13m, 16m, 20m to 24m, 32m, 48m, 64m. The latest 10pro, 3-star s20ultra, or even 108m cis, is more than 100 million pixels.
In the future, it is expected that the pixels of Andre's mobile phone cameras will continue to be upgraded. Yourle data show that in 2017, the average value of cellular cis singles (asp) was $3. We believe that, with the increase in multiple penetration, the high end of cellular cis, the high pixelization of cell phones, the rapid increase in tof penetration, cis.
The value of the cell phone cis single machine will be raised at a much higher rate or higher than Yole expected, and we're expecting more than $5 (free of fingerprints under optical screens) in 2020. The industrial chain research shows that Tof also has a price of $5 for fingerprints under cis and optical screens.
4.2 Smart drivers are on the rise, car-car-car-car-cis market size 4.2.1 Smart-drive-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-car-de-re-ve-re-ve-de-de-de-de-de-d-de-de-de-de-de-d-de-de-de-de-d-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-d-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-d-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-d-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
Carcam cameras are the basis for adas early warning, parking, etc., as a visual image processing system.
, the vehicle camera is an indispensable hardware for intelligent driving. Aadas increases the need for a vehicle camera every day. During phase 1-2, a single vehicle requires four or five vehicle cameras, and up to phase 1-4-l5, a single vehicle requires more than eight cameras.
Figure 49 Vehicle camera applications shows that, according to the big data of Xun, in 2019 there were about 250 million global loads of vehicle cameras, which are expected to reach 320 million in 2020 and 400 million in 2021.
4.2.2 The competitive pattern of the car-car-car-cis market, according to yole, in 2018, was ranked second in 22% of the global car-car-car-icis market by sales calibre. The main competitors are the Anselmi semiconductor (36%), Sony (10%) and others.
Figure 52 Global vehicle traffic pattern (sales cal. 2018) 4.2.3 Howell vehicle car carriage cis has a technical advantage. Car carriage cis has a higher requirement than normal cis in four areas:
1. The dynamic range is greater than 120 db, i.e., the brightness and lightness of the same scene is large; 2) the temperature range of the work is wide; 3) the requirements for low-performance conditions are high;
In 2005, Howe-Tech introduced his first vehicle with an image sensor, he developed his skills and accumulated his technical experience. There are now leading product solutions:
In April 2020, Howe launched the camera image sensor ox01e10 for entry-level cars. ox01e10 is smaller in size and lower in power (by more than 35 per cent) compared to similar devices. The product increases stability while reducing costs.
On May 19, 2020, Howie released the first car carrying nyxel nir near-infrared (nir) technology, image sensor ox03a2s, which works in a weak or even lightless environment within 2 metres of the vehicle. ox03a2s have 1/2.44 inches optical dimensions and a-csptm envelope volume.
On June 2, 2020, Howie released a global first with 140dbhdr and a high-quality led flash.
An energy-constrained car observation image sensor ox03c10. This cis can effectively reduce the transport of kinetic images and is the first car cis that can reach the 1920x1280p resolution at a maximum frame rate of 60 frames/s. Compared to the competition, ox03c10 is 25% less functional and the smallest in industry.
Figure 55ox03c10 Modular Chart 4.3 Nighthawk technological advantages are evident and security cis is growing steadily 4.3.1 secure cis market size
Global security video surveillance markets have continued to expand and have grown steadily in size. In 2017, 184 million shipments were made from global security sciss, with an estimated 305 million in 2022, with an annual compound growth of 11.95 per cent. The idc is expected to reach $2 billion in 2023, with a compound annual growth rate of 19.5 per cent.
China is the central market for global security video surveillance. According to statistics, in 2011-2016, the size of our video surveillance market grew from 29 billion yuan to 96.2 billion yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 27.1%, and our security market shifted from a zero to a quantitative to a qualitative direction.
4.3.2 Anti-cis market competition patterns, according to yole, 20 per cent of Howe-Tech's global security cos market, 20 per cent in 2018, measured in terms of volume of cargo.
The main competitors are internationally recognized manufacturers such as Stewy (32%), Sony (19%), Crystal Photovoltaic (16%). Figure 57 Global security cis competition patterns (2018 caliber)
Government tendering, procurement, and procurement are the largest applications of the security industry in the country. Government procurement projects, such as safe cities, smart traffic, and snowwork, account for more than half of security spending.
(b) Four problems that are prevalent in the current surveillance industry: difficulty in night cameras, red-eye exposure of cameras,
The night eagle's near-infrared technology continues to upgrade and significantly improves the performance of the near-infrared cos image sensors in machine visual and night vision applications without light.
Working in low-light environments, while meeting the need for image clarity and reduced power consumption. Howell is expected to use this technology to continue to strengthen cooperation with large clients in the security field, such as Heiconway, Da Hwa, etc.
Figure 60: Use of home-based cameras for company products 5 power enhancement, ic design distribution in parallel with 5.1ic design product variety
Currently, the company's semiconductor design operations are divided into two main product systems: image sensor products and other semiconductor device products. The company's most important image sensor product is the cos image sensor chip, which took over in 2019.
Image sensor operations include, in addition to cmos image sensor chips, silicon-based crystal projection showing chips (lcos), microimage module encapsulation (cameracubechip), specific-purpose integrated circuit products (asic).
Other semiconductor products of the company include, inter alia, separation devices (including tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.), power managementic (charger, ldo, switch, dc-dc, led backlight drive, etc.), radio frequency devices and product lines such as ic, satellite live chip, mems microphone sensors, etc.
5.2ic distribution, know-how, and know-your-customer semiconductor distribution operations are mainly for authorized agents. Companies mainly represent products of well-known semiconductor producers, such as Kwangbao, Matsumoto, Molex, Giants, and South Asia.
The distribution of technology helps to better meet customers’ needs. It is based on the performance of semiconductor components and downstream electronics.
On the one hand, Will can concentrate his own resources on the production of electronics and marketing; on the other hand, he can better understand the needs of his clients and enable the products developed under the company's R & D design business.
Technology-based distribution can better meet customers’ demand for electronics, and is the dominant trend in the semi-conductor component distribution industry. 5.3 Acquisitions of tddi operations and national production to replace new fronts
On April 14, 2020, Weir shares issued an announcement that a single chip liquid crystal touch control and display-driven integration chip operation (touchanddisplaydriver integration, tddi) would be acquired in the Asian area of synapticssincolporated, with a total transaction price of $120 million.
The target assets involved in the tddi business, which is being acquired, include all the product lines associated with the tddi business, related fixed assets (including photo masks, test equipment, tools, office supplies, etc.) and 84 patents and inventories of all business products on the date of transfer.
tddi is an integration of ttddi with the display drive, the tentacle and display function of the smartphone is controlled by two chips on its own, and tddi integrates the touch control with the display into a single chip. tddi has the advantage of having a simple structure and low cost compared to the traditional separation of ic with tddi. The tddi technology is gradually becoming a touch control area.
In March 2015, synaptics was the first manufacturer to propose a tddi touch chip. The first tddi production solution was launched by synaptics for mobile and tablet computers. In 2015-2017, synaptics took over tddi.
The world’s leading tddi firms are now affiliated, Duntai, Chixiang, Puri, Samsung, siliconworks, etc. In mainland China, the main producers are in the North, Transistor Technologies.
Figure 65 uses tddi's in-cell structure.
The market size of cellular cameras is estimated to be $115.92/145.91/16.721 billion in 2020-2022:
The forecast for cellular cis camp is shown in the following table: Carborne camera cis: The global load of car-borne cameras was 142.1551/16 million, with the City of Howe accounting for 36.6 per cent/38.71 per 45.63 per cent.
On a unit cost of $31, we expect 16.12/18.6/2263 million to be collected in 2020-2022.
Global security cameras delivered 2.7.297/327 million, the city of Howe accounted for 29.63 per cent and 35.4 per cent/33.67 per cent, and the security cameras of Howiean produced 0.8.105 per cent.
In 2019, the company's semiconductor distribution business received $2,235 million, or 8.32 per cent of the Māori rate.
For example, in text 1.3, the company has had good control over three cost rates in recent years, with the three rates controlled at 20% in 2019, and the biggest cost for the company is raw materials, the main material being crystals. The company uses the Fabless model to purchase nudity chips produced by crystal round workers. In recent years, the mills have been highly competitive, oversupplyed, and the Māori ratio has tended to prevail.
The encapsulation tests were intense and prices were falling.
The company’s main suppliers are highly competitive in their industries, and the company is a leading domestic semiconductor, with large harvests, bargaining power, and scale effects. On the whole, we expect that the company’s future costs will follow the revenue trends, remain stable, and the Māori rate will remain stable.
The sales of mobile phones have declined more than expected; the penetration rate is lower than expected; and the competition for mobile phones has intensified. Contact person: Zheng Jing, Master of Banking and Finance, University of Surrey, United Kingdom, three years of buyer research experience, and two years of company strategy and investment experience in listed companies.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.