Pan-simulation tap, Power + Power + Radio Frequency + Sensitivity. Pan-simulation tap manufacturer, 27/07 2020, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating.
Through a number of external mergers and acquisitions, Weir shares have become a national semiconductor design and distribution company for a wide array of power-based devices, power-ic, radio-frequency chips and cos sensors. In terms of functional correlation, because of the close relationship of "power devices" to "power-ic" and "sensors to signal chain products", Weir shares are a.
In 2019 and 2020q1, the same rate of increase was 243.9% and 427.94% respectively. We expect the simulation chip to start with a combination of radio frequency and power sources.
From the very beginning of its creation, Weir shares have grown deep into the power-ic sector and have become the national producer of the highest volume of consumer-type ldos; in January 2015, the company acquired the non-sino-medium-sum micro, and moved into the field of radio-frequency chips. Constrained by new product pushes, slowed out speed and operators adjusted the mainstream 3g model, and underperformed radio-frequency chip operations in 2016-2017.
With the continued development of emerging markets such as 5g, and the roll-out of new products, companies' power sources, radio frequency operations are expected to return to upward trends and high potential.
In September 2019, Weir's share achieved a merger of Howie Technology and Spico to the commos sensor race; and in April 2020, the company announced its intention to buy synaptics Asia tddi operations for $120 million, cutting into the human interaction area. As smartphone market branding became more visible, camera model manufacturers followed it.
It creates a clear trend towards integration and further boosts the acceleration of the market share of the cos image sensor towards the head of the enterprise. The three combinations of Howie (high-end cis), Spico (medium-low-end cis) and Kyung-hung Chi (distribution) give Weir a better distribution channel, product selection, and cost control, and help companies can be large.
Camera module manufacturers are working together more closely. Downstream demand is weak, generating demand pressure on the power source, and increased trade friction in the US and China has led to a steady expansion of the distribution industry,1 industrial layouts, and a significant increase in the volume of harvests.
1.1. Design, distribution and co-development, expansion of the industrial map by the marching cos sensors, expansion of the industrial map through foreign mergers and acquisitions: Weir shares were established in 2007 and initially focused on semiconductor design operations for products such as power separation devices and power-ic. In 2013, the company acquired the same controlled Hong Kong Hua Qing.
In August 2014 and January 2015, the company acquired Tae Hoon-hyun and Si-Nin-Pu Wei, respectively, adding satellite live and radio-frequency chips, and acquired giants with a strong push into the sensor track: on August 28, 2019, the company completed 85.5% of Howe's share of technology.
On April 15, 2020, the company announced its intention to buy the synaptics Asia tddi business for $120 million. (Because the source of the letter is a stock-holding company and holds Sbysby.)
Co 53.9% shares, so that Weir shares directly and indirectly hold 96.2% shares in Spico) three major design operations for the layout of the layout: through multiple external mergers and acquisitions, Weir shares achieves three business layouts of chip, coss sensor, power device. In the simulation of chips, there is a wide layout of the company ' s product.
Pan, mainly linear signal chain products, power management chips, radio-frequency chips, and satellite-live chips. In the cios sensor field, the subsidiary Spico and HowieTech co-opt low-end cos sensors have four core products of image module encapsulation, special integrated circuits, projection display chips and cossensor chips.
In terms of power devices, companies have developed long-term design, distribution synergies for voltage protection devices, Shortki, mosfet, and tripolar operations: semiconductor designers working on these two products often rely on better distribution channels because of the low concentration of downstream customers in the simulated chip, separateware market.
Hung Chi is the country’s leading semiconductor distributor, with a strong distribution system, and thus has a strong synergy in the semiconductor distribution and design of Weir’s shares. With Howie’s combination of technology, turnover has grown significantly: benefiting from continued external mergers and acquisitions, product overlaps, and customers.
Growth has led to a steady increase in the operating income of Weir shares in 2014-2018. With the significant increase in Howie technology and thought in September 2019, net return profits have been raised simultaneously: collection levels have increased significantly as a result of external mergers and acquisitions, with the return of q1 Weir shares increasing by 221.1% and 800.0%, respectively, at the same rate.
Due to the low Māori rate of cós sensor products, the Māori rate of company semiconductor design operations has fallen: the combined Chinese-American trade battle of 2019 led to a fall in semiconductor distribution operations, with a 76.5% increase in company cós sensor operations in 2019, due to the relatively small volume of product harvests, such as public simulators, power devices, etc.
Since the Māori ratio of the new M&A subsidiary, Howe Tech, was lower than the Māori rate of the original West Bank semiconductor design business, the Māori rate of the West Bank semiconductor design business declined. The Māori rate of the semiconductor distribution business declined significantly: downstream demand and purchasing behavior caused by trade frictions between China and the United States
Conservative effects: corporate semiconductor distribution operations decreased by 26.2 per cent in 2019 on a year-on-year basis, while the cost of the business was the same as in figure 6: semiconductor design, Māori ratio of distribution operations decreased in 2019.
Simulation chip maps that continue to expand: In the simulation chip track, Weir shares began to grow deep in the power-ic field and were the national producer with the largest volume of consumer-type ldo shipments; in August 2014 and January 2015, the company acquired the Beijing Tae Hoon Chi Heung and the non-synchronol emblem, respectively, to expand the simulation of the ic layout to satellite live chips and radio frequency.
In the chip area; in late 2016, the company set up a subsidiary, Shanghai Rock and Shanghai sorghum, and advanced the development of silicon products and broadband-carried chips, further widening the layout of the analog chip industry. The power-ic camp was growing steadily, and the demand for 5g booster radio frequency recovered: via the holding of new ldo, dc-dc
The company’s power-based operations continue to grow steadily, accounting for a major share of the simulation chip collection. They benefited from the continued growth of demand in emerging markets, such as 5g and the Internet, and from the re-emergence of radio frequency and microsensors.
In 2016-2017, the Māori rate for corporate power supply (Māori) continued to rise; as new products became obsolete, the proportion of low Māori products added to the product structure increased, and the Māori rate for corporate power source (Māori) fell in 2018-2019, at 31.9 per cent and 32.1 per cent, respectively, for radio frequency (RF), with the company ' s radio frequency (RF) production due to a change in the dominant 3g pattern by operators.
Hard to match, with the sale of old-age products, the company ' s radio frequency (RF) unit price and the Māori rate fell sharply in 2015-2017; with the success of the new RHF switch and the Lna product, the Māori rate for radio frequency (RF) recovered in 2018-2019, figure 10: Māori rate for power source (RF) is relatively stable in 2019
Figure 9: Average electricity supply (left: volume; right: unit price) Sourceic has a variety of product types, and emerging markets imply new opportunities: compared to standardized digital chips, the power sourceic market is characterized by a variety of types and relatively low entry barriers. Different functional groups for electronic devices are targeted.
So, when new markets, such as networking, wearing, etc., show new demands, domestic and international manufacturers will be in a relatively equal starting line.
Figure 11: Smart phones require multiple power sources, multiple new items, and 5g for radio frequency demand: close to 2018 multiple radio frequency switches and low noise magnification
Quantities will be achieved, and more new radio-frequency chips from Weir will be available, such as: tunner HF-moderator development, good progress, gpslna step testing phase, new process 5g radio frequency switch expected to be produced in 2020q2.
Spico + Howoway technology, low-middle-high-end cos sensors, full coverage, core camera module components, conversion of "light signal-simulation signal-digital signal": functionally, cos sensor chip is an integration of sensor components, analogue signal processing circuits and digital signal processing circuits, working from the original
Rationale: The light signal to be received by the sensor is converted to a telecom (simulating the signal), and the analogue circuits are used to create digital signals by magnifying them, modulating them, etc. The digital circuits are processed further.
The camera model manufacturer also created a clear trend towards integration, and further boosted the cos image sensor market by accelerating the concentration of its share towards the head business. The trio of Howie, Spico, and Kyung-hong-shik (saling out) gave Weir a better distribution channel, product selection, and cost control.
The division has been able to work more closely with large camera model manufacturers. Howell's technology collection is over $8 billion, and the mobile phone market is still in the main direction: it's $3.96 billion compared to Weir's share camp in 2018, influenced by Howie's technology, Spico, and 13.36 billion shares in 2019.
In terms of volume, the core business of Will shares has been transformed into a cosmopolitan sensor. Owing to the slowdown in the demand for smartphones, the share of Howiet technology in mobile phone applications has continued to fall, but it still exceeds 60%.
The intense competition, the low barriers to industry and the low Māori rate, characterized by the shift of Howeko in 2018 to direct procurement of low-end and low-end cos sensors directly to Spico for cost and value side considerations, contributed to a sharp increase in the sale of Sbisco mobile phone collar domain cos sensors.
The epidemic has forced the market for cos image sensors to shrink, and the long-term market will continue to improve: based on the projections of icinsights, the trend of multiple intakes and embedded applications of used dry smartphones has continued, with an annual growth rate of 16.9 per cent in the size of the cos image transfer from 2010 to 2019, but is affected by the new crown epidemic, which may be shrinking in 2020.
The size of the market fell to $17.8 billion; however, the trend of annual growth in the market for image sensors in cos continued from 2019 to 2014: according to yole, the number of cameras per smartphone will continue to grow, benefiting from the diversification of technological overlaps and functional demand.
Figure 20: The market for image sensors is expected to shrink in 2020 and the technology of image sensors will continue: as shown in figure 22, with the upgrading of visual algorithms, the gradual enhancement of driving techniques and the growing need for smart security, the use of cmos image sensors will increase.
In the emerging application landscape, the potential for development is very high. Figure 22: Cos sensor development space is wide. (1) Integrating consideration of Spico and Howie Technologies began in September 2019, with a table and a 2020 cos image transfer.
The sensor market is expected to contract, and the national production of components and components of domestic mobile phones is expected to accelerate. We believe that the global cos image transfer market will return rapidly in 2021-2022, driven by the continuing demand from emerging markets such as 5g, the Internet, and smart drivers.
(2) Benefiting from the accelerated national production replacement of power management chips, the superposition of corporate products in high-end cos image sensors, and ldo products in the off-the-shelf domain, we believe that corporate power management chip operations will remain (3) constrained by the slowdown in the roll-out of new products and the operator ' s adjustment to mainstream 3g, radio frequency chips 2016-2017
We believe that with the continued production of new radio frequency products, both the Māori rate and the rate of growth of the company ' s radio frequency and microsensor operations will be significantly improved, with 2020/2011/2022 radio frequency, a general simulation of the cios image sensor, power source ic, radio frequency chip and power device.
The capacitor. We think the cos image sensor market is a high-quality track that continues to expand, but, as the market share headline trend increases, the subsidiary Howetech, Spico or others will face greater competitive pressure. However, the company’s power management chips, radio-frequency chips, show a clear market orientation for mobile phones, and will become public.
Depending on the distribution channels available to the high-quality clients of Howe and Kyung-hung, the future Weir shares are expected to fly through multiple performance growth points. The valuation level has some valuation advantages compared to the average for semiconductor design.
(a) The risk of increased competition in the cmos image sensor market;
(b) Increased trade friction between Central America and the United States exposes the risk of pressure on distribution operations.