2024q3 has a second-higher income \triangleright \triangleright and a single-quarter business income. The company achieved a net return profit of $5.479 billion in the first three quarters of 2024.
RMB, +32.79 per cent, of which 2024q3 is the mother ' s net profit of $1,980 million, i.e. +53.54 per cent, ring ' s total profit for the first three quarters of the year was 473 million yuan, and 2) the end of the early year until the end of 2024q3 of the Taibarno industry ' s commitment to the remaining 24 per cent equity transfer in Futong, Beijing, resulted in a reduction of investment earnings of 212 million yuan.
In the first three quarters, total profits increased by +48.43 per cent. Corporate revenues and profits increased by the same year, mainly by: 1) companies increase their marketing efforts and promote higher incomes; 2) smart skyglasses, condensable glass, head-up glass, ultra-segregated glass, lightly quantified ultra-poor.
The share of high-value-added products such as plating, plating glass, steel-coated glass continues to rise; 3) as a car car glass industry head business, the volume price rises and the soaking effect continues to increase, leading to a further increase in profitability. 2024q3 Māori is 38.78%, compared to +2.47pt, ring + 1.05pt, Māori rises.
As a car glass leader, companies accounted for more than 70% of the domestic market in 2024, about 30% of the global market in the car glass industry, the world’s largest.
In China, the United States, Russia, Europe, etc., we now have more vertical controls in the floating glass, silica, etc., and high barriers make companies more profitable. In December 2023, to date, the company's two investments will result in the production of approximately 46.6 million m2 of car safety glass per year.
Smart electrodynamics drive a continuous upturn in the auto industry, thanks to the development of smart electrodynamics in the automobile industry.
(a) Tesla leads the trend of skyglasses, the penetration rate accelerates, the skyscreen glass significantly raises the size of the bicycle glass and thus raises the value of the bicycle attachments; the current average use of bicycle glass has risen to about 3.9-4.5m2, one-fold higher than the use of car glass in the 1950s
The company's strategic collaboration with Kyodong and Beidou intelligence in smart windows to strengthen the layout, the Hud glass, light glass, ultra-segregated glass, etc., has benefited from the industry's penetration rate, and the horizontal expansion of the sam operation continues to increase.
The sam main aluminium arithmetic products, which create synergies with the company’s car glass business, are now steadily moving forward in the process of sam integration, and we expect a gradual improvement in profitability. The aluminum arithmetic can be integrated with the carbs, in line with the client’s modularization and integrated purchasing trends, and the medium- and long-term integration sam is expected to contribute to a sustained increase.
Investment proposals: The global landscape of corporate globalization is in its harvest period, global city occupancy is expected to rise, high value added \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to research findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.