The performance of 2024q3 has continued to grow and the product structure has continued to optimize The Glossy Glass (600660) Tri-quarterly Report 2024: On 18 October, the Glow Glass issued its third-quarter report for 2024.
The price of raw materials has declined, and the share of high-value-added products in bicycles has continued to rise. Sustained efficiency gains have led to increased profitability.
The global concentration of the automotive glass industry is high, and the top four car glass firms together account for more than 80% of the market share, of which the glass is blessed.
First, the global market accounts for more than 30%. The glass has invested in a lot of overseas investments to build production lines to reduce losses and ensure the ability of globalization to deliver.
In 2023, the company produced 143 million square metres of glass, and invested in the Fertilizer Project and the Fujian Project, the capacity of which is expected to continue to improve. In recent years, with the motor vehicle “electricization, network integration, intelligence”
The trend towards “diversion, sharing” has seen an increase in the share of high-value-added products, such as smart panorama glass, head-up glass, and modifiable glass, in comparison with the same period in the previous year, with 4.82 pct, product structure being optimized and productasp being driven up.
Investment proposals: sustained corporate promotion of efficiency gains, enhanced supply levels and product quality, increased global market access, and continued product-asp exposure under the “new quadrupling” trend of automobiles; increased risk associated with market competition; alternative risks of technological upgrading; and insufficient progress in capacity-building
Anticipated risks; risks of policy change in overseas areas; risks of geopolitical events; and so on. “positive” investors are only suitable for use of “medium- and high-risk” studies at a risk level, and “radical” investors are suitable for use of the various categories of our Department who have their own securities investment advisory qualifications or considerable professional competence, in a diligent and professional manner, and are independently and objectively known.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.