Glossy glass (600660.0.sh): q3 is running at a steady rate of performance, winning industry, increasing profit margins, glossy glass (600660.0.sh)
Events: The company released its three-quarters report in 2024, which generated $28.31 billion in revenue in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters, and the long-term infusion effect is becoming more pronounced. The company achieved revenue in the first three quarters, which contributed $138 million in exchange gains and losses in the first three quarters, and contributed positively in the same period last year, as well as because of the fact that the company's performance in the first three quarters was significant.
The termination of equity transfers has reduced investment returns by $210 million on a par with the two above-mentioned effects, and the growth of companies has been due to the continuous rise in the share of high value added products, the strong position of the leader, the rainbow-sorting belt, the continuous rise in market shares, and the efficiency gains within the company.
The company ' s 2024q3 Māori ratio is 38.78%, compared to +2.47pt, the ring ratio +1.05pt, and the Māori rate rises mainly at pure alkali cost -3.11pt. Companies continue to innovate in research and development to promote value addition to their products, while at the same time contributing to scale.
According to the company’s announcement, the company plans to invest $3.25 billion in a car safety glass project in Fujian Fukugi.
The investment of $5.75 billion in auto safety glass (oem-backed market), auto parts glass (arg post-sale maintenance market) and quality floating glass projects, amounting to $9 billion, is expected to support the growth of the company’s capacity over the next few years.
The company continues to strengthen technological innovation, increase research and development inputs, promote product upgrading, high-additional value products such as light-quantifiable super-bullet glass, thermal insulation plating glass, ar-hud glass, etc/rfid/5g glass with an antenna on the web, super-observable intelligent panorama glass, etc.
Aluminium bars are about to be released and are expected to work with the main industry. The company started in 2019 and started with a major \triangleright.
The sam of the bauxite product is now well integrated, and the samoem order is put into production, which is expected to create synergies with the car glass business and increase its contribution to the company's long-term development.
Profit forecast: Fukuoka is the domestic car glass leader, and we're looking forward to the company's product upgrade, \triangleright cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The expansion of goods and the process of globalization have continued to expand market shares, raise value-added levels, and gain a robust growth rate in the industry in Beijing in 2024-2026.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, increased competition in industry, under-capacity building, etc. Gold Cow Award 2018 number 1, new wealth number 2 in 2020, and Xinbo 2020 number 4 core team member. Four years of experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automobile chain coverage, with emphasis on the Tesla chain, smart cars, autonomous brands.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as intelligence, new power, and so forth. Part of this report is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.