On October 18th, the Bank issued a 24q3 financial report. 24q1-3 generated $11,558 million.
Youy-12.6 per cent; mother ' s net profit of 39.730 million yuan, yoy+0.2 per cent; bad rate of 1.06 per cent; provision for marginal collection of crop yields; mother ' s net profit increases. 24q1-3 safe bank revenue, net return to mother \triangleright
More specifically, other non-interestable income remains the retail restructuring, with public credit at the end of the 24q3 bank. The total loan at the end of the 24q3 bank equals -1.2%, drops \triangleright.
The balance between the “quantity, price, quality” of the residual gold, credit cards, consumer loans and operating loan balances with relatively high risk, was down from 23 years late, and companies also focused more on the release of collateral-type products, at the end of 24q3 retail end.
The decline of 4bp, with a narrow margin. The downside of loan pricing remains the main pressure of narrow interest differentials, with 24q3 lending rates down by 14bp compared to 24q2, with retail lending rates falling during the transition process.
23bp. But the cost improvement at the end of the liability is clear, bringing a certain benefit to net interest spreads, with 24q3 liabilities down by 10bp compared to 24q2, with the cost of deposits down by 12bp. The asset quality as a whole is robust and the rate of bad.
\triangleright is a slight increase of 1 bp at the end of 24h1, with mortgages and poor operating loans at the end of 24h1 + 16bp, respectively
+21bp; credit card and consumer loan failure rates are higher than 24h1, respectively -6bp, -20bp, or benefit from a positive restructuring of credit, a strong wealth base, and 2024 investment proposals: structural adjustment, slow expansion, quantitative and qualitative progress towards a new balance.
Review: In the context of business restructuring, retail credit client groups have shifted to medium- and low-risk, with a strong focus on the balanced development of business quality and quantity in the short term in order to take on a new growth week with a healthier business base
At the same time, the slower pace of scale expansion reduces capital consumption, and the abundance of capital is either a follow-up figure \triangleright 2: net interest income as at 24q3 from the Silent Bank, with the same rate of increase (cumulative)
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.