Peace Bank (000001.sz): Retail operations 21 October 2024: On 18 October, Peace Bank published three-quarters of 2024, 3q24 was collected and pre-positioned
As of 2016, the Bank of Peace has been fully involved in retail banking, building smart retail banks, and promoting the dualization of companies’ banks. Integrated finance is a feature of the company.
The advantage is that companies rely on a large personal customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks and full-blown revenue collection, which continues to weigh on, and provide counter-bullying profits are growing.
The system of financial products provides a powerful nuclear end to the overall retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks: 3q24 safe bank revenue of 12.6 per cent and a net reduction of 0.4 pct from 1h24.
Interest income, middle-income pressure, and other non-interest income are the main support. In particular, 1 has been slowed down by the scale of expansion and has suffered from a narrow net interest spread, with net interest income corresponding to 20.6 per cent and a narrow ring to 1 pct. 2 Fees The downward sales of equity funds have continued to have an impact, with revenue from wealth management fees being equal to -39.2 per cent.3 Other non-interest income has been reduced by the same amount.
Cost end: Continuing to manage costs, reduce credit costs, and maintain positive growth in the net profit from anti-breeding. Firms continue to add to the cost of fine-tuning management, lower capital efficiency, 3q24 management costs equal to 9.8%, and cost-earnings are maintained at a lower level. Credit impairment losses are equal to -26.3%, and net profit increases are being made at the same time in the provision of counter-breeding.
At the end of September, the total assets of the Sino-Safe Bank increased by 4.2% and the ring slowed by 0.4pt. Of this, loans and financial investments were reduced by 1.2% and +18.4% respectively.
In the context of structural adjustment, financial assets, such as bonds, have been gradually increased. Of this amount, $10.66 billion has been added to public loans and $33.99 billion has been reduced in individual loans and notes discounts.
In the context of structural adjustment, the cost of the liability has improved continuously, and the net-rate gap has decreased by a narrow margin. The net-rate gap of the 3q24 Peace Bank is 1.93%, and the ring has fallen by 3bp. The net-rate gap of the q3 season is 1.87%.
The ring ratio fell by 4bp, with a narrow reduction (q2 ring down by 10bp), mainly as a result of the structural impact of high-risk retail loans with high-return earnings from the cost of indebtedness.
10bp. Of these, the interest rate ratio dropped by 12bp to 2.03%; the interest rate paid by companies, retail deposits and the effect of the downward adjustment of the prior-period interest rate continued to be released; on the other hand, the manual interest rate was adjusted to reduce the high-cost agreements, call deposits, etc.
A smooth banking transformation and restructuring, downside pressure on the asset end, and net interest differentials are still expected to remain under pressure. But the regulatory approach to commercial bank differentials is clear, deposit-end interest cuts are synchronized, and the expected cost of debt improvement is expected to accelerate and slow down the pressure on interest spreads.
At the end of September, the rate of non-performing bank loans was 1.06 per cent, a decline of 1 bp; the interest in loans was 1.97 per cent, an increase of 12 bp.
The net yield of non-performing loans after write-off was 2.14 per cent, a decline of 8bp from the ring ratio, an improvement in the marginality of the negative generation; a decrease of 13.1 to 251.2 per cent in the provision coverage ratio and an overall adequacy of the provision; a decrease of 1bp. Of this, the negative ratio of non-performing loans to public real estate was 1.34 per cent, an increase of 8bp from the negative balance
2 Retail: 1.43 per cent per loan and 1 bp per ring increase; mainly operating loans, poor mortgage lending, improved consumer loans, improved credit card asset quality ratios. Specifically, the housing mortgage loan deficit rose by 16 bp to 0.6 per cent, with an increase in the negative balance of 526 million; the business loan deficit ratio rose by 526 million
By 20bp, 6bp, the negative balance is reduced by 1,123 million and 755 million. In the future, as a package of policies to “stop and stabilize” the housing market has been scaled up, micro-enterprises have been left without repayment and risk is expected to improve over time.
Investment proposals: The company’s growth in the previous three quarters continued to be pressured by the weak industry climate and its strategic adjustment to its own business, and its net profit on the provision of anti-breeding remained positive.
Figure 3: The performance of the Bank of Peace 1h24 and 1 - 3q24 splits
Peace Bank (00001.sz): Retail operations are better structured, deposit costs are improving continuously - 3-quarterly review 2024. Figure 6: Bad loan rates of Peace Bank at the end of September decreased by 1 bp to 1.06%. Figure 7: Safe Bank coverage decreased by 13.1 pct to 251.2% at the end of September.
Table 1: Indicators related to the management of the wealth of the Bank of Peace, the source of the financial prosperity of the East, the source of the financial intelligence of the East.
Peace Bank (000001.sz): Retail operations are better structured, deposit costs are constantly improving - 3-quarter review in 2024
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bank of Peace (000001.sz): Retail operations are better structured, deposit costs are constantly improving - the three-quarter review in 2024 does not guarantee that the information and advice contained will not change. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.