The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which is based on the results of a series of events that have taken place in the past few years.
The same-year decline of 3.89 percentage points. The more robust growth in the income of the company 2019h1 and the sharper decline in the profit margin and net return was due mainly to the higher costs and costs associated with the acquisition of the German sam company in the first half of the year, which was still in the early stages of integration.
The domestic revenue from the car glass business of the company 2019h1 has fallen by about 10% over the same year. The company ' s car glass now accounts for about 66% of the domestic market, with relatively limited scope for upgrading, but it has benefited from a small annual increase in the use of the car glass compared to the asp (product average) and is expected to continue to grow at a faster rate than downstream vehicle production in the future: (1) single car
Increased use of glass: According to the Gear Automobile Institute, the average annual usage of bicycle glass has increased by 1.4 per cent over the past 10 years, and has now reached 5 square metres. With slashed windshields (a large tilt of the front windshield has increased the size of the ostrich) and accelerated penetration of panoramic skywind windows (an area of approximately 1 square metre), the use of single car glass has increased.
ii.asp uplift: company car glassasp has risen from high-value-added products such as $136.83/light glass in 2014, and the rest is expected to rise further.
Overseas revenue from the automotive glass business grew by about 20 per cent over the same period, at a significantly higher rate than domestic revenue: of this, Fukuyo’s US$ 1,911 million in operating income and a net profit of $148 million, all grew faster. It is planned that the company’s total overseas plant capacity will increase from the present 4.4 million units to 8.5 million units in the next two years, with a space for growth.
The company’s overseas revenues will continue to grow faster. The integration of German sam into the product category opens up new opportunities for growth.
Glass of Favour: The world's car is out of the sea, and the world's car is out of glass and the euro is buying the German sam company, which is in bankruptcy. Sam's annual output is about 280 million euros. The bankruptcy is mainly due to mismanagement, which led to a break in the money chain and a fire that burned down the production line, but it's in the area of aluminum bars.
Glass of Favour: Performance growth is robust, globalization strategy is sustainable, with global leadership in surface plating techniques and high value for the product bicycles. Sam is still in the early stages of business and capacity integration, leading to high costs and costs for companies. We expect to move forward with integration, sam.
Glossy glass: Performance growth is robust, exchange gains and equity revenues and profits are expected to improve gradually, and the integration of new business will bring new performance growth points for the company. Investment proposal: Without taking into account the increased costs and costs of integrating sam, the company as a whole will remain relatively stable.
Glass of Favour: A steady growth in performance, a weak core growth logic, the core growth logic of the future is: 1) a rapid increase in revenue from domestic car sales, based on the use of vehicle glass and an increase in the asp; 2) an increase in global urban coverage through overseas construction; and (3) horizontal growth
Glass of Favour: The loss of exchange has led to a decline in net profits throughout the year, while American factories have begun to lose the increase in profit contributions, first, incomes have remained robustly growing, and the sam integration began with a fall in net profits.
Revenue growth remained steady, and the sam integration began with a fall in net profits. The company issued its semi-annual report in 2019, 2019h1, with current operating income of $10,287 million, an increase of 2.00 per cent over the same period; the return to the mother ' s net profit of $1,506 million, a decrease of 19.43 per cent over the same year; and the gross profit of Māori fell by 5.90 percentage points over the same period: the net interest rate of 16.81 per cent, a decrease of 7.67 percentage points over the same period.
A more robust growth, a sharp decline in profit margins and net return on the part of the German company sam, which was acquired in the first half of the year, is still in the early stages of integration, with associated costs and higher costs. The plant is still on the slope, with better product rates to rise; on the other hand, the German sam, which was acquired in the first quarter, is still in the process of consolidation.
The related consolidation costs were higher at the beginning of the period, when the cost rates for sales, management and financial costs for the company 2019h1 were 6.73 per cent and 13.57 per cent respectively, as a result of changes in exchange gains and losses and increased financial costs associated with the acquisition of sam.
II. Domestic revenue growth slowed, but was still faster than downstream vehicle production, which increased by 12.1232 million vehicles in the 2019h1 country, a 13.7 per cent decline in the same year, of which 9.978,000 vehicles were used, a 15.8 per cent decline in the same year, with the company ' s domestic revenue from car glass operations measured at 2019h1 falling by about 10 per cent in the same year.
With about 66 per cent of the city, and with a relatively limited scope for upgrading, it is expected that domestic revenue will continue to grow faster than downstream vehicle production in the future, benefiting from a small annual increase in the use of bicycle glass compared to the rest of the world (average product prices): the use of panoramic skylights and slashed windshields will drive the continued increase in the use of bicycle glass.
With the upgrading of glass manufacturing technology and consumer demand for driving experience and functionality, the use of bicycle glass has increased by 1.4 per cent over the past 10 years, and has now reached a five-millimeter mark. With the expansion of the windshield (the front windshield's tilt angle has increased the size of the Bolivia) and the extension of panoramic skywind windows (approximately 1 m2), the use of bicycle glass will remain one in the future.
The high-value-added glass ratio will further boost the company’s productasp. The company is continuing to drive car glass towards safety, energy-efficient environment, smart integration, heat insulation, sound insulation, upshowing, radiable, ultraviolet, aversion to water, solar energy, etc.
The share of high-value-added products, such as modularization, continued to rise, accounting for 1.67 percentage points over the same period last year. The demand for high-value-added car glass will increase further as domestic consumption accelerates.
This growth is expected to contribute to the continued upturn in corporate productsasp. Table 1: Corporate high-value-added glass product layout (hud)
The way the car data reflect on the windshield allows the driver to see the data without looking at it. Low-e glass plats the car glass with the low-e membrane, prevents the sun from remitting heat to the car, reduces the impact of sunlight on the temperature in the vehicle and reduces the heat consumption of air conditioning.
Changes in glass transparency, based on outdoor light, are in the form of electro-variant colour (ec) and liquid crystal display (lc), which reduces the affinity of water and glass by treating or changing the microstructure of the glass surface.
The radio glass (the antenna glass) integrates the antennas of the vehicle's radio into the glass, using a double or multilayered glass, which serves as an insulation.
Soundproof glass, insulation/infrared glass, use of pvb film clips that absorb infrared in the middle of the glass to reduce heat in the car.
It can remove the fog and ice from the glass surface and ensure a clear horizon. Three, the heating glass, the US, the Russian plant can be released gradually, and income from overseas is growing rapidly.
In an effort to expand overseas markets, the company has been investing in plants in the United States since 2013 and has now established modern production bases and business institutions in countries such as the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan and the Republic of Korea, as well as six design centres in Central and China, with about 26,000 employees worldwide.
Figure 8: Global global revenues are growing rapidly and rising in the future.
According to the company’s network of officials, Fukuyo’s share in the global car glass market is only about 25%, and there is much room for improvement in overseas markets. With the gradual release of US and Russian plant capacity, overseas revenues are expected to grow faster.
The current operating income is RMB 1,911 million, with net profits of RMB 148 million, all growing faster. In the next two years, it is planned that the company will invest in China and Ghana.
In January 2019, the company acquired the German company Sam, which is in liquidation for 58,821.76 million euros. The company ' s main product, the aluminum accoutrements, sold about 280 million euros annually, owned 11 factories in Germany and Mexico, employed more than 1900 people worldwide, with major clients including the general public, the Porsche, the BMW, and others.
Benz, General, Masrati, psa, Volvo, and other world-renowned car companies. Sam has more than 100 patents in the area of aluminum bars, and does not fade from year to year. Only three European companies with similar technologies, Dura, Wickaway, and Sam, are now in the early stages of integration.
Income and profits are expected to improve gradually, and the integration of new operations will bring new performance growth points for companies.
Without taking into account the increased costs and costs of integrating sam, the company as a whole is still relatively robust, and its core growth in the future is based on the logic of: 1) the growth of revenue faster than the domestic increase in automobile sales, based on the use of car glass and the upgrading of the asp; the sharp decline in domestic automobile sales; the slower than expected release of overseas plant capacity; and the less than expected progress in the sam integration.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data