The Trailing Company brings in new investors, smart manufacturing battles, January 23, 2016.
Tsang-hung has introduced new investors, and 65 million yuan has been restored to the track with 9.1% of the shares, and has pledged to assist in gaining access to the Suzhou, Shenzhen, beyond latitude.
After the replenishment is completed, the technology and the horse builder will be held separately.
With 45.45% of the shares in the longitude track, HSBC technology remains in physical control of the longitude orbit through board seating arrangements, and the longitude track continues to be included in the HSBC technology convergence and reporting.
Resources and capabilities to facilitate the successful acquisition of at least one complete towed system order in the combined two years of the longitude orbit in 2017-2018 for urban subway tenders in China (other than Suzhou, Shenzhen) and, in the event that the above-mentioned commitments are not fulfilled, the technology of the sinks,
The three parties agreed to transfer 9.1 per cent of the holdings of the latitude orbital shares to the original holders of the latitude orbit or to repurchase them by the latitude or orbit, and to transfer or repurchase them at a price of $65 million, which is paid in cash.
The company’s railway operations are concentrated in Suzhou, and the Shenzhen subway project is being actively pursued. With its strong industrial resources and experience, it is possible to achieve breakthroughs in other areas.
It is more likely to get a follow-up order when a city is winning a bid. The track is now concentrated in Suzhou, and has been marked and implemented on Suzhou subway line 2 and extension lines, line 4 and line 3, while actively participating in the Shenzhen subway campaign.
Bill. After many years of farming in Shenzhen City, Hitchuan technology is expected to lead the breakthrough in Shenzhen by longitude orbit. The goal of the new investors introduced in the longitude orbit is in Suzhou, outside Shenzhen.
President, since 2008, President of Xianyang's Modern Orbital Transport Equipment Company Ltd. Shanghai Sea Battery Bow Manufacturing Company Ltd. produces more than 1,500 electric bows a year and, according to the company's website, their acceptances are on rails and light tracks in the country's major cities and abroad.
The railway system, which accounts for 70% of domestic subways, light tracks, vehicle loads, has been used in dozens of cities, including Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen, Nanjing.
Additional funding from the Smart Industries Fund will speed up the deployment of the intelligent manufacturing industry. The company announced in November 2015 that it would create a recruitment facility in collaboration with the Shenzhen Innovation Fund.
New Smart Equipment and Hardware Industries Investment Fund, Phase I, $310 million, with companies contributing $100 million. On 21 January 2017, the company issued an announcement that the name of the fund was changed.
Investment Fund for Innovative Smart Industries in Fushan City (limited partnership), general partnership