The company’s net profits increase less than the rate of the harvest is mainly due to two factors, one being the company’s production.
Changes in the structure of goods have led to a decrease in the combined Māori rate; and second, high levels of investment in research and development for new and emerging operations and higher administrative costs. Overall performance is in line with market expectations, with better collection structures.
\diamond offers, but in the area of downstream segmentation. Products such as servo systems, plc, general frequency changers, etc. have grown well in the context of industry growth generally. With downstream air pressure machines, vehicle air conditioners, textiles, lifts, etc.
The gradual recovery of demand for lithium power equipment, led, etc., and the urgent need to upgrade the manufacturing industry have led to good corporate automated business orders, sustained business expansion and sustainable expansion, so that elevator integration operations remain stable and foreign brands are expanding successfully.
\diamond’s share of more than 25% is a cornerstone of firm performance. Companies actively expand the Euro-American foreign elevator brand, largely compensating for the decline in the country’s new ladder market. At the same time, companies actively market the elevators after the elevators and upgrade them.
Some of the growth is largely dependent on the penetration of foreign elevator brands. New-energy motor power generation in 2016 was slightly less developed than expected, with new energy logistics vehicles in 2017 \diamond
This is expected to lead to faster growth. As a result of the delay in the introduction of industrial policies and the tightening of policies, the overall growth of new energy vehicles has been slower than expected in the past year.
There is more room for micro-drives, and last year’s orders are expected to last. Corporate logistics cars have more reserves and are expected to explode this year. New energy powered cars are always moving in an orderly way, domestic markets are expected to break down this year, and foreign markets are expected to break down next year.
\diamond acquired the entry qualifications and related technologies of the track business through the M&A acquisition of Jiangsu Latitude.
Building on the Suzhou metro market, the first to expand the Shenzhen metro market is not likely to expand the country-wide transhipment market.
In 2016, the company's orders were full, and the growth rate was expected to rise again in 2017. The company seized on industry opportunities, both manufacturing industry upgrades and new industry dynamics, and became a pilot in the area of industrial automation. The company's business pattern was good, and it had been underpinned by medium- and long-term hierarchization performance and business coverage.
Market space exceeds $100 billion. As the real demand for downstream manufacturing upgrades, and the penetration of subsectors, corporate performance will gradually release and continue to grow steadily. \diamond