Hitchon Technology (300124) Assessment Report General Automation Growth Over-expected, New Energy Motors Motion 26 February 2017
After a 22.05 per cent growth in the fourth quarter of the year, the growth rate was higher than in the third quarter, mainly public net profits were expected to increase by 10-30 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and company performance reports were in line with the market and with me.
The company’s overall Māori rate, which has remained stable in some of its products, has slightly decreased, and the increase in management costs has resulted more quickly in profit growth being lower than income growth, with a history of net profitability in the fourth quarter of the year being new and low, with major product structure and cost factors influenced.
The Māori rate of the main products, such as universal servers, new-energy automobiles and elevators, is more stable. Competition for new-energy automobiles is expected to decrease slightly, orbital traffic rates are relatively low. The Māori rate of the car towed system is expected to be 48 per cent for the company as a whole.
Around. In the fourth quarter, income growth picked up, but growth in total profits, operating profits, net profits slowed down, with better income growth mainly due to better growth of companies in generic automated operations, and better growth in new-energy auto power.
The record is new and low since the company was listed, before it was seen in the fourth quarter of 2012, with the highest share, on the other hand, owing mainly to the increase in company personnel and the significant increase in research and development investment in new energy vehicles, vehicles and industrial robots, resulting in administrative costs.
The demand for generic automation has continued to improve, with a steady increase in the significant market share of industry marketing, with higher expectations for 2017. The benefits of corporate general automation have improved downstream demand, with a marked increase since the third quarter of last year, with four seasons.
1. The third stage of equity incentives has fallen, and the positive development of new energy sources has continued to improve, with good momentum in the beginning of the year. Industry marketing by companies has continued to deepen, providing deeper solutions for a growing number of industries, with rising city occupancy rates far higher.
General-purpose frequency and universal-server growth is higher than expected and positive than the average industry growth rate.
The company’s earlier acquisition of Ning Boistton also saw a better growth in income.
More than 200 million. With the introduction of medium-sized plc, the competitiveness of controlled products continues to improve, with more than 100 million revenues expected last year, an increase of more than 40%, and we expect companies to grow 40% over the next two years.
New-energy auto power is expected to grow by 30% in 2016, companies are about to sell electric power plants, logistics cars, energy plates are generating revenues of $456 million, an increase of about 30% in the same year, and about 850 million in the year, an increase of more than 30% in the same year. In the area of new-energy passenger cars, companies sold only last year.
The share of the company's electrical products is now being tested and is expected to be sold this year, while the company's auxiliary power control system is better off at Wootoon's expansion to other passenger-car enterprises, although the new energy passenger-car industry grew in 2017.
It is not expected to be very high, but the company is expected to grow faster than the industry average. In the area of new energy logistics vehicles, only tens of millions of dollars were sold last year, owing to the late landing of the roll-out catalogues, the new energy logistics vehicles are expected to grow at a high rate this year, and the company logistics vehicles are expected to reach one.
In the area of automobiles, the company has worked with a number of whole cars, a completely new platform, a bulk sale of automobile power products is expected this year, and the company's total vehicle powering system is about to be launched, and it is expected to make a significant contribution in 2018. We expect the company to be new.
The engine block is expected to grow by 30-40% this year, with the possibility of exceeding expectations. The elevator unit business is expected to grow by about 8% last year, the company’s share of the city has continued to rise, the overseas stock has increased significantly, and the company’s elevator unit business has generated revenues of $711 million in the first three quarters of the year.
The company’s third largest business block. With more new construction last year, elevators are usually delayed for about a year after construction, the need for the elevators as a single machine is expected to be better this year.
Long, the new product has grown faster, and we expect that this year the company's one-stop elevator business will be introduced to new investors, with the prospect of a breakthrough in cities outside Suzhou, with a significant improvement in the Māori ratio after nationalization.
The company’s rail operations are concentrated in Suzhou, and the Shenzhen subway project is actively participating in the bidding process, hoping to make a breakthrough. In January this year, the company issued an announcement to introduce new investors to its subsidiaries, committing to at least a city subway tender in 2017-2018 outside Suzhou and Shenzhen.
Successfully obtained an order for a complete towed system. Since 2003, he has been the chairman of Shanghai Tianhai Electric Bow Manufacturing Company Ltd., which accounts for about 70% of domestic municipalities in the area of electric bows, performing in dozens of cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Shenzhen, Nanjing, etc., in rail traffic.
The wealth of resources and industrial experience accumulated in this area will help to upgrade their market opening capabilities by latitude. Companies continue to scale up their national production research and development efforts for the products of the orbital transport traction system, actively reducing the volume of production projects that continue to advance, and it is expected that the profitability of future turn-over operations will continue to increase.
Profit forecasting and valuation: we expect the net profit of shareholders in listed companies for the period 2016-2018 to be electric cars moving from buses to logistics cars, driving cars, taking into account the company ' s excellent strategic position in industry at 4.0 and increasing the total power of new energy vehicles and the investment of industrial robotics in research and development.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board