Short-term assessment of the performance of SWIFT technology (300124) Over-expected growth in generic automation products, new energy vehicles, pipelines ready to be released
eps (update) Xingsegawa technology released its 2016 performance report, with the company earning $3.660 billion in 2016, which is a higher-than-anticipated growth than growth in general-purpose automated products, and the midstream recovery is expected to continue.
Billion dollars, an increase of 19.73 per cent over the same period. Corporate orders for generic automation products have been growing steadily since the last three quarters, with more than 40 per cent increase projected for GFCM throughout 2016, more than 50 per cent increase for universal servers, and more than 40 per cent increase for plc. All three general automation operations have grown faster than industry, reflecting the company ' s presence.
In the future, it will continue to benefit from the increasing level of industrial automation and the trend towards import substitution of indigenous brands.
New energy power aggregates highlight the rapid expansion of the market. The new energy vehicle business has been on the ground throughout the year - about 1.08 billion revenues in 2016, 1227, an increase of about 30% compared to the previous year; Woo-tung has provided more than 25,000 electric controls throughout the year.
In the second half of 2016, a vehicle-driven platform landed in Suzhou, Pan Yongla.
With the introduction of strategic investors, it is hoped that this year the city of Shenzhen and Suzhou will get a complete underground towed order, which is expected to be confirmed in 2017.
Sun Jun Peng One elevator products remain stable and dedicated to downstream warming benefits. In 2016, single elevators maintained a steady growth rate of 7-8%, but Māori is expected to remain on par with last year due to a small decline in unit prices.
The main clients of the former company are still concentrated in national product branders, and the company is expected to enter a high-quality foreign branding supply chain as the client structure is optimized and brand influence continues to rise on the 19th floor of Deepfield International Building.
Companies in the Great Wall Swe S.A. Ltd. have import substitution capacity, and the occupancy rate of major customers continues to rise. Third-stage equity incentives are on the ground, and company development is on the move.
People, who account for 43.01% of the total number of equity incentives, represent a technology-based corporate culture in which research and development investment has been maintained for more than 10% of the revenue for many years. As home-grown industrial leaders, sustained investment in robotics, intellectuals, industrial Internet, etc., will provide strong support for the company’s future development.
We expect that, under the premise of a midstream recovery and the rapid growth of new-energy motor power control, the company’s current valuation is more balanced, but we continue to maintain its “buy-in” investment rating, given the company’s outlook for intelligent manufacturing and industrial Internet distribution.
In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index was defined as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;