HSIT (300124.sz) Rapid performance report for 2016 meets expectations; industrial automation operations are expected to accelerate; strong buy-in is maintained; HST released a short performance report for 2016 after closing on 24 February, with revenue/net profit being RMB
The implied income for the fourth quarter of 2016 is RMB 1,206 million, which is the same as the increase in sales management costs (including R & D) and the effect on net profit rates, from 2015 to 2015, based on our pre-existing upstream components for the main gbt supplier (convert/server/electric vehicle controller).
20-30% of market share) research and current trends, and the general frequency changer industry is expected to achieve it in the first half of this year, attesting to our view that the industrial automation (ia) operations of the SWI can accelerate growth, driven by improvements in China ' s manufacturing pmi index/capital spending since the 3-4 quarter of last year and benefiting from the presence of companies in the city.
In addition, despite investors' concerns about declining sales of electric buses and price-fixing pressures, the customers of electric buses seem to be predicting a low-digit increase in sales. In terms of R & D, the company announced an increase in the number of electronic car developers from 300 to 500 in 2017, which we believe may be possible.
This means that companies have new research and development objectives in the area of electric passenger cars. Woo-tung has taken more aggressive price-cutting measures because of the fall in subsidies for electric buses (we have been on the Asia-Pacific strong buy-in list since 2017).
For information, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
Hitchon Technology (300124.sz) Hitchon Technology (300124.sz)
I, Ducie, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the companies or their securities in question. Moreover, any portion of my salary is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our selection of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on investments in cash, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance problems facing the industry).
(a) Industry: China Jingjiang (a), China Tian Jian (a), China Tian Jian (a), China Chinese Ceng Jian (a), China Ceng Cha (a), Eastton, Liu, Lao People ' s Laser, Uniting, China Engineering and Technology, Trinity, New Timeda, Shantao, Segawa Technology, Machine Man, China Jing Jian Jian Jian (a). China Industry: China Jing Jian Jian (h), China Tung Jian Jian Jian (h), China Tung (h), China Construction International, China China Ceng Cha (h), Hai Tian International, China Ceng Jianh (h), China Tian International, China Jian Jianh (Lishh), Yongh, Yongh, Guangzhou Ceng Electric, China Ceng Cha Electric, China Ceng Cha (h)
In the next three months, Goldman Sachs expects to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies: Sinkkawa Technology (rmb21.79).
Corporate ratings, research industries and related definitions Manage investment lists in the region; however, the distribution of buy-in and sell-out ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Board.
Every study that has entered the list of investments or reiterated that it has been maintained on the list of investments is indicated. The historical fundamentals of the scope of the study and/or the valuation have fallen short of it.
Investment ratings and price targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. This information does not exist or does not apply (na): this information does not exist or does not apply.