Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) pick-up rate, lower return net profit rate.
Billion dollars, $6.42 billion, compared to 4q23 seasons +10.66%, +3.78%. Factors such as the decline in the share of tax-exempt assets, such as gold, throughout the year, have an impact on this.
The banker’s down-to-the-bank method of taking a market share compares the total loans of all a-stock listed banks from the beginning of the year to the end of the third quarter of 2024.
With 16.2% of Ningpo Bank in second place on the list, q4 is weak. The company’s position is strong, its client base is strong, and the scale is still in the lead.
A negative rate of 0.76 per cent at the bank in 2024aningpo, with eight consecutive quarterly round balances, maintains a robust asset quality. The provision covers 389.25 per cent, a decrease of 71.79 pcts (down from 3 q 24) compared to the end of 2023.
The Ningpo Bank has a strong market niche in the developed regions of the region. The core management team is stable, strategic communications efficient, corporate governance mechanisms difficult, profit recovery double speed, and valuation repairs.
The ability to diversify financial services is scarce, the ability to control the wind is strong, and the quality of assets is excellent. In 2024, total profits rose at a rate that hit the bottom, and the changes in the corporate environment, both internal and external, showed better operational resilience, and we expect a new round of fiscal and monetary policy.
With positive effects, Ningpo Bank will benefit from a further 3.2024 quarterly review of macro-basic repairs to meet basics and valuations, with a steady recovery in interest rate differentials, interest rate risk: continued downswings in market interest rates, increased competition for quality assets, and narrow interest differentials.
Market risk: The downside of macro and regional economies has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and a significant increase in negative outcomes. Business risk: less than expected economic growth and a sharp drop in financing demand have slowed credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.