In the first three quarters, the company achieved business income of $26.349 billion (+0.09 per cent).
At the end of September, the company ' s total assets were 16.75 trillion yuan (+9.34%, qoq). The net interest gap for the previous three quarters was 1.85%, a decline of 20bps compared to the previous three quarters. Credit and investment growth slowed at a marginal rate, and corporate assets led to a small recovery in total assets.
It is worth noting that corporate credit growth has remained a comparative advantage over the national average. Bill discounts have continued to increase more than in the previous year, consistent with the trend in other state-owned businesses, reflecting the firm’s initiative to increase its collection in a context of weak demand in order to keep credit stable.
On the investment side, or as a result of the restructuring of debt markets and investment strategies in late September, a small contraction in traded financial assets led to a slight slowdown in the pace of growth of investment. While credit and financial investment have slowed further, total asset size has increased at a smaller rate than q2 and is largely driven by industrial assets.
Loans are expected to expand; when mortgages are higher in companies and interest rates on stock housing loans fall, early repayments are significantly lower or more pronounced for individual loans. Under these positive factors, credit and financial investment growth pressures may be reduced.
As regards corporate deposits, the small weight of the deposit banks (the share of corporate deposits is only about 11 per cent) has enabled them to “crowd out” since that time, and the reserve returns to its normal pace (see figure 3).
Reserve Bank (601658): Savings agent has retained the cost advantage of deposits and the interest differential has been reduced by a narrow margin. q3 single-season interest differentials of 1.85% are measured, the ring ratio is reduced by 5bps, which is reduced by the same ratio, and the deposit reduction has a negative impact on the loan end.
24bps: Reflects, on the one hand, the impact of high pricing rates on lpr, stock-based housing loans, and, on the other hand, the recent government debt, The Postal Bank (601658): the increase in deposits has been greater, interest rates have been lower, and the share of low bonds in the bond portfolio has increased.
Quick, focus on savings agent optimization - 1.43% of companies, the same year down to about 11bps, mainly through interest-relief effects of multi-wheel deposits.
The savings structure has improved significantly since 2023 compared to other state-owned banks. Looking to the post-market market, there is a stronger position on the end of the debt – the public loan end, with demand-side pressure on interest rates or easing as the policy package unfolds.
The pressure comes mainly from the October stock housing loan interest rate and the repricing process after the downscaling of the lpr; the investment end, as the fiscal strength increases, is expected to ease the downward pressure on interest rates. At the end of the debt, in October, the Provident Bank followed other major banks to implement single maximum deposit cuts in recent years, and the effect of q3 to next year’s q1 savings will continue to be released.
q3 fees and net revenue from commissions have been reduced significantly, or mainly as a result of the dilution of the effects of “reports-in-one” and the apparent contraction of revenues from proxy insurance operations. Or as a result of the September debt boom and the adjustment of investment strategies, the return on investment + the gain/loss on fair value changes have been reversed by a similar increase.
>According to macro-environmental impacts, there has been a slight increase in asset quality pressure. q3 Postal Bank badness and concern rates continue to rise slightly (as shown in figure 7), mainly because of the expected rise in the incidence of poor personalized loans with industry (as shown in figure 8), reflecting an increase in business pressure from weak market players. The upward trend in risk in the residential sector has been more pronounced since this year, but due to a better customer base and lower than September
The policy package has been strong since early, and the risk of lending is expected to be manageable. In the public sector, the decline in poor rates in the manufacturing, leasing and commercial services sectors, real estate, etc. (as shown in figure 9) provides a sound asset quality base, wholesale retailing is not good enough to be affected by the rise in the environmental impact of the market, and the quality of corporate lending assets is expected to remain stable.
The effect of the savings agent reduction is reflected in the release of credit risk to space and performance elasticity. The new savings agent fee scheme landed at the end of September. On the basis of the 2023 proxy savings deposit, the adjusted combined rate fell to 1.08 per cent (as shown in figure 10) and the average net spread change rate per four rows. The new scheme was applied retroactively in the second half of 2024, so the savings agent reduction effect was q3
It should be more evident that the cost of driving single-season management increased by 4.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis (by about $2.2 billion on a year-on-year basis). To benefit from this, credit risk responses to spatial and performance elasticity released on time: q3 impairment losses increased by 53.54 per cent on a year-on-year basis (by about $1 billion on a year-on-year basis) and net return by 3.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis (by about $900 million on a year-on-year increase).
At the firm level, the reserve bank’s customer base is good, individual loan risk is manageable, and it is expected to continue operating reasonably well. The current valuation is at a historically low level, maintaining an “uptake” rating.
Figure 32024q3 Reserve Bank ' s additional deposits are returning to normal pace in billions of yuan, with a small drop in the single quarter of the Reserve Bank, with a narrow fall of the same year, and a small increase in the rate of concern for the Reserve Bank in the right axis: bps, 7204q3, with a slight increase in the rate of badness and concern, in %
Figure 9 Poor rates in the real estate, manufacturing, rental and commercial services industries of the Postal Bank, as well as in the wholesale and retail trades, per cent as a result of the implementation of the new scheme in figure 10, reduced the combined rate of savings agents of the Postal Bank to 1.08 per cent
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.