The focus on sound development and business resilience is growing.
Savings agent rate readjusted: based on the average daily deposit balance at the 2023 proxy point, the combined rate decreased by approximately 16bps, saving savings of $15.6 billion. After the rate adjustment programme was adopted, deposit advantage reserve bank operations developed rapidly: savings agent model helped reserve bank deposits
The market value of the liquiditya share (millions of dollars) has been growing at a high level. As of the end of June 2024, the deposit of the Postal Bank as a percentage of total liabilities showed a relatively deep 300 index.
The income contribution of individual banking continued to be high, with net inter-branch interest income contributing 80.8 per cent of the income collected by individual banks.
By the end of June 2024, loans to farmers amounted to $2.22 trillion, loans to inclusive micro-enterprises to $1.59 trillion, and individual micro-credit loans to individuals.
The quality of the assets as a whole remains stable: the rate of non-performing loans, interest rates, and overdue rates are lower than the average rate for major State-owned banks.
The rate of bad production is still low in the industry. The provision coverage is higher than the average level of State-owned businesses, the credit scale increases robustly, and the lending ratio is lower than the average for State-owned banks.
Science and technology investments remain high, enabling operations, management and wind control: in 2023, information and technology investments managed with a sound focus on structural optimization and efficiency improvements of 11,278 million yuan, an increase of 5.88 per cent, or 3.29 per cent of operating income, over the same period.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: taking into account the broader banking environment, and taking into account the characteristics of the Postal Bank itself. We believe that the cost advantage of the deposit by the Postal Bank is still expected to contribute to a stable performance.
The advantage of concessional finance, together with the continued layout, has helped to expand new credit, with relatively superior asset quality, and short-term or volatile retail loan risk. Looking ahead, retailing still has much room for excavation and potential adjustment of the rate of savings agent services.
In the long run, the large retail operations of the Postal Bank are based on the depth of existing large clients Risk factors: corporate strategic development is not advancing as expected; subject to the pressure of net capital regulation, size
The expansion is not as sustainable as expected; the downside of the asset end rate of return and the lack of end-of-liability cost controls affect the magnitude of the change in net interest differentials as expected; the continued improvement in asset quality is less than expected; and the adjustment of the savings agent rate.
The savings agent rate has been readjusted for the “self-employed + agency” operating model, which was agreed by the State Council and approved by the Chinese Banking Commission and which has been established by the Postal Bank since its inception in 2007
The operating model, which is a framework agreement between the Reserve Bank and the Postal Group for the commissioning of correspondent banking operations, shall have an indefinite duration subject to the requirements of the rules governing the listing of stocks or the exemption of related requirements.
By the end of 2023, the number of PBN points stood at 39.4 million, ranking first in the industry. Of these, 7685 were self-employed, 31,679 were proxy points, representing 80.5% of the total number of points.
Pursuant to the agreement, the Postal Bank entrusts the postal enterprise with the provision of deposit services, accounting services, proxy financial services and other services in the agency’s own currency.
Direct management. As a result of the above-mentioned cooperative relationships, the Postal Bank is required to pay agent fees to the postal enterprise, including savings agent fees, agent clearing, agent sales expenses, and other consolidated services received from the postal service.
During the year, in accordance with the framework agreement between the Postal Group and the Postal Bank for the commissioning of correspondent banking operations, the Postal Bank calculated and paid $11,49.24 million in savings agent fees to the Postal Group at fixed rates and slotting charges; income derived from brokering operations at the proxy point is first recognized by the Postal Bank and then paid to the post by the Postal Bank on the basis of who handled the operations and for whom.
Of this amount, $6.76 billion was spent on clearing operations and $12,873 million on sales and other commissions, respectively, which together accounted for 85.91 per cent of fees and commissions.
The deposit bank calculates the agent deposit agent fee paid to the Postal Group on the basis of a “fixed rate, slotting fee”, i.e. applying different savings agent rates to the split of savings deposits for different periods, and calculates the actual weighted average savings agent rate for deposits based on the slotting rate and the average daily balance of savings deposits per tranche (comprehensively).
Following consultations between the Postal Bank and the Postal Group in 2011, a “fixed rate, slotting fee” pricing model was introduced on the basis of a combined rate of 1.5 per cent of the initial savings agent fee, taking into account the weighted average net profit spread of the agent savings deposit in the history of the former Postal Bank, taking into account such factors as the combination of costs.
The savings agent rate is generally negatively related to the rate of interest paid on deposits due to the customer.
The combined rate per year is calculated on the basis of the current year’s slotting rate and the average daily balance of each deposit deposit. The combined rate has changed with the structure of the savings deposit by agent of the Postal Bank. Since the listing of the shares of the Postal Bank in 2016h, the adjustment of the combined rate from the savings agent fee has been divided between active and passive:
The active adjustment is divided into two categories: first, the slotting rate is adjusted on the basis of factors such as actual operating needs; second, if the annual combined rate is expected to exceed the combined rate ceiling due to changes in the agency savings deposit structure during the year, the adjustment to the combined rate ceiling is subject to decision-making procedures and the corresponding supplementary agreement.
Passive adjustment is when the interest rate environment changes significantly in the future, as in the case of commercial banks, agricultural banks, banks in China and construction banks, where the average net profit margin fluctuates up and down more than a percentage of the average net profit margin in the four major countries, 10 years before the latest passive adjustment in the fiscal year (including the year of the last passive adjustment)
For example, the Postal Bank and the Group shall consult within six months of the date on which they become aware of the occurrence of the situation to determine whether to adjust the combined rates, to adjust the slotting rates based on the adjusted combined rates and to implement the decision-making process.
On 30 March 2022, the performance announcement for the year 2021 was completed for the four major banks, with an average net profit spread of 1.86 per cent for the four major banks. The first interim shareholders meeting was considered and adopted by the Postal Bank, which adjusted the rate of the agent savings agent for the personal deposit operations of the renminbi and replaced the passive adjustment trigger. On 29 September 2022, the Postal Bank signed an attachment with the Postal Group.
In 2022, the Postal Bank, in consultation with the Postal Group, adjusted the rate of the personal deposit agent and replaced the passive adjustment trigger. The performance announcement for the four rows for 2023 was completed on 29 March 2024, with average net gains for the four rows.
The difference of 1.44 per cent is below the replacement passive adjustment floor of 1.64 per cent, triggering the passive adjustment again. Rate adjustments for this adjustment programme were higher than in 2022 and for call deposit agent rates were greater than time deposits, of which the call/notification deposit/dual deposit agent rates were reduced by 34bps/23bps/20bps, respectively, 3
Monthly/half-year/one-year/two-year/three-year deposit agent rates are reduced by 17bps/15bps/10bps/20bps/8bps, while the annual deposit agent rates remain zero.
1.4 Optimize the trigger conditions for the passive adjustment mechanism and enhance the application of the active adjustment mechanism. Previously, the passive adjustment mechanism had been linked to the four rows' average net profit margin for the last 10 years, with relatively late movements, and had not been able to respond in a timely manner to changes in the market environment. As a result of this adjustment, the passive adjustment mechanism had been changed to the four rows' average net profit margin for the last five years.
The letter-of-agent agreement also defines the proactive adjustment of the rate of the savings agent. In 2025 and beyond, the Postal Bank will strengthen the application of the active adjustment mechanism by conducting periodic assessments, taking into account factors such as changes in market interest rates, the real operating needs of the Post-Registration Bank, the increase in the cost of the savings agent and the increase in the income of the Postal Bank, as well as the postal collection.
The Mission has actively consulted to initiate proactive adjustments in due course. 2 Deposit advantages have contributed to the rapid development of the reserve bank operations. 2.1 deposit advantages are clear and cost better than industry.
By the end of June 2024, the savings agent model helped the savings bank to increase its deposits at a high level. The deposit of the bank had amounted to $14.87 trillion, or 11.8 per cent more than the previous year, representing 96.5 per cent of the total liability of the bank and 88.9 per cent of the deposits of individuals.
By the end of June 2024, the share of current deposits at the Postal Bank was only 27%, which is lower than the average of 38% of the State-owned banks. However, by the end of June 2024, the cost of deposits at the Postal Bank was only 1.48%, a low level in the entire listed bank.
The trend is that the volatility is relatively small, indicating that the overall control of deposit costs by the Postal Bank is relatively good. 2.2 The contribution of personal bank business income remains high, and the contribution of individual bank business income remains high at 0,2 as at the end of the year.
At the end of the year, individual bank revenues reached $24,971.5 billion, and individual bank revenues reached 72.9 per cent, up 2.8 percentage points from Biti. Of this, net interest earnings between branches contributed 80.8 per cent of the income collected by individual banks.
2.3 The advantage of deposits provides the basis for the development of financial and wealth-management-related operations Basic retailing operations, where, as individual deposits in counties and subdistricts account for nearly 70 per cent of the total individual deposits, the Postal Bank has taken advantage of the spring season season and key marketing nodes for food collection, increasing the exclusive supply of large stocks of key customers; and promoting generation and rearing.
Personal pension and wealth management operations. Agent savings deposits facilitate the growth of the number of personal clients and the size of the management of personal customer assets (aum), with about 69 per cent of active personal clients, 80 per cent of personal deposits and 78 per cent of personal clients aum coming from generations.
Finance. As of the end of June 2024, 665 million individual clients were served, aum.623 trillion yuan. In wealth management, 55.37 million vip clients and 562.45 million Fukuda clients. Of this, 68.6 per cent were active clients, 79.6 per cent were active clients, and 78.1 per cent were surrogate individual clients.
In terms of net revenue from fees and commissions, by the end of 2023, the Postal Bank had achieved 51.1 billion yuan in fees and commissions, of which $11.25 billion was earned from bank card operations, $20.857 billion from agency operations, settlement and liquidation operations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The Postal Bank focuses on the development of the three-farmer, inclusive finance and so on.
The Revitalization and Inclusion Financial Management Board, the Specialization of the Ministry of Finance and Finance of the Three Agricultures (Rural Revitalization Finance Department) and the organization of a system of rural rehabilitation services, coordinated by the mail and silver banks, combined with the combined efforts of mothers and children. The “Three Agricultures” financial digitization, intensification, and transformation of the scenes are the main lines for solid advancement of the core projects of service rehabilitation in the countryside and for the expansion of the countryside.
By the end of June 2024, it had reached $2.22 trillion in loans, $1.59 trillion in loans for inclusive micro-enterprises, $1.54 trillion in individual micro-credits, combined with returns from loan end-of-life figures, returns on loans from PBS enterprises and other state-owned businesses.
On balance, retail lending yields are about 30 bp above the national average. Largely due to the structure of retail loans, individual microloans have grown relatively rapidly over the last two years, with a marked increase in their share.
The overall asset quality remained robust, with 3.1 loans increasing, and structural adjustment of billions of yuan, representing 51.3 per cent of total assets, an increase of 1.8 percentage points from the end of 2021, but still lower than the size of the State.
At the end of June 2024, personal loans by the Postal Bank amounted to $4.69 trillion, representing 34.5 per cent of the total assets, above the average of 27.9 per cent.
55.6 per cent, or 4.6 percentage points in comparison with the end of 2021. During the same period, corporate-type loans amounted to 3.53 trillion yuan, compared to a relatively small decrease in the average for horizontal comparison of State-owned businesses. By the end of June 2024, mortgage lending stood at 50.4 per cent compared to the end of 2021.
7.4 percentage points, or 3.5 per cent compound growth rate; 12.1 per cent, or 1.1 percentage points lower than at the end of 2021; and figure 21: the proportion of individual loans in comparison with the 2021 change (in %) as at the end of June 2024, the share of transport-related loans in the company category of the Postal Bank was higher, reaching
24.39 per cent; real estate development loans, 8.08 per cent; manufacturing loans, 16 per cent; wholesale retail loans, 8.04 per cent; 3.2 asset quality is relatively high, short-term retail lending pressure is on the rise.
By the end of June 2024, the Bank had a poor loan rate of 0.84 per cent, and the percentage of loans of concern amounted to 0.81 per cent, with an overdue rate of 1.06 per cent, which was lower than the average water level of the State-owned banks. The share of mortgages in total loans was 57.3 per cent, and was relatively high.
By the end of June 2024, the poor rate of microcredit was 1.88 per cent, significantly higher than the poor rate of individual lending overall.
In the case of public loans, because of the relatively high share of public infrastructure-related loans, the overall rate of underperformance is lower than that of co-workers, at 0.54 per cent as of the end of June 2024. The distribution of the balance of public non-performing loans is mainly concentrated in the premises, but it is still higher than the State-owned average. The lending ratio is 2.59 per cent, which is lower than the State-owned average.
The Postal Bank has built on the strategic path of “5+1” to build a comprehensive picture of the intellectual advantages of a winning future, using the new quality of life to accelerate the digital transformation, and to contribute to the digital finance of the Postal Bank. In 2023, the Information Technology Investment was launched.
With 11,278 million yuan, an increase of 5.88 per cent, or 329 per cent of operating income, the management of technological enablement, the construction of a fully-fledged intelligent productivity application biosphere, the promotion of the application of rpa (automated machine process) technology, and the replacement of manual completion documents in the areas of financial management, operation management, credit management, etc.
In the context of technology enabling business development, the application of Ocr technology to business scenes such as new customer cards, guaranteed loans, etc., is complemented by capital monitoring and customer service. Smart speech technology is inclusive finance, wealth management, credit wind control, accounts.
Support is provided in the areas of security. In terms of technology and technology enabling risk management, the use of financial and technological tools to strengthen the safety line, to ensure that the scientific and technological workforce is built up, to increase the number of people in critical areas such as R & D, data analysis, transport, etc., and to increase steadily the size of the scientific and technological workforce, which, by the end of 2023, had grown to a total of 5061 people, with a total of more than 7,000 people.
Figure 31: Number of scientific and technical personnel (persons) 5.1 Overall Banking Outlook 5.1.1 Special State Debts to Supplement Core Level Capital
On 12 October, the new Office held a press conference on the policies of the Ministry of Finance, in which the Ministry of Finance referred to the “issuance of a special national debt to support large State-owned commercial banks to supplement core-level capital”. The size and sequence of the bank's funding follow the idea of a “phased, one-line approach”. We recommend that attention be paid to the pace and pace of the follow-up Ministry of Finance's investment in the country's major banks.
On the whole, we believe that investment in large state-owned banks will help to maintain the stability of subsequent credit growth and, accordingly, increase overall risk resistance. The extent to which the contribution to each share is spread depends on the bank’s profit and equity growth rate.
In the past few years, green, inclusive, capital and manufacturing have been the main directions of new credit delivery, with a rising share. In terms of the distribution of new credit among various types of banks, pressure on the cost of indebtedness and a common agreement on the cost of credit has led to a decline in the share of new markets in small and medium-sized banks and an increase in the share of large State-owned banks.
Market demand is also expected to pick up gradually. Combined with factors such as the downward adjustment of lpr since the beginning of 2024, the reduction in the margin, the continued periodicization of deposits, the adjustment of interest rates on mortgage loans, the downward adjustment of interest rates on deposit and the reduction of interest on municipal debt, and the future net interest margin for commercial banks
There is still the possibility of a downside, although the decline has continued to narrow. Moreover, in the context of the business environment, we expect that the trend in the overall asset quality of commercial banks has remained stable over the next 2024 years, with some banks even moving lower and retail lending rising worse. We expect to regulate policies in the reverse cycle in 2025.
Given the above-mentioned developments in the sector, we believe that the cost advantages of the deposit by the Postal Bank are still expected to contribute to a stable performance, and that the advantages of inclusive finance, as well as its continued layout, will contribute to the creation of new jobs.
Moreover, there is still much room for digging in the retail business of the Postal Bank, as well as the possibility of adjusting the rates of potential savings agent services. And, in conjunction with the development strategy of the Postal Bank, adding financial technology, we believe that the Postal Bank has been consolidated.
Over the long term, the large retail operations of the Postal Bank are either deep-drawn on the basis of the large number of clients available, or are expected to drive growth in the median income, as well as an increase in the share of income. As the overall net income gap in the banking sector continues to narrow, negative growth in the middle business income is a factor that drags up revenue growth.
With the readjustment of the company ' s own savings agent rate, we adjust the company ' s profit projections accordingly as follows: first, in terms of loan acceleration, taking into account factors such as capital occupancy, credit distribution, etc., we estimate the future, taking into account the higher share of personal banking at the Postal Bank, and the stronger advantage of indebtedness. We anticipate the next three years.
Third, the growth of other non-interest-bearing income has remained largely stable. Fourth, the current asset quality is relatively stable, and retail lending has fluctuated. Given the overall weekly nature of the bank block, the structure of the operations of the superstitious postbank, we expect the quality of the stock to remain relatively stable and poor.
Fifth, operations and management costs are optimized by overall regulation, resulting in a slight decline in the cost-earning ratio. Banking as a whole is affected more by macroeconomic, monetary, and regulatory policies, and the economy and related policies are more affected by macroeconomic, monetary, and regulatory policies.
Corporate strategic development has not advanced as expected; scale expansion has not been sustained as expected owing to the pressure of net capital regulation; and asset-end rates of return have fallen short of expectations, and cost controls at the end of liabilities have not kept pace with the expected changes in net interest differentials;
The continued improvement in asset quality is less than expected; savings agent rate adjustments, etc.