High income growth, I'm a leader in calculating product layout - annual report report (00977), revenue growth doubled, and server delivery was the third highest worldwide: company harvest in 2017.
25,488 million yuan, an increase of 101.21 per cent over the same period. According to Gartner, global service delivery in 2017 grew by 3.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the Asia-Pacific region grew by 21.2 per cent, thanks to the rapid development and global expansion of domestic cloud service providers.
Innovative business models that bring together companies and customers to create synergies, tailor-made, and win-win businesses, and to give companies a competitive advantage in the field of cloud operators.
Third in the world, three years ahead of the five-year target of “Spilling the first three of the world.” The company now returns $427 million in net profit to its mother, an increase of 48,95 per cent over the same period, $334 million in non-net profit, leading the game, and the one-server product line rich: a company based on arithmetic hardware products, a management condom.
At present, it has become the industry’s most rich-a-server product liner: on the hardware floor, the public department has issued agx-2, gx4, sr-ai, etc.
State 1.0 is a cluster management software for training in artificial intelligence depth; the framework layer is Caffe-mpi, which is the first parallel version of the Caffe depth learning computing framework in a global cluster; the service level introduces more integrated end-to-end solutions.
Market shares exceed 60 per cent in the field, over 90 per cent in the Tier1 major Internet enterprises, providing computing support to nationally renowned ii-related enterprises such as Batj, and helping clients achieve quantitative performance improvements in voice, image, video, search, network, etc.
The offshore market is one of the main drivers of future operations: in 2017, the company became the only server provider to join the three open-calculation standards organizations around the world: ocp, odcc, and open 19 and, by replicating its successful domestic experience, its share of overseas operations rose from 5.3 per cent last year.
11.8 per cent, with income rising by 349 per cent over the year, and the results of overseas expansion are significant. The ratio of corporate operations abroad is still relatively small, while replication of successful domestic business models will facilitate the internationalization of companies.
Releases, expanding corporate overseas operations and increased industry competition brought about by corporate ai products, high-end servers; under-exploitation of overseas markets; and promotion of ai products and high-end servers