Establishment of a holding subsidiary, silicon, battery, assembly equipment I, physical layout, research assistant Li Wen Yi
Keywords: # Second Curve Event: On 8 October, a holding company, Zhejiang Jingxin Phototech Co. Ltd., was primarily responsible for the management of the Hangzhou Hunghouse Partnership, with 80 per cent of the stock held by the crystals company.
• Operation of photovoltaic battery device. ▪ Breaking through the cell block chain and developing various topcon process equipment: crystal-spiriting lumino main camp tubes pecvd, rpcvd, americium amplification and decomposition, single cavity ald and dry cleaning, etc.
A wide range of solar cell process equipment, widely accepted by clients during the validation process, has achieved or exceeded the same product in the industry and is expected to benefit from the topcon surge, as in the case of a 25gwtopcon battery production planned for the Central Ring.
Equipment, which was previously concentrated in silicon & carbonated silicon outreach equipment, with a very competitive differential battery device introduced in the second half of 2023 or the first half of 2024, capable of significantly increasing or reducing the cost of topcon battery efficiency, and in 2023, the company target battery plus assembly equipment
Newly signed sheets of more than $3 billion (including taxes) and half of the target achieved in the first half of 2023.  crystals power generation silicon-plate-assembly-assembly integrated layout: silicon ends with a single-crystal furnace, with the launch of the superconducted magnetic field's fifth-generation single-crystal furnace, which is expected to lead the next technological equation, the subsidiary's consummation.
Electric fluids (65 per cent of crystals) are responsible for superconducting magnetic field production; battery-end companies are formed; crystal-side photons (80 per cent of crystals) are responsible for topcon equipment; component-side passenger support units have more than a stack of welders, boarders, border superchargers, glue detectors, etc.
▪ Platform-based layout thrust, equipment plus material multi-point flowering: (1) photovoltaic equipment: 1 single-crystal furnace: pushing out the efficiency enhancement of the fifth generation of low-oxy monocrystal support cells. 2 Battery and assembly equipment: 2023
The new bid of $3 billion has been signed, and the pecvd equipment has been pushed to the market. (2) Sic exterior equipment: single crystals engine power (300316); 2023 semi-samples & double 6 inches of extra-extension equipment in bulk sales, with the introduction of 8 inches of single-discrete equipment. (3) Materials:
1 quartz: 1.36 billion yuan in the first half of 2023, net profit of 680 million yuan, annual report: o2 equipment end-of-date new net interest rate of about 50 per cent.
Maintenance of heights, material-end performance, expansion project, accelerated development of tungsten wires. 3 carbonated silicon line: 8 inches of crystal.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, the second curve.
It's the amount of light-voltage and semiconductor consumption, and the third curve is the full amount of semiconductor equipment.
Lines, the fifth generation of low-oxy monocrystal furnaces are placed in three major financial forecasts of crystals engine power. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.