Launch of the carbonated silicon liner negative expansion project, equipment + materials platform, November 09, 2023
Liu Xiaowu, research assistant Li Wen Wei, keyword: # Second Curve
Event: On November 4, 2023, the company signed and launched a signing ceremony for the "250,000 6 inches per year, 50,000 8 inches of carbonized silicon liners project" aimed at accelerating the closing of key core technologies at the end of semiconductor materials and achieving national substitution.
▪ Official launch of the Silicon Carbon Subside Expansion Project, with capacity to rapidly climb the slopes: 4 November 2023, crystallizers, a signing and launching ceremony for the “Down 250,000 6 inches per year, 50,000 8 inches of Silicon Carbon Liner Project”, two years of project construction, with a total investment of $2.12 billion, with an investment of 19.88 per cent in fixed assets.
Billion dollars. The company has been developing carbonated silicon crystal growth equipment and processes since 2017 and has been successful in running 6 inches, 8 inches of carbon silicon crystals and linen negatives, a small domestic supply of 8 inches of bottom line.
About 5,000, with a monthly capacity of 10,000 by the end of 2023 and 20,000 by the end of 2024; the 8 inch lined film is in a small batch trial phase.
(b) mastering the long crystal process: silicon carbide. The most difficult thing to line with is the control of temperature, gas, pressure, and the control of the process determines the level of efficiency.
The advantage of a crystal-spill single-volt furnace is that software algorithms are home-made and continue to be applied to carbonated silicon crystals. New-energy vehicles + photovoltaic power drive sic release, crystal-deeply captures bottom-line national production opportunities: new energy vehicles, vehicles and photovoltaics are the main applications of sic devices, especially new-energy vehicles are the first in the future.
A major application market, according to yole, the new energy car conductor sic powerware market in 2027 is expected to reach $5 billion, accounting for 79 per cent of the downstream application site, and there is already a large volume delivery of sic-type vehicles around the world, and sic is on its way to import.
Transistor power equipment + material platform layout: (1) photovoltaic equipment: 1 single transistor: 5-generation low of billions and pecvd equipment has been moved to the market. (2) Carbonated silicon extension equipment: single & double 6 inches.
Volume sales of extended equipment, with the introduction of 8 inches of single-discrete equipment. (3) Materials: 1 stone quartz: 1.36 billion yuan in the first half of Ning Sha Jiaxing, net profit of 680 million yuan and net interest rate of about 50 per cent. 2 gold: high performance, equipment & materials.
Redline: A first phase of production and bulk marketing, promotion of phase two expansion projects and acceleration of tungsten wire development. 3 carbonated silicon linings: 250,000 6 inches and 50,000 8 inches of negative expansion projects.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals ' electricity growth, the second curve is the amount of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumption, the third curve is the end of semiconductor and carbonated silicon equipment.
On 4 November 2023, the Transistor Power signed the launch ceremony for a project to produce 250,000 6 inches per year and 50,000 8 inches of silicon carbonated film, with a total investment of $2.12 billion over two years of project construction.
The company, which has been developing silicon crystal growth equipment and processes since 2017, has successfully developed 6 inches, 8 inches of carbon silicon crystals and lined negatives, a small number of companies in the country that supply 8 inches of lined negatives. Six to eight inches of carbonated silicon crystal growth, slices, silica in polishing have been built and six inches of lined negatives have been validated by several downstream companies.
At a fast-tracking stage, the current monthly capacity is about 5,000, with an expected monthly capacity of 10,000 by the end of 2023 and 20,000 by the end of 2024, and the 8-inch lined film is in a small batch trial phase.
(i) Equipment self-made: crystals power is a single light-voltage furnace, semiconductor long-crystal furnace tap, based on long-crystal technology, carbonization; and core processing equipment such as long crystals, grinding and throwing of silicon-lined film is also self-made, and currently external equipment consists of measuring equipment.
The rest of the equipment is homemade, with a national production rate of more than 90 per cent, with reference to foreign taps, the Wolfspeed device, also self-made, which is beneficial to (2) mastering the long crystal process: the most difficult thing for carbonated silicon to line with long crystals is the control of temperature, gas, pressure, process.
The advantage of holding is that the software algorithm is home-made and continues to be applied to carbonated silicon crystals. Figure 2: Most of the transistors are home-made test-lined in crystals.
At present, the 6-inch carbonated silicon lined film produced by the test line in the company meets or is superior to in-house technology in key parameters such as diameter, microtube density, location error, resistivity, bending, and oblique. The product has been certified and approved by a leading downstream firm, and a bulk order has been signed and delivered.
3. New energy vehicles + photovoltaic power drive sic release, crystallizing the bottom-line national production machine, new energy vehicles and photovoltaic power are the main applications of the sic device, especially new energy vehicles, which are the first dollar in the future, accounting for 79 per cent of the downstream application site, with multi-sic-type production delivery available globally, sic
In 2018, Tesla took the lead in carrying sic on a model3, and it opened up a large-scale car of carbonated silicon, which was followed up by cars like Biadi, Gilly, Modern Motors, and increased the load of sic. According to Cleantechnica, in January-May 2023, the size of the car was over 1 million.
The bottom market is promising, there are large national production opportunities, crystals power has a full layout of film and extension equipment, precision cards. We expect about 38 billion yuan in new market space for 6-inch carbon silicon liners worldwide by 2025, 78 per cent for cagr in 2023-2025, early start of overseas dragonheads, long-term monopolistic sub-market, cr 3-80 per cent, root
According to yole, in 2020, 78 per cent of the sic liner of overseas producers reached 78 per cent, of which the city of Wolfspeed accounted for 45 per cent, the city of Roma (purchase of sicrystal) for 20 per cent, the second largest city; and the country’s first silicon liner was only 3 per cent and 3 per cent, with crystals power actively promoting research and development and production of 6 inches and 8 inches of carbonated silicon film, with the introduction of external equipment, downstream and downstream.
A synergizing effect is created by both liner customers and extended equipment customers. 10,000 liners: an assumed price of $5,000/4500/4000/3500 per silicon liner for 6 inches, with a net profit level of 20/15 per cent/10 per cent.5 per cent; 250,000 liner 8 inches: an assumed price split of 8 inches per silicon liner for 8 inches.
The transistor power plant + the material platform layout The transistor power from photovoltaic to semiconductors, equipment to materials are configured.
Powder + membrane / carbon fibre , trans-chemical — semiconductor silicon + equipment, Japanese disco — semi-conductor, crystal-circulation machine + knife appliance, single-crystal + quartz & diamond silicon, semi-conductor silicon field layout, large silicon equipment + quartz & polishing fluids, carbon silicon field layouts, extenuating furnace + liner
(1) Light-voltage equipment: 1 single-crystal furnace: Increased efficiency of the fifth generation of low-oxy monocrystal furnaces. 2 Battery and assembly equipment: a new target of $3 billion for 2023, pecvd equipment has been moved to the market. (2) Carbonated silicon outer extension: bulk sale of single & double 6 inches of extended equipment, with the introduction of 8 inches of single equipment. (3) Materials: 1 stone
: In the first half of 2023, Ningxia Qingxiang collected 1.36 billion yuan in net profits of 680 million yuan, with a net interest rate of about 50 per cent.
Photovoltaic devices are the first curve in the growth of crystals, the second curve is the release of photovoltaics and semiconductors, and the third curve is the full release of semiconductor and carbonated silicon equipment. We maintain the company ' s three financial projections for 2023-2025.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.