Silicon carbonated bottom + extension equipment, equipment + material double wheel 14 December 2023
Keywords: #2nd Curve  Event: 8 inches of carbonated silicon liners and 8 inches of growth equipment were shown at the Semiconjapan 2023 semiconductor exhibition in Tokyo, Japan, December 13, 2023, and 8 inches of carbonated silicon liners were achieved
The crystal-smelting plant is home-made and has mastered the core long-crystal process. The crystal-smelting plant has been developing long-lived equipment and processes with carbon-silic crystals since 2017. (1) Equipment: the company's firm electrical resistance technology route and the establishment of long-crystal laboratories and mid-testing lines in 2020.
(2) Process: The most difficult part of the carbonated silicon lined crystals is the control of temperature, gas, pressure, and the control of the process determines the level of efficiency, the advantage of which is self-made software algorithms, while the sapphire crystals have accumulated experience and continue to be applied to the carbonated silicon crystals.
It's 6-8 inches, 8 inches, and it's about the future. It's about 250,000 inches, 6 inches, and 50,000 inches, and it's about 8 inches, and it's about 6-8 inches, from crystals, slices, thinning/painting, polishing, cleaning/testing, with a good rate.
The production capacity can be shifted to 8 inches, and the creation of the liner is superior, working with the integration of the center core, etc. The 8 inch silicon liner film is now yielded in bulk, providing a 8 inch liner film of 500 and 350 in thickness to meet different customer requirements.
And the 8-inch chip core error can stabilize tsd < 100/cm2, bpd < 400/cm2, leading the industry. The latest R & D core error has been further improved, with Tsd and bpd approaching zero over 90% of the area, and the target is to produce from R & D-driven production in 2024 and eventually "tsd"
Free+nearbpdfree's target. The main clients include the central core integration, etc.
"Chrystal Power" (300316): Activation of carbide, solution of temperature homogeneity in cavity design, stream homogeneity, etc., extension thickness within 1.5%, blending of silicon line negative expansion project, equipment plus materials.
Lower-silk-leaf projectors form a synergy between crystal-lined negatives plus extended equipment customers.  Profit prediction and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystal-spill power growth, the second curve is the amount of light-voltage and semiconductor consumption, and the third curve is the amount of carbonated silicon-plus materials and semiconductor equipment.
Transistor Power (300316): Quarterly Review 2023: High Performance, Equipment & Material Platforming.
Three major financial forecasting tables for Crystal Gestures and Electrics. Dong Wu Securities Inc., Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.