Q1-3 has achieved a cumulative net return profit of 3.514 billion yuan.
The increase was 74.94% in the same year. The deduction of the non-mortality net profit was $330 million, an increase of 72.87% in the same year.
Ping. From the beginning of the year to the reporting period, the company achieved cumulative operating income of $13.462 billion, an increase of 80.39 per cent over the same period. Photovoltaic equipment continued to be upgraded, with the technology leading both ways: the company became the pole of a single photovoltaic furnace and continuously upgraded the equipment to strengthen competitiveness. In May 2023, the company released the fifth generation of monomagnetic furnaces, equipped with supermagnetic equipment.
In response to the energy-efficiency needs of the N-type battery age, the company is now able to reduce its cost by 13%, with a single output of more than 180 kg. At present, the company's fifth generation single furnace has entered into approximately 3,500 orders, with nearly 300 superconducted magnetic fields expected to be deployed in 23 years.
In May 2023, the company issued a package-in-a-box machine to support the intellectualization of silicon mills. At the same time, the company continuously expands the types of equipment based on the industrial chain, the layout of the battery tubes and the assembly stacking of components, and we strengthen competitiveness.
Semiconductor equipment: The company has now achieved almost full coverage and bulk sales of 8-12 inches of large silicon equipment, 6 inches of carbonated silicon extension equipment for bulk sales and fast-growing orders, and has successfully developed an international picture of relative depth of 300
The state-of-the-art 8-inch single-carbon silicon extension equipment has achieved a mature and stable 8-inch carbon extenuation process. At the same time, based on the extension of the industrial chain, the company developed a 8-12-inch crystal circle and day, and it failed to complete its semiconductor equipment contract of $3.303 billion (including value added tax).
Focusing on the new materials business track: In the area of the Golden Steel Line, the company invested 10 million km of capacity in Sinakawa in April, which will significantly increase the capacity of the company to produce goldlines. In the case of silicon carbide, on July 25, the company said that it had acquired 8 inches of carbonated silicon liners and technology. In the case of sapphire materials, the company has grown.
700kg-class sapphire crystals. A more dynamic material operation is expected to be a strong growth point for the company after the photovoltaic equipment. The company as a whole has a core layout and technological innovation around silicon carbide and sapphire materials, and it has a flat-headed crystallizer power (300316); advanced equipment and material mix.
China's Galaxy Securities Institute has committed itself to producing this report independently, objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The London School of Political and Economics, Master of Economics, nine years of work in securities, and joined China’s Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. The best share of new wealth in 2016.