A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
CTGDF (601888 CH)
BUY (Initiation)
At near term trough; Shares likely mean-revert on
Target Price
RMB350.0
sequentially better 4Q tourist traffic; Initiate at Buy
Up/Downside
+39.3%
Current Price
RMB251.3
Travel bans in view of the outbreak of Delta Variant in Guangzhou and Nanjing
is likely to weigh on 3Q domestic travel momentum. That said, when the
China Consumer Sector
pandemic gradually dies down and when vaccination surpasses 2.1bn times, we
see scope for domestic travel to normalize into 4Q, particularly when the quarter
Joseph Wong
is clustered with various festivals and shopping campaigns that catalyze leisure
travelling and shopping. CTGDF is the largest domestic duty-free operator with
90%+ market share in 2020, and is therefore poised to be the major beneficiary
of this recovery trajectory. The stock is trading at 30.9x end-22E P/E, at par to its
Stock Data
3-year average but -2sd below its 1-year average, when the stock was re-rated
on policy tailwind. We argue shares mean-reversion is likely to take place towards
4Q, not to mention value to be unlocked through its secondary H share listing on
an expanded shareholder base. We initiate the stock at Buy with TP of RMB350.0.
■ Hainan expansion a major driver to offer 51.0% CAGR to duty-free
revenue. We project a 42.3% 3-year revenue CAGR for CTGDF during 2020-
23E. We forecast duty-free sales to grow at a 51.0% CAGR during the same
period, which will be underpinned by its organic expansion in Haitang Bay
Source: Bloomberg
Phase 2 and Haikou International Duty-free Mall. The expansion is
debottlenecking to CTGDF, in our view, as a larger store space will enable
Share Performance
CTGDF to enrich its product shelving and display, across its brand portfolio.
Potential earnings upside on rental renegotiation and tax concession.
We believe rental renegotiation for Beijing airport could enhance operating
Source: Bloomberg
leverage, while Hainan's potential tax concession approval could boost
2021/22E net profits by approximately 8%, in our estimate. Separately, owing
12-mth Price Performance
to a rising online/ lower-margins SKU mix, we expect pressure to gross
margins to prevail until 2022E when a more centralized procurement strategy,
recovering offline traffic and the SKU mix upgrade could revive the trend.
Valuation at its low-cycle 30.9x P/E; we are c5% ahead of 22E consensus.
Our target price of RMB350.0 is based on 43.0x end-22E P/E, which
represents +1sd above the average of the last 3 years. Our multiple is also
benchmarked to the average valuation of 44.0x since July 2020. This explains
Source: Bloomberg
our near-term expectation for CTGDF's share price to mean-revert as if
domestic travel and spending were to recover as we are heading to a more
festive 4Q. Our 2021E earnings is slightly below consensus, while that of
2022E is c6% above.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Contents
Investment Thesis
Stabilizing spending and travellers to Hainan
communities labelled as medium/high risk) has again reignited concerns over renewed
travel bans. The duty-free spending and the number of domestic travelers to Hainan have
stabilized in June and July, and the average visitation of the last 3 months remained
comparable to the pre-COVID level at approximately 5mn per month. Of the total, 55% of
the visits were paid to Haikou and Sanya.
Separately, on a per visitor basis, there was no sign of a slowdown in spending which has
increased by 20% YoY to approximately RMB6,400, in our estimates. The number actually
tallied with the data announced by the Haikou Custom that offshore duty-free spending per
visitor amounted to RMB7,002, given a total spending of RMB26.7bn with 3.8mn of
shoppers.
Pandemic largely under control by end-Aug; reasonable 2022 expectation
According to the National Health Commission, by end of August, infections in most of
the medium/ high-risk communities have largely reduced and domestic travels have
started to resume. Year-to-date, the number of vaccination has reached 2.1bn, and
this should set stage for domestic travel to recover towards 4Q, particularly when the
quarter is clustered with various traditional Chinese festivals that catalyze leisure
travelling and shopping.
Barring any lingering COVID cases towards the end of 2021, Frost and Sullivan
estimated the number of domestic tourists would return to the pre-pandemic level in
2022E. Furthermore, the number of domestic tourists will grow further to 10.6bn units
in 2025E, registering a 4-year CAGR of 19.9%.
Source: NHC, CMBIS
Source: Frost & Sullivan, CMBIS
An unchallenged leadership despite relaxed entry regulation
Although there have been new entrants to China's travel retail market in the recent years,
we hold the view that CTGDF will be able to leverage its first-mover advantage as well as
its edges in rapid store expansion, a rich product portfolio, and a well-tailored customer
loyalty program to secure its market share.
Industry and operation experience makes high entry barrier to new entrants
Duty-free market in China is highly concentrated and has a high entry barrier. In 2020,
according to Frost and Sullivan, the top five duty-free travel retailers in China accounted
for 99.9% of the market share, with CTGDF being the no.1 player with a market share of
92.3%.
Source: Company data, Frost & Sullivan, CMBIS
CTGDF was among 10 groups of entities with duty-free operation permits in China and
among six groups of entities with duty-free operation permits to operate duty-free port
stores nationwide. Meanwhile, the Company is currently the only group with operation
permits for all types of duty-free stores in China. In particular, the Company enjoys
substantial competitive advantages in Hainan, occupying approximately 99.8% of China's
offshore duty-free market share in 2020, according to Frost & Sullivan. Although the
restrictions to enter into the duty-free market has been relaxed in recent years, we believe
new entrants will not be able to shake up the market dynamics in the near term, as they
would struggle with various operation challenges given the lack of industry experience, as
well as supply management.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Industry Experience
Current players in the market are all state-owned companies with long-time industry
operation history. The bidding on duty-free projects requires comprehensive
assessments including the store layout design, marketing and customer service
strategies, business plan and brand introduction. New entrants would have difficulties
providing a comprehensive and profitable business plan compared to mature players
with abundant duty-free operation experience.
Supplier management
Brand portfolio of duty-free businesses largely comprises global luxury brands. These
brands normally engage in business relationship with well-established duty-free
operators with sound financial muscle and international presence, not to mention the
ability to secure stable and high volumes of purchase orders. This is also crucial for
duty-free operators to gain bargaining power with brand owners to protect margins.
Continuous new store expansion
CTGDF has made cleared that the Company will continue to compete for concessions
at airports and other transportation terminals and destinations with a number of other
global, national and regional duty-free operators in China and at popular overseas
destinations for Chinese travelers. Beyond its existing domestic airport operations, the
Company also planned to extend its coverage to other airports in Ningbo, Yiwu, Jinan,
Jiaxing with target commencement date within 2021. Separately, CTGDF intends to
open its new offshore store in Hainan, the Haikou International Duty-Free Complex,
with an estimated sales area of 150,000 sq m in 2022E. Of note, currently, it operates
a total of 194 stores, six oversea duty-free stores in Hong Kong, Macau and Cambodia,
provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions.
Note: (1) ship-supply store, no physical store location
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Note: (1) Including railway stations, cross-border bus stations and seaports
(2) Including cruise duty-free stores, inflight duty-free stores, ship-supply duty free stores and duty-paid stores
PLEASE READ THE ANALYST CERTIFICATION AND IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES ON LAST PAGE
A rich product offering
CTGDF secures a product portfolio with more than 200,000 SKUs, ranging from
perfume and cosmetics, fashion and accessories, tobacco and liquor, and food and
miscellaneous goods.
In our view, CTGDF's competitive advantage of having a wide variety of brand and product
selections is underpinned by its centralized procurement (that ensures large and steady
order flows to brand owners) and an improved window-display opportunity and distribution
channel through our network of 194 shops across China, Hong Kong, Macau and
Cambodia. For instance, by end-2020, CTGDF connected with 946 brands globally that
tobacco and liquor brands and 213 food brands). The strong franchise has created a strong
moat for CTGDF to keep away from its competitors for any direct competition.
Source: Company data, Jessica's Secret, CMBIS
Customer Loyalty Program
To better preserve its client loyalty, CTGDF has established a five-tier customer loyalty
program. Each tier offers unique privileges and customers may upgrade to the next tier
after fulfilling the relevant spending requirements. Customers gain membership points upon
any successful purchases and points could be used to offset payment in future purchases.
Leveraging the recent popularity of online shopping, the loyalty program can be accessed
via WeChat mini-app.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Enjoying policy tailwind; and we expect more to come
To revive the duty-free market that has been significantly hit by COVID-19, the Chinese
government enacted a series of policies to promote the growth and development of the
duty-free industry including measures to encourage offshore duty-free shopping and the
development of integrated travel retail complex and downtown duty-free stores. In our view,
with the below policy aids, Hainan is poised to reach RMB100bn DFS sale target by 2022E.
Source: Government websites, CMBIS
We await relaxation on purchase of imported necessities for Hainan residents
The next supportive policy announcement, according to the Chinese government in
December 2020, relates to allowing duty-free shopping for Hainan onshore residents
(without departing Hainan), which we believe could be a pilot program ahead of the tax
residents in Hainan. Assuming an annual luxury/ leisure spending of RMB1,000 that
CTGDF could capture, we estimate the relaxation, should it realize, would represent a
RMB9bn addressable market that CTGDF could explore and a 14% expansion to the
Hainan offshore duty free market.
Domestic consumption repatriation
The 14th Five-Year Plan promotes a new development pattern that centers on the domestic
consumption circulation along with the co-development of an international circulation. The
policy emphasizes the central role of the domestic consumption and seeks to improve the
efficacy and efficiency of the circulation with the aim of bringing back overseas spending
to sustain domestic economic growth. According to CTGDF, total overseas duty-free
spending by China tourists reached approximately RMB1.8tn in 2019, with Korean Duty-
free (KDFS) contributing to RMB1tn, 55% of the total. These compare to only RMB54bn
domestic duty free spending. Assuming 10% of the spending will be redirected to the
domestic market; we estimate this could boost the market size of the latter by 33%.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
On a separate note, The Tax Free World Association (TFWA) pointed out that around 78%
of China consumers' spending were conducted overseas. The organization also pointed
out that Chinese consumers contributed about 60% of the global duty-free consumption in
2020, and about 80% of the Korea duty-free consumption of the same year.
Source: TFWA
In fact, with the relaxation of duty-free policy since July 2020, the total imports of consumer
goods grew 8.2% YoY to RMB1.6tn, according to the China Custom. Jewelry and
cosmetics offered the fastest growth of 30%, followed by suitcase of 20%. This translated
to RMB33bn duty-free spending for Hainan for the same year, despite travel restrictions
amid the pandemic. Given the ambition of reshaping Hainan to be a tax-free port by 2025,
domestic duty-free sales will remain a channel to repatriate overseas consumption back to
China.
Source: China Customs, State Taxation Administration
Aggressive online strategy
CTGDF took the initiative to develop its online platform. It takes full advantage of the rise
of online shopping and creates a consistent customer engagement from the moment a trip
is planned and the moment the traveler returns home. The international travel restrictions
since early 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic has accidentally accelerated the
launch of the initiative. Of note, CTGDF has been full engaged in online sales and
marketing through multiple online channels since February 2020 with new functions that
are, but not limited to the followings:
Personalized product recommendations
Personalized product recommendations were made to customers based on their browsing
and purchase histories. CTGDF also organized livestreaming shows to enable direct
interaction between customers and KOLs.
Customer services and customer loyalty program
The Company provided online chats and hotline support to respond to customer enquiries.
An integrated customer loyalty program based on membership points was also created via
WeChat app.
Source: Company data
Unlocking value from a USD1bn H-share secondary listing
We believe CTGDF's upcoming H-share listing (likely within 4Q21) is value accretive to
shareholders. Operationally, the listing will help cementing CTGDF's global presence by
enhancing its war chest for future overseas expansion or acquisitions, as well as smoothing
out its international procurement activities. The former will include green-field projects in
port stores overseas, securing concession rights and operate duty-free stores in airports in
Asia, as well as duty-free counters on cruise ships, of which is regarded as the new growth
spot for Chinese tourists. Separately, according to CTGDF, there will be a portion of the
proceeds to be spent on existing channels, including but not limited to:
Investment in the duty-free stores in key airports, seaports, railway stations, etc. More
specifically, the proceeds will be used to (a) develop new stores in key airports,
especially in relation to their renovation, procurement and operations, and (b) renew
the concession rights;
Development of the integrated travel retail complex. Integrated travel retail complex is
a business model with duty-free retail as their core business and in synergetic
development with other businesses such as duty-paid retail, dining, entertainment,
leisure and hotel:
Expansion for the Haikou International Duty-Free Complex and the Sanya
International Duty-free Complex. Both are expected to complete in 2022 and 2023. .
Source: Company data
Source: Company data
Source: Frost & Sullivan, CMBIS
We believe the expansion of Haikou/ Sanya Duty-free complex is crucial to sustain
CTGDF's leadership in Hainan (currently 90%+ market share), especially when we forecast
Hainan's total duty-free sales could grow at a 46.2% 5-year CAGR from currently RMB60bn
by end-2021 to RMB183bn by 2025. Our forecast is in line with Hainan's official target of
RMB60bn in 2021 and RMB100bn in 2022, and is slightly more aggressive than IATA's
recovery expectation of having global tourist traffic for 2022 and 2023 to reach 88% and
105% of 2019, respectively.
Potential re-rating from an expanded shareholder base
We argue the benefits from CTGDF's secondary listing in HK do not only source from an
enhanced operational efficiency, but also from an expanded global investor base. CTGDF
will be the only stock in the H-share market that directly exposes to the fast-growing duty-
free market of China. It possess a recognizable operational scale and an unparalleled
industry leadership, a crown jewel of the market that deserves a scarcity premium over
both its international and domestic peers in a sustainable manner.
Since July 2020, CTGDF used to trade at a 2.0x average premium to its international peers,
such as Hotel Shilla (008770 KS, NR), Lotte Shopping (023530 KS, NR), Lagardere (MMB
FP, NR) and Dufry (DUFN SW, NR). Given a higher ROE and faster earnings projection
(34% 2-year CAGR vs c20% CAGR), CTGDF looks to be undervalued relative to its peers.
-1 SD below mean
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Financial analysis
We project a 42.3% 3-year revenue CAGR for CTGDF during 2020-23E, driven mainly by
a 51.0% CAGR of duty-free sales, which will be underpinned by the fast-growing Hainan
offshore duty-free business. Owing to the rapid expansion of the online operations, which
typically offer lower profitability, as well as more aggressive discount promotions amid the
pandemic, we estimate gross margins weakness to prevail until 2022E when benefits of a
better SKU mix and scale of economies emerge. Meanwhile, a lower rental and hence
better operating leverage could partially neutralize the impact to our net profits estimates.
We regard further rental concessions from Beijing and Guangzhou airports and Hainan's
tax concession as event-driven catalyst to our earnings forecasts.
Hainan offshore and online businesses are major revenue growth drivers
We expect total revenue growth to offer a 42.3% 3-year CAGR from 2020-2023E,
mainly driven by the 51.0% CAGR of duty-free sales. Owing to the resurgence of
COVID cases in May, 2Q21 revenue were flat QoQ. Together with the lingering
outbreaks in Nanjing by end-July, we believe market expectation on 3Q revenue has
remained low. That said, this could probably mark the trough of the year, followed by
a quick recovery heading into the festive 4Q, in our view. Into 2022E, we are hopeful
to see a pick-up in duty-free revenue from a better tourist traffic to Hainan. Separately,
there is no sign of a slowdown in CTGDF's online business thanks to an aggressive
online strategy, not to mention the gradual yet permanent migration in the shopping
behaviour for Chinese consumers. For instance, we estimate CTGDF's Sanya DF and
Hainan Duty-free (HDFS) to register RMB39.4bn/14.5bn and RMB49.3bn/19.5bn
revenue for 2021/22E, respectively. (1H21: RMB18.5bn and RMB7.7bn).
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Note: Offshore DF revenue includes all operations in Hainan
Margins recovery in sight thanks to better efficiency and SKU mix
Profit margins across business segments (i.e. ports, airports and offshore operations,
etc.) vary due to product mix and mark-up. Of note, cosmetic and beauty products
typically offer higher margins than luxuries and apparels. The same dynamic also
applies to CTGDF's online platform, which commands a lower margin than offline
sales due to more intensified competition and difference in SKUs.
Since 2020, a higher contribution from electronic platforms (website, WeChat) and
discount offered to members were the major reasons for gross margins to soften. That
said, we are optimistic that over time scale of economies from a centralized
procurement would gradually mitigate the trend. Separately, CTGDF also mentioned
since the policy relaxation in July 2020, they have seen a noticeable pickup in demand
for high price-tag products. There is also an increasing number of brand owners who
are becoming more aggressive to offer discount promotions. In our view, this should
be positive to CTGDF. We only expect a more meaningful pick-up beyond 2022E
when travel restrictions are more likely to be withdrawn.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Rental revision a relief to margins; provision reversal an upside to earnings
The revision on the rental negotiations with Shanghai Pudong airport was favorable to
CTGDF. Instead of charging a monthly rental guarantee, the new term is based on
variable factors such as international and total passenger volume as well as rental
area, if international traffic falls below 80% of the average monthly level of 2019.
Separately, the monthly rental guarantee would only be required only when
international passenger traffic rises beyond 80% of the average monthly level of 2019.
On the financial statements, the new agreement has achieved a 70% rental fee
savings for 2020. Considering also a swift migration to e-commerce platforms, we
believe CTGDF will see a structural reduction on its rental expenses under SG&A.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
CTGDF has not finalized its discussions with Beijing and Guangzhou Airport. But since
rental terms of both were based on passenger traffic of the airports, we incline to believe
CTGDF would also be able to enjoy similar concessions when the number of international
travelers remains unexciting. We estimate CTGDF had already provided for the rental
expenses for Beijing and Guangzhou airports for 2020 and 1H21. In this case, any future
rental concessions should prompt relevant reversals and hence profit accretive.
Hainan's 15% tax concession could boost 8% of 2021/22E consolidated NPs
CTGDF recognized a 25% effective tax rate for 2018-20, as the Company is yet to be
entitled to the 15% tax concession under Hainan's Free Trade Port (FTP) scheme. We
have no visibility on when CTGDF could monetize the opportunity, however, we are certain
that the recognition could not only lead to a partial reversal of a RMB2.57bn tax provision
for 2020, but also 13% increase in post-tax profits for CTGDF's Hainan operations upon
implementation. In our sensitivity analysis, the change could lead to c8% upside in our
2021/22E net profits estimate on group level.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Valuation
We initiate CTGDF at Buy. Our target price of RMB350.0 is based on 43.0x end-22E P/E,
which represents +1sd above average of the last 3 years. CTGDF was significantly re-rated
since July 2020, when a set of policy relaxations on duty-free spending cap was announced.
As such, our target multiple is also approximately benchmarked to the long-term average
valuation starting from July 2020 of 44.0x. Our methodology explains our near-term
expectation for CTGDF's share price to mean-revert as if domestic travel and spending
were to recover approaching a more festive 4Q, and even to a better 2022E with
undisrupted domestic tourist traffic.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Investment risk
Changes in the existing duty-free policies and regulations – CTGDF's duty-free retail
business in China is generally subject to the government policies and regulations, and any
changes in these policies or regulations would significantly impact the duty-free purchase
volume, and thus materially impact CTGDF. In particular, the downtown duty-free policies
will likely be further refined and the further development of downtown duty-free stores,
especially those by CTGDF's competitors, may increase the competition.
Renewed outbreak of domestic COVID variants - that directly attributable to further
travel bans and hence visitation to Hainan.
Competition from online shopping platforms – online retailers, for instance the Daigou
service provider, are able to sell directly to consumers, diminishing the importance of
traditional distribution channels. Internet retailers may have significantly lower operating
costs than CTGDF does, as they do not rely on an expensive physical retail network or a
large sales force. Their products could look more price competitive than CTGDF's.
Risk with brand owners - renewal of contracts with brands is subject to the mutual
consent and CTGDF may lose the cooperation due to various reason such as brand owners'
ongoing struggle on balancing the interest between onshore and duty-free sales.
Resumption of global travelling activities – this may indirectly channel domestic duty-
free spending to overseas.
Company Overview
The predecessor of CTGDF, China Duty Free Company, was established in 1984 to
operate nationwide duty-free business when the State Council of the PRC officially
authorized its establishment. Backed by CITS Group and OCT Group, the Company,
with a registered share capital of RMB660mn. CITS Group is a state-owned enterprise that
primarily engaged in travel services, duty-free business and real estate development and
management, while OCT Group is a state-owned enterprise that primarily engaged in travel
services, real estate and hotel development. CTGDF was listed on Shanghai Stock
Exchange in 2009 with stock code 601888.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
With over 35 years of experience, CTGDF has become the largest travel retail operator
worldwide offering high quality duty-free and duty-paid merchandise to travelers. CTGDF's
worldwide ranking by retail sales value has gradually improved over the last decade, from
the 19th in 2010 to the 12th in 2015, and further enhanced to the fourth in 2019 before
hitting the top in 2020, representing a 22.6% of market share of the global travel retail
industry in 2020, according to Frost & Sullivan.
To develop China's travel retail business, CTGDF focuses on duty-free, its core strength,
while pursuing international expansion. Having the most duty-free stores in China, the
Company is the dominant retail operator in China covering all duty-free sales channels,
including port stores, offshore stores, downtown stores, cruise stores, inflight stores as well
as ship-supply stores.
Acknowledging the importance of streamlining its business, CTGDF acquired Sunrise
China, Sunrise Shanghai and Hainan DF in 2017, 2018 and 2020. In 2019, the Company
transferred its entire equity interest in CITS Agency to CTG while continuing to focus on
the duty-free retail industry. In response to its business and strategy, the Company was
A Shares, of which approximately 53.30% was held by CTGDF's controlling shareholder,
CTG.
Source: Company data
As a key market player, CTGDF refined duty-free policies in China and brought innovations
in duty-free business models, which allowed the Company to enjoy the first-mover
advantage. Given the expectation of favorable offshore duty-free policies, in 2011, the
Company operated an offshore duty-free store in downtown Sanya, namely the first in
China. To take a step further, in 2014, CTGDF opened the Sanya International Duty-Free
Complex, China's first integrated travel retail complex, which has been recognized as a
landmark of Hainan and established the integrated travel retail complex business model for
the industry. Being the largest standalone integrated travel retail complex in the world by
sales area (over 70,000 sq m), other than duty-free business, the complex also supports
other businesses such as duty-paid retail, dining, entertainment and leisure to offer a one-
stop shopping and leisure experience.
Source: Company data
It operates a total of 194 stores, six oversea duty-free stores in Hong Kong, Macau and
Cambodia, and 188 stores in Mainland China covering more than 90 cities, spanning
across 29 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions.
Source: Company data
Note: (1) Including railway stations, cross-border bus stations and seaports (2) Including cruise duty-free stores, inflight duty-free stores, ship-supply duty free stores and duty-paid stores
Port duty-free stores
CTGDF has a broad network of port duty-free stores covering airports, border crossings
and other areas such as railway stations, cross-border bus stations and seaports. With
airport channel being the largest part of its port duty-free business, CTGDF's stores can be
found in both departure and arrival areas in airports, and are usually located in central
areas with strong traffic. Thanks to its wholly-owned subsidiary CDFG and majority-owned
subsidiaries Sunrise China and Sunrise Shanghai, CTGDF has concession rights to run
duty-free stores in key aviation hubs in China and the Asia-Pacific Region, including nine
of the top ten airports in China, including Beijing Capital International Airport, Shanghai
Pudong International Airport and Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, the top three
airports in terms of international passenger traffic in 2020, as well as the Hong Kong
International Airport and the Macau International Airport.
In addition, CTGDF secured the concession rights in 2019 to sell duty-free perfume,
cosmetics, food, tobacco and liquor products at Beijing Daxing International Airport for a
term of 10 years. Looking ahead, the passenger traffic of Daxing Airport is expected to
grow and the Company's influence over the duty-free channels of the major ports would be
further enhanced.
According to Frost & Sullivan, CTGDF's duty-free stores offer the most comprehensive
coverage in border crossings across China. It had duty-free stores at 46 land border-
crossings, 20 duty-free stores in other locations including railway stations, cross-border bus
stations and seaports, as of 31 Dec 2020.
Source: Company data
Offshore duty-free stores
Following the favorable tax policy for tourists leaving Hainan to enjoy duty-free shopping,
Hainan's core duty-free sale channels have been captured by CTGDF through the
establishment of offshore duty-free stores throughout the island. In 2014, its Sanya
International Duty-Free Complex, the first integrated travel retail complex in China, and the
largest single duty-free store in the world in terms of total sales area according to Frost &
Sullivan, commenced business with more than 70,000 sq m of sales area. CTGDF also
operates duty-free stores with easy access in downtown Haikou and the area of Boao
Forum for Asia. To stay in line with its marketing and promotion strategy, it has set up
experience centers designed for different locations such as resorts, scenic spots, and
outlets in Hainan to let travelers experience the products in person while offering the pick-
up service when they depart Hainan. Together with two major airports in Hainan, it has
successfully set up a well-rounded duty-free retail network.
CTGDF's offshore duty-free stores offer Chinese tourists who usually visit overseas duty-
free stores another option. In 2020, in view of the favorable government policies and
COVID-19 pandemic which caused significant decrease in international travel activities, its
sales from offshore duty-free stores recorded a strong improvement. In 2018, 2019 and
2020, the revenue generated from offshore duty-free stores were RMB8,010.4mn,
RMB13,249.6mn and RMB29,961.9mn, with a CAGR of 93.4%.
Figure 49: Exterior of Phase II of Sanya International
Duty-Free Complex
Source: Company data
In response to the "duty-free shopping plus premium hotel" project, expansion of Sanya
International Duty-Free Complex is expected. The duty-free shopping area has been under
construction since March 2021 and is foreseen to be completed in 2023 with an estimated
GFA of 76,500 sq m. For hotel area, its construction is targeted to start in Dec 2021 and to
commence operations in 2026 with an estimated GFA of 96,000 sq m.
Downtown duty-free stores
Apart from four overseas downtown duty-free stores, five downtown duty-free stores
are operated in Beijing, Shanghai, Xiamen, Qingdao and Dalian respectively to target
foreign nationals and Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan residents. Customers are
requested to show their travel documents when ordering and making payments. They
can only collect the purchased goods in the pick-up areas of airports or other facilities
where CTGDF operates. In other words, to purchase duty-free products at CTGDF's
downtown duty-free stores, customers need to have a definite plan to travel abroad.
Others
CTGDF also operates duty-free stores onboard cruise liners and airplanes that are en route
to destinations abroad. While operating in-flight duty stores with major airlines in China,
CTGDF signed a cooperation agreement with one of the world's largest cruise companies
in 2018 to step into the international cruise market, securing the concession rights to
operate duty-free stores on their cruises.
In addition, ship-supply services are available for outbound ships, and duty-paid stores are
available in the domestic departure and arrival areas of several airports and railway stations.
Market Size of the Global Travel Retail Market
A steady increase had been recorded in the global travel retail market, rising from
RMB437.9bn in 2016 to RMB599.1bn in 2019 with a CAGR of 11.0%. However, in 2020,
given the COVID-19 pandemic and relevant travel restrictions, the market size of global
travel retail market was down 61.6% YoY to RMB230.3bn. It is expected that the travel
retail market will resume and increase to RMB659.5bn in 2022, if the COVID-19 pandemic
will be under control by early 2022. From 2022 to 2025, the travel retail market is projected
to increase and will surge to RMB899.0bn in 2025, with a CAGR of 10.9%.
Duty-free travel retail accounted for 54.6% of the travel retail market globally in 2016 and
grew at a CAGR of 14.4% from 2016 to 2019, faster than duty-paid travel retail at a CAGR
of 6.7% during the same period. As COVID-19 hit the travel industry heavily in 2020, actions
were taken by governments to stimulate the duty-free market, leading to its further
enhancement in the global travel retail market share. Duty-free travel retail is expected to
grow at a CAGR of 11.8% from 2022 to 2025, faster than duty-paid retail at 9.4% during
the same period. The duty-free travel retail is expected to occupy 63.7% of the global travel
retail market in 2025.
Source: Frost & Sullivan, CMBIS
Competitive landscape of the global travel retail market
Due to the high entry barrier, the global travel retail market is relatively concentrated. With
a market share of 22.6%, in 2020, CTGDF ranked first among the top five global travel
retailers, which together accounted for 69.2% of the market share in terms of retail sales.
Source: Company data, Frost & Sullivan, CMBI
Overview of the travel retail market in China
With a CAGR of 25.0%, sales of travel retail goods in China amounted to RMB91.0bn in
2019, growing from RMB46.6bn in 2016. The COVID-19 pandemic had caused significant
disruptions to the world in 2020, both domestic travel and international travel in China were
inevitably affected. China's travel retail market still reached RMB61.4bn in 2020,
representing a drop of 32.5% YoY (compared to 61.6% for the world and 40.3% in Asia
during the same period). Meanwhile, China's travel retail market is foreseen to experience
a stronger rebound than the rest of the world, reaching a CAGR of 19.2% from 2019 to
2022 (compared to 3.3% for the world and 7.1% in Asia). China's travel retail market is
expected to further increase to RMB277.0bn by 2025, with a CAGR of 21.6% from 2022 to
2025, if the COVID-19 pandemic will be under control by early 2022, along with the
recovery of international travel.
Source: Frost & Sullivan, CMBIS
Note: (1) China travel retail and duty-free market size does not include the duty-free merchandise which can be
purchased by Hainan residents without leaving Hainan island
China's Duty-Free Market
In light of the rapid development of the travel industry and the increase in residents' income
levels, China's duty-free market experienced a swift growth with a CAGR of 28.8% from
2016 to 2019. Thanks to the effective containment effort and the favorable policies to
support the duty-free market and promote domestic consumption, China's duty-free market
demonstrated resilience and down only 34.2% in 2020 (compared to 60.9% for the world
and 40.2% in Asia) and still amounted to RMB32.9bn in 2020. Going forward, it is believed
that the favorable government policies will continue to motivate the growth of China's duty-
free market, expecting a CAGR of 23.5% between 2019 and 2022, and a market of
RMB94.4bn in 2022. China's duty-free market is expected to rise to RMB181.7bn by 2025,
with a CAGR of 24.4% from 2022 to 2025, if the COVID-19 pandemic will be under control
by early 2022, along with the recovery of international travel.
As an increasingly significant factor of China's travel retail market, sales of duty-free
merchandise accounted for 50.2% and 53.6% of China's travel retail market in 2016 and
2020 respectively, and expected to increase to 65.6% in 2025. China's duty-free market is
taking an increasingly important role in the global duty-free market, with its share of the
global duty-free market climbing from 9.8% in 2016 to 23.5% in 2020, and is expected to
grow to 31.7% by 2025.
Source: Frost & Sullivan, CMBIS
Note: (1) China travel retail and duty-free market size does not include the duty-free merchandise which can be
purchased by Hainan residents without leaving Hainan island
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS does not
provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position or special
requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value
of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets
or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to
consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or its affiliate(s)
to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into any
transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense
whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report
does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable. CMBIS
has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices
and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or
conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment
decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or on behalf of
its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with the companies in this
report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any
responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published
in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended
from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and
may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the
independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified as a research
analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules intended to ensure that the
analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is intended for distribution in the United States
solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other
person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not
distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information
provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined in the
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed
in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of
Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact
CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.