ZTE Corporation [0763.HK;000063.CH]
1H 2018 results should mark the trough; ZTE remains a beneficiary of 5G investment.
TMT Sector
ZTE Corporation's (ZTE) 1H 2018 results should mark the trough, and the Company is on track to
recovery from the impact of the US ban on exports. Based on guidance for Q3 2018, ZTE's opera-
Hardware
tions are likely to return to a more normal level in Q4 2018. We have turned more positive on ZTE, as
there should be no major provisions or related write-offs booked going forward. We also believe that
BUY (H-share)/HOLD (A-Share)
ZTE will remain a major beneficiary of 5G investment in China and that the Company's expansion to
non-operator business is a medium-long-term growth driver. We believe that ZTE's recovery was
mainly driven by a pick-up in CAPEX by local telecom operators, and government and corporate
business. The local telecom operators resumed equipment tenders recently, so telecom equipment
Close: HK$15.24 (Aug 31, 2018)
suppliers, especially wireless names, should benefit after a challenging 1H 2018. However, the con-
sumer products segment is expected to lag behind, since it is more reliant on overseas markets. ZTE
TP (H): HK$18.67 (+22.5%)
is committed to investing in new technologies, such as IoT, 5G, IC design, software-defined networks
and high-end routers, which are growing areas in the telecommunications industry. We believe that
market confidence in ZTE will be restored somewhat after the Q3 and Q4 2018 results. In addition to
TP (A): RMB21.55 (14.4%)
recovery in operating performance, news flow on 5G development in China is a major share price
catalyst for ZTE. We maintain our BUY rating with a new target price of HK$18.67, based on 14x
Share Price Performance
2019E PER, lower than the Company's historical mean of 22x and lower than the industry average of
16.3x. The downward revision is due to lower a PER multiple (cut from 23x to 14x) used. The target
(HK$)
(HK$ million)
price for ZTE-A (000063.CH) is RMB21.55, based on a 17% premium to ZTE-H (Hang Seng Connect
China AH Premium Index). We have a HOLD rating on ZTE-A.
Investment Highlights
1H 2018: Marked the trough. ZTE's turnover dropped 27.0% YoY to RMB39,433.8m in 1H 2018.
The Company reported a net loss of RMB7,824.2m in 1H 2018 vs. a net profit of RMB1,951.5m in 1H
2017. The results were in line with the mid-point of previous guidance. Revenue for the carrier net-
work segment and consumer business reported a YoY decline of 27% and 36%, respectively, in 1H
Nov17
Jan18
Mar18
May18
Jul18
Sep17
2018. Revenue from government and corporate business grew 18% YoY in 1H 2018. The Company's
Tumover (RHS)
Price (LHS)
blended gross profit margin improved 2.6% YoY in 1H 2018 due to a higher contribution from the
Source: Bloomberg.
carrier network segment, which has a higher gross profit margin. The net loss in 1H 2018 was due
mainly to business suspension and a penalty payment as a result of the US denial order. The penalty
booked in 1H 2018 was RMB6.4bn, and there was an RMB2.5bn YoY increase in provisions and
write-offs in 1H 2018. ZTE issued a profit alert for Jan-Sep 2018, which guided a net loss of
RMB6.8bn-7.8bn. Based on announcement, ZTE is likely to report a net profit in Q3 2018, which
indicates the Company is on the track to recovery.
Local market potential to drive recovery. We share the view that the market might have con-
cerns about the growth outlook for ZTE, given the potential market share loss in overseas markets in
both the equipment and consumer products segments. We believe that the consumer product seg-
ment will lag behind, but that the equipment and non-operator business, especially that related to 5G
development in China, should drive recovery in Q4 2018 and 2019. We maintain the view that since
5G is an area supported by the Chinese government, it will generate growth potential for equipment
makers such as ZTE. In addition to wireless equipment, ZTE has invested in new technologies that
allow Company to benefit from adoption of new technologies like NB-IoT.
Outperformance to continue. ZTE outperformed recently, and we believe that the market is
treating it as a proxy for 5G investment in China. We expect more news flow on 5G to emerge later
this year and drive up shares of ZTE. ZTE's outperformance is expected to continue as concerns
gradually fade.
Source: Bloomberg, Company data
Mark Po, CFA — Senior Analyst
Wong Chi Man, CFA — Head of Research
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Sources: Company, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any
jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China
Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing
requirement within such jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International
Financial Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly
or implied) is made as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past perfor-
mance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regard-
ing future performance. The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where
necessary consult their own independent financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this
report, such views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings
Limited and any of its subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy Interna-
tional and/or the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report
and its attachment/s and/or any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy
International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this
report, and such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) men-
tioned in this report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transac-
tions with the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a
position or holding, or other material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in
issues of, any or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or invest-
ment services in relation to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this
report within the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered
in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or
her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of
this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies cov-
ered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
: share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
: share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
HOLD
; no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co.,
Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.