Accelerating performance growth, digital, two-wheel drive of vehicles
\triangleright achieves revenue of $5.764 billion, an increase of 6.5% over the same period; returns to mothers of $922 million, a rise in performance and increased profitability.
\triangleright good product, return of vehicle-borne product, 3q22 revenue of $2.028 billion, year-on-year increase - 1.33 pct - stock transfer has led to a significant increase in the q2 Māori ratio, excluding this factor affecting the profitability of the company
The ring is stronger than the ring, the communications product structure is optimized and the vehicle product is moving to higher end. The dollar balance of companies is larger, the dollar appreciation has led to an increase in the exchange rate of $80 million in the first three quarters of 2022 over the same period, company numbers, double-wheel drive of the car market, and high-performance pcb demand.
The focus of the division has shifted from the 5g wireless side to network equipment and data centres, and the industry is in the process of digesting stocks in the short to medium term, but the demand for servers, switches, data storage, routers, etc. from the global digitalization transition is booming in the medium to long term.
In the case of the automobile market, with the resumption of the supply chain and the product closing, a number of two lanes for cars, technological advantage development and 2022/08/upgrades continue to drive the release of related pcb products.
The trend in auto electrification and intelligence has led to deep reporting of motor power (002463.sz): the growing demand for high-frequency, high-speed plates and new challenges to pcb performance and reliability.
The engine grew, and industry leaders sailed on 2022/07/1 and gradually concentrated their resources in the direction of the hdi board, using the technological advantages of the dotted board to drive the growth of the board. The line of production was upgraded to meet emerging-market demands, and Singapore-Thailand affiliates were set up to improve their overseas layout.
\triangleright upgrades and targeted expansions of key technologies and processes at \triangleright and \triangleright to \twirl plants, to accelerate the transfer of motor panel capacity to the Yellowstone plant, and to optimize the upgraded production lines to meet emerging market needs
The company established a Singapore subsidiary to leverage the strengths of the Singapore International Trade Centre to expand its foreign operations and invest; it planned the construction of a Thai production base at the Ghana Industrial Park, the capital of Thailand, with a two-phased input for the Chinese plant and a three-phase input for the production of equipment, with a certain size planned for the first half of 2025.
Investment proposals: Considering that the company continues to optimize its product structure during server and switch upgrades, the gas \triangleright is twice as high. We look forward to the company’s long-term growth in the global digital transformation and the wave of auto electricization and intelligence.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.