On December 29, 2022, the company issued an announcement that it intended to accept Schweizer with its own funds at $3.345 million.
\triangleright electronics. 57.1795% shareholding of Winner Electronics Co. Ltd. \twisdom transfer agreement, which will become a company holding subsidiary.
\triangleright holds 87.1795% of the winning shares; the company holds 12.8205% of the winning shares, and the company indirectly holds approximately 17.2092% of the winning shares through Schweizer.
The Department will hold 70% of the winning policy, while the company and Schweizer intend to increase their registered capital from Euro58.5 million to Euro87.760.23 million, and the replenishment will be prioritized by the company.
Indirectly holding 3.9480% of the stake in the winning policy. The winning policy will become a company-owned subsidiary and will be included in the statement.
On December 18, 2017, the main business was the printing of circuit boards and the encapsulation of electronic products.
Li Xiaoqing Won, net profit of $229 million; $174 million, net profit of $132 million, achieved in the first three quarters of the year 22; the main reason for the continued loss in recent years is that p2pack is still in a technology convergence period.
Schweizer will provide all the technical and operational support that he can provide to his biggest client, and Schweizer has promised to deliver the p2pack-related products, while Szweizer’s shareholdings will help to make him productive. In January 22, the company gained its share of 12.82% and held its share directly.
1. The company ' s confidence in its development, demonstrated by the tri-quarters of 2022 (002463.sz), is conducive to the consolidation of resources and the promotion of improved performance.
2. Mid-year evaluation of the share of electricity (002463.sz) in 2022: about 25 per cent of the company ' s pcb revenues have been generated, and technological advantage has been developed in a number of pcb double lanes for cars - 2022/08/
Performance and reliability requirements are also increasing. Pcb using p2pack technology can be applied to hybrid/pure power-driven systems. This technology has the following advantages: 1) optimize the heat transfer path between the chip and pcb, and 3.
To reduce the heat resistance of the system, thereby increasing its power density and evasive efficiency. 2) Effectively reducing the sensor sense, car relay growth, industry leaders sailing up to 2022/07/1 to speed up the switches, improve the blast-through performance and improve interchip electromagnetic interference. 3) Effectively reducing the size of the system.
It can also be insulated, thereby significantly reducing the cost of the system. 4) Effectively improves system integration and enhances system reliability.
Investment proposal: to maintain a “recommended” rating, taking into account the continuous optimization of the structure of the company's products in the communications market, the effect of the layout of the motor panel products, the long-term growth in the light of the wave of electricization and intelligence. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.