Researchchand developmentcenter leads technology and senses infinite.
On April 25th, 2021, he led the technology and sensed it.
On April 25th, 2021, with its cis operations at its core, multi-product lines co-developed a new journey for Weir. Howetech was the third global supplier of cmos image sensors, officially acquired in 2019 by Weir shares.
Weir shares (603501.sz) The acquisition of high-quality assets such as Spico, synaptics, etc. for the past two years, and the strengthening of research and development in the interior in the areas of separate devices, radio frequency, analogic, etc., have led to a co-production of multiple product lines based on the cis business at its core.
Corporate income and profits continued to grow at a very high rate in the first quarter of 2021, up from an all-time high in the next quarter, reflecting good growth after horizontal expansion of the company’s ownership. As Howard technology’s hands and machine-cis products become more competitive, car-borne, medical-cis, security-cis, other cis-businesses, etc.
High-speed growth and the company’s continued dynamism in radio frequency, tddi, fingerprint recognition, etc., are expected to continue with a high growth in company performance.
Since the advent of a capable mobile phone, mobile phone cameras have undergone several technological changes, contributing more than half of their value as a core part of the chain of the mobile camera industry. Although overall smartphone innovation has slowed in recent years, optical innovation has not stopped, and the trend of high pixels and multiple cameras of mobile phones continues, periscopes, depths, etc.
From the cellular cis industry, we think that (1) three shots is a long-term trend, and that the flagship is more innovative. We think that the next three cameras will be the mainstream module of the smart machine, with 17.85% and 21.8%, respectively, of the world's intelligence, according to idc data, q3 in 2020.
The aircraft has a single and double camera programme. The market has sufficient potential to shift to three. (2) The high pixel ratio continues to rise, with the “big bottom” driving value increase. The HPI penetration rate for 48mp and above has increased rapidly in the last two years, from just 0.01% in 2018 to the first three quarters of 2020.
Nearly 35%, and the main camera on board the flag ship has been increasing, with 10-to-the-peer on Howeov48c, the optical size of which has increased to 1.132 inches. (3) Sony Three Stars, Howayov 64b, is standing up. Howie leads the market by 0.7 μmov64b.
The company is expected to sell 0.61 mm48m in the course of the year (excavating apples and tristars), with a large share in the increase.
The number of cameras on a bicycle is increasing. For Teslamodel3, with eight cameras, the latest release of the et7 is 11 cameras. According to yole development and icinsights, the number of cameras on board the global car was transmitted from 2016 to 2019.
The size of the sensor market is $500 million, $700 million, $900 million, and $1.3 billion, respectively, and the car market will be the second largest cmos image sensor application after cell phones. On the supply side, Ansomé and Howie have a larger market share in carciss, with the city in 2018.
The rates are 36% and 22% respectively. With car cis having a higher demand for high-hdr, lfm, etc., Howie has a unique advantage in high-dynamic, small-pixel domains, he continues to roll out in-house car cis, such as the launch of the global lead car crystal camera ovm9284ccc module in June 2020, which is the smallest in the world.
A car camera is more than 50% less powerful than a competition that is close to its performance. Howe-Tech, one of the world’s two drivers of Carborne Cis, is expected to benefit fully from the wave of auto-drives in the future, taking the lead in the re-engineering of car cos.
Other cis: Nighthawk technology leads the market and the medical field remains quiet. Since 2012, cos image sensors have gradually been replaced with ccd in the field of security. In 2015 the market for cos image sensors exceeded ccd.
Technology is at the forefront of the security market, and the NvxelTM near-infrared imaging technology developed by the company is an application of advanced, near-infrared technology.
Shinda Securities Co. Ltd. Top market cos sensor supplier, occupation of industry pioneers, development of a rich product mix, and cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
The development of adjoining markets, such as industry and veterinary consultations, has led to a large share of the market. In the future, as the market for endoscopic mirrors is becoming increasingly depleted, there is much to be done in the medical field, as the 9th House of the City of Beijing, in the West Side, has become more popular.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: For the first time, a “buy-in” rating is given, based on the company's business situation and future trends in the industry, to the company's leading position in the cmos image sensor area and its future value in emerging areas such as automobile electronics.
At the industry level, there is a long-term trend: we believe that the next three cameras will be the mainstream module for smart machines, based on idc data.
Statistics, q3 in 2020, 17.85% and 21.8% of the world ' s smart machines are still carrying a single and double camera programme. The market has sufficient potential to shift to three. It is believed that the total demand for a global smartphone back-to-back camera will increase from 1,987 million in 2018 to 4,032 million in 2024, with an average compound growth rate of 12.52% per year, with an average single intelligence player.
The number of cameras on board will also increase from 2.4 in 2018 to 4.0 in 2024. Moreover, with higher imaging effects and value for money, the trend of innovation in the master and by-catch upgrades will continue: we believe that the upgrade of cameras on the high-end flag ship is still on the ground plus high pixels; and that the low- and medium-end flag ship is more focused on the value of products while pursuing high pixels.
At the company level, Howe insists on a differentiated competitive path, with the potential for a bending overboard in terms of process processing, image algorithms, etc. Howe’s lead over the market, 0.7 μmov64b, has now become a mainstream medium-end machine programme, while companies have one.
With a target market of 0.61 μm48m in the year, the target market is aiming for an entry-level type in the 1000-2000 price range. The market space 2 should focus on the major opportunities for auto-drive trends to get off the car ciss, which we believe will become the second-growth curve for company relay smartphone cis in the next 2-3 years. Yole predicts that the global car cis market will reach its size in 2023.
About $3.2 billion. We believe that, with the development and maturity of autopilot and advanced auxiliary system technology, the size of the car-car-car-based cis market will reach over $5 billion in the long term, on average, with an average of 10,000-100 million. In the area of howell technology, howell, howy, howy-how, deep-farmed cars, over a period of more than 15 years, there have been more than 800 million shipments in the area of automobiles, in a high dynamic range (hdr), led scinturing.
(lfm) Carborne Chis has a deep accumulation and unique advantage in higher technology requirements, and it is hoped that the future will challenge Ansomy’s dominance in carciss.3 The market should focus on the growth potential beyond corporate ciss, and tddi, among others, leads to an increase in performance.
In the field of leading and growing space, companies have accumulated deep in separate devices, analogues, radio frequency (RF)ic, etc., and products such as public tvs, ldos have stabilized in the first place in the domestic consumer market: in the field of tddi, companies have acquired synaptics-based single chip-drilling and display-driven integration chip operations based on Asia, and are progressing well in the development of new products.
The company has achieved full coverage from hd720p to fhd1080p, showing frame rates ranging from 60hz, 90hz, 120hz to 144hz, full coverage of products from 120hz to 240hz, and, with 100 per cent of the business and schedule in 2021, with cis operations at its core, multi-product lines co-developed a new journey for Weir.
HowellTechnology: The world’s leading chis chip leader HowieTech is the third largest C.C.S. image sensor provider worldwide. Howell, United States, registered in Silicon Valley in 1995, was listed in 2000 and was given limited investment in 2016 by Sino-China Capital, China’s Cui-chio Investment Management Company Ltd. and Goldstone.
A consortium of companies, acquired at a cost of $1.9 billion, became a fully-owned subsidiary of Howie in Beijing, and in 2019 the main products and technologies of Wey Howe included cios image sensors (cis chip, csimagesensor), specific circuit products (asic), micro-image module encapsulation (ccc module, cameracubechip) and silicon liquid crystals.
The projection shows chips (lcos) and so on, in the field of cis, and in 2019, according to yole data, the areas of application of Howe technology products in the global city of Howetech covered consumer electronics and industrial applications, including smart phones, vehicle cameras, medical cameras, surveillance equipment, drones, vr/ar cameras, etc.
In the past 25 years, Howie has built on research and development, leading many industries. The first asic product was launched in 1999: the first cell phone chip in the world in 2002: the first 1.3 million and 2 million pixels in the world in 2004.
The first vehicle, the hdr-soc sensor, was launched in 2007: the first car, the cis and crystallized circular optical technology (wlo): in 2009, the omnibsi architecture was activated, and the first anti-cis chip was launched: the first, based on lcos technology and purecel, was launched in 2013.
The advanced pixel array ' s cis chip; the launch of the first global exposure chip in 2014; and the release of the rgb-ir option in 2015, which is a prototype of the night eagle technology: the first in business eagle technology in 2017: the second generation of night eagle technology in 2020, the nyxel2 and the first in industry, the cis chip ov64b, the size of 0.7 μm pixels.
In the mastery of core technology, Howie has accumulated a number of pixels, such as nighthawk technology and purecel, omnibsi technology, hdr high dynamic range technology, camacubecipTM camera cubes, lcos solutions for integrated single chips for ar and vr systems, etc.
The R & D system is well-structured, the R & D staff is well equipped, and the R & D costs are largely stable. Howe, as a leading company in the coms image and sensor industry, has for many years developed a systematic R & D system that trains and stores people and 870 R & D personnel, representing 57.53% of the total number of company employees.
In terms of revenue collection, the growth of Howe technology after privatization has been more stable, with revenues of 79.44, 90.34, the effects of product restructuring in 2016-2020, the strategic abandonment of some of the lower-morigin products by companies, and the diversion of market resources to smartphones,
The five main areas of surveillance, automobiles, medical care, ar/vr are concentrated. After being acquired by Weir in 2019, after a year of integration, the company went back to the growth path with a first recovery of $10 billion and a further 15 billion in 2020, and the Māori ratio is more pronounced than the Māori ratio. In 2017, the company Māori ratio was only 23.13%, and in 2018.
Privatization effects, one-off employee incentive scheme in 2016, US tax changes in 2017, one-off tax matters in 2018, and a significant increase in profitability and profitability in 2019.
The company’s products are widely applied downstream, mainly in the markets for mobile phones, security, cars, etc. In 2018, Howell received $1 billion, or 13.57 per cent, and the remaining downstream industries, mainly computers, entertainment, etc., accounted for about 10 per cent. By product, Cis is the core of Howie’s product. In 2020, around 96 per cent of Howie’s income came from cis chips, or about 4 per cent.
The income comes from other products, including the crystal circle camera module (cameracubechip), the silicon liquid crystal (lcos) display, asic (related to image processing). The global cis ranks in the top three, with multi-area shares rising.
Howie is ranked third in the global cis field. According to tsr, Howie was ranked third in 2019 with 9.5% of market share, after Sony and Samsung. Sony, ranked first, had 49.1%, Samsung 17.9%, and other competitors included Ansomy, who had a certain advantage in car ciss through the acquisition of aptina, as well as Hercules and Trinity.
According to bdo's ccd/cmos image sensor market analysis, HoweTech is at the top of the world in many applications such as medical, electro-cerebral/network cameras, security, cars, mobile phones, etc. Howe's terminal customers cover high-quality head manufacturers in various fields.
For example, there are major national brand manufacturers of mobile phones: automobile customers are the world ' s leading car manufacturers, such as BMW and Mercedes: the security sector comprises two leading domestic producers, Haekong Wai, and Da Hwa: entertainment and other areas cover Sony, Hewlett-Packard and other internationals, and Weir shares: both internal and external, asset acquisition support is emerging.
Founded in 2007, the company was initially involved in the design and marketing of semiconductor separation devices and power management, and then expanded its scope and scope of operations through endogenous and extraterrestrial growth. On the endogenous side, in 2015, the company set up a subsidiary, Shanghai Weiku, to design and develop Ina and ble chip products: a new subsidiary, Shanghai Rock and Shanghai Sakazu, in 2016.
In terms of outreach, the company acquired Hong Kong Waqqing and Beijing Kyung-sung in 2013 and expanded semiconductor distribution: Beijing Shigeon in 2014 and satellite live feed chip operations in 2015
No tin mesh, extending to the field of radio frequency chips: design and distribution of the global third largest cmos image sensor in 2018; sale of corporate Howie technology, Spico and visual sources into the field of image sensor chips; purchase of synapticsincorporated single chip-based crystal-touching and display-driven chip operations at $120 million in April 2020
(tddi) In January 2021, Shenzhen Giddys, with a share of 65.77%, reinforced the layout of intelligent displays of the master chip field, such as amoled. In addition, the company has added an additional vs and fingerprint identification line to improve the product line layout.
With regard to semiconductor designs, the current corporate semiconductor design is image sensor products, touch control and display drive integrated chip and other semiconductor device products (including separation devices and simulation chips, etc.). With regard to the coss sensor, the subsidiary Howetech and Sbyko have a co-ordinated low-end cos sensor in the high school of fabrics.
Device chips, silicon-based LCD projectors (lcos), micro-image module encapsulation (cameracubechip), specific-purpose integrated circuit products (asic) four core products; in the case of separation devices, corporate products include tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.: in the case of simulation chips, corporate products include power managementic, radio frequency devices and ic, satellite live broadcasts
Chips, mems microphone sensors. Corporate products are widely used in mobile communications, vehicle electronics, security, network communications, distribution operations, and companies are among the leading distributors of semiconductor products in the country. Companies, as typical technology-based semiconductor distributors, are closely linked to the original plant.
The technology support team and a well-developed supply chain management system maintain close cooperation with major global semiconductor suppliers, domestic module manufacturers, and end-users.
The products distributed by the company can be divided into electronic components (including resists, capacitors, senses, crystals, plugs, connectors, etc.), structural devices, separate devices, integrated circuits, display screens, etc.
The company’s equity structure is concentrated, and Mr. Hur is the real controller. Mr. Yin-young is the company’s first shareholder, with a direct share of 31.50%. The second largest shareholder, the Schochen Weihouse Investment Fund, is a co-organizer, holding 9.31% of the company’s shares, so that the chairman and his co-activators together hold more than 40% of the shares, and the company’s equity structure is more concentrated.
Hong Kong Central Bank Limited, with 6.07% shareholdings. The Qingjia Consort and Investment Centre are the fourth largest shareholders, with 4.54% shareholdings. The remaining 10 shareholders include the Beijing Haoway Stockholding Platform Seagulls (a3) and Seagulls (a.1% of total stock holdings as of the end of the first quarter of 2021), and Ka Hing and Qing are all in the Hua Qing Kei industry.
By the end of the first quarter of 2021, companies held 4.83 per cent of their shares, while the Shanghai Tang Xiao held 1.36 per cent of their shares. Three rounds of equity incentives were introduced to enhance corporate cohesion. Since 2017, three rounds of employee holding schemes have been implemented, bringing the total number of participants to 2400, or 84 per cent of the total number of companies in the first half of 2020.
Managers and core technicians. In 2017, a restricted equity incentive scheme was implemented, targeting 195 persons and awarding 10,000. In 2020, stock options and restrictive stock plans were implemented, targeting a total of 1212 persons, granting stock options 766.82.4 Financial analysis: with a cis operation at its core, profit rates and cost rates have improved simultaneously
In recent years, corporate revenue has grown steadily, with a sharp increase in revenue and net profits in 2019, as the balance sheet of howl. In terms of revenue, the company’s operating income has grown from 2,161 million yuan in 2016 to 3,964 million yuan in 2018, and has continued to grow at a relatively high rate, with the combined effect of a year, reflecting good growth after the horizontal expansion of the industry.
And $139 million, which remains stable. After the merger of the bid was acquired in 2019, the net return on the company to the mother increased significantly to $466 million; in some cases, the company’s profitability increased considerably.
After the company acquired Howie and Spico in 2019, its semiconductor design revenue increased from 20.99 per cent in 2018 to 74.13 per cent of its annual operating income, becoming the company’s core business.
The company’s tddi business contributed $744 million in 2020, with a revenue ratio of 3.75%, and is expected to grow at a high rate with the year-round consolidation of the business in 2021. Following the company’s business restructuring with Spico, the share of semiconductor product design R & D increased significantly, with a Māori ratio of 30%.
The annual net interest rate rose to 5.2 per cent in 2019, and in 2020, with respect to the net interest rate of companies, the overall improvement in the cost of the company period has been maintained since 2019 q3. With regard to research and development during the first quarter of 2021, companies have focused on technological R & D and continued to increase their R & D inputs.
In 2020, corporate R & D investment amounted to approximately 2,099 million yuan, an increase of 23.91 per cent, representing 12.16 per cent of semiconductor design business sales revenue. R & D costs increased by 1,727 million yuan, a significant increase of 128.13 per cent, the share of operating income.
Research and development in the cmos image sensor chip area has been continuously increasing on the basis of product-type R & D inputs. As of 2020, the company had 4126 patents, of which 3947 were patents and 179 were functionally new: 141 rights to design integrated circuits and graphics: 112 rights to write software.
As of 2020, there were 1644 research and development staff in companies, representing 49.95% of the total workforce. Masters’ teams are being built, and teams are being stabilized, and strategic and talent placements are being made for subsequent development.
5. Other business: multi-product line development, acquisition of synaptics layout tddi operations cis, mid- and low-end Spico positioning, refinement of product lines in collaboration with Howie, high-value microchips in megapixels, and a higher share of corporate cos image sensors in the domestic market for low- and medium-end smartphones.
The main competitors are domestic cis manufacturers, such as Gkowi, Biadei, and sharp core microelectronics. The company's core technologies are “superpixed” and “superimage.” Spico is located mainly in the mobile phone sector, entering the Anilong Head chain in 2018. According to the announcement, Sipiko, 2016.
In 2017 and 2018, operating income was $461 million, $460 million and $609 million, respectively. Spico’s main operating income was more than 90% from mobile phones, security, and other services. However, during the second half of 2018, he managed to enter the domestic supply chain of video surveillance and security solutions, such as Da Hua, Zhejiang. In 2018, the sales of surveillance products generated $5,96.12 million, an increase of 484.3 per cent.
The company will have a division of business with Beijing Howie and Spico according to the future development strategy of listed companies. Beijing Howie has a strong R & D and technological advantage, based on his own high-quality R & D team and the city.
The field-leading empirical technology will be primarily responsible for the development of high-end cmos image sensors, mass production and products from emerging markets: and Spico will have a lower cost, a higher value for money advantage and will rely on its long-established supply chain system, primarily for the development and production of medium- and low-end cmos image sensors.
In the area of tvs, the national consumer market is number one, and the mosfet is opening up. In the area of tvs, the company is in the lead in the area of ultra-inflexible high-speed signal protection devices and has developed various types of hypothermia protection chips, including diode, npn and scr, with capacitors as low as 0.1 pf, plier volts as low as 4.5v, performance.
To achieve international leadership, which would meet the stringent requirements of customers, and replace foreign products such as semtech, onon and infinineon ' s mosfet product lines, which focus on the three main applications of lithium battery protection, cellular board applications and fast chargers, the company ' s products are now gradually entering the net from the consumer market and securing the market. The company has taken the lead in the country.
Super-low resistance to 1mohm, csp covers a double-n single-ton lithium battery to protect mosfet, and plans to launch a double-section of lithium batteries this year to protect ultra-low resistance mosfet, where the company has a leading position and gradually expands its advantage in mosfet. dfn2x2 small-scale containment products, the lowest resistance industry, applied to charge management and port protection, good customer appreciation, products
Other applications, such as smart wear, laptops, flat screens, web access, security, etc., are also not being replicated.
In the direction of ldo, the company took the lead in the country in developing a high frequency inhibition ratio (100k~1mhz, with a minimum of psrr over 55db) ldo, which is used mainly for ultra-high pixel cell phone camera cis power supply, while also developing a 0.5 ua super low capacity ldo, which is used mainly in various areas of smart wearing and iot networking, with product performance being entirely replaced.
(a) The highest-end model abroad, with stable volume production, has developed multiple series and models, with more than 500 million deliveries achieved in 2019, and in consumer-type markets it is in the top position of a domestic design firm;
ovpic: The ovp performance and cost of built-in 120v wave tubes are the best in the country. The new definition, developed built-in wave tubes, with up to 300v or more of the ovp chip, miniaturized with csp-12 caps, compatible with 120v flood tubes and leading industry technology.
(b) In the area of signal interfaces, the analogswitch product line covers two:1/4:8:1 generic models of low wear and tear.
Switches; there are also high-speed, low-time, low-string, high-segregation digital switches that satisfy a wide range of high-speed interface applications such as usb, mipi, edp, hdmi, sata, thunderbolt: there are also ultra-low-fi audio applications for ultra low-realization, large-scale, high-density, high-letter noise, relay-type professional switches; and rounded-type-c applications have been integrated into digital simulations.
In the field of radio frequency chips, the focus of research and development of corporate products is mainly on high-performance radio frequency chips.
The company re-engineer its original product according to client demand, while developing two high- and low-end multi-products to ensure that the company’s product adequately meets the market’s differentiated needs. The medium- and high-frequency gain of lte-lnaws7931de and high-frequency gain of lte-lnaws7931de engineering samples were tested to meet design expectations.
In response to the demand for mems products in recent years in markets such as the Internet, smart homes, etc., companies have refined and developed silicon products in mobile phones, smart sound boxes, tws headphones, and smart robots during the reporting period.
In the area of headphones, the company further reduced its product capacity, and the small-scale low-power product developed by the company, which is now a leader in the country, has been adopted by well-known national brands.
In the field of tddi, the company acquired synaptics-based single chip liquid crystal-touch and display-driven integration chip operations based on Asia, which are used mainly to receive image data from cell phones, drive lcd screen displays, and detect user-touch control signals for human interaction with smartphones. The company has now achieved Hd720p to fhd1080p, displaying frames.
Rates range from 60hz, 90hz, 120hz to 144hz, which supports full product coverage from 120hz to 240hz. On the basis of proprietary technology, enhanced programs such as image colours, contrasts, clarity, etc. can be provided; contact-control noises can be increased, lower contact rates and inefficiencies can be reduced; and power consumption can be reduced and clients can be helped to reduce aggregate costs by reducing peripheral components.
Different sizes, resolution, and wrapping types provide distinctive product solutions. td4150 was developed in the first half of 2020 with a hd720*1,600 resolution, supporting a-sidualgatepanel's tddi product, which has started to be produced.
In addition, the company entered Shenzhen Gildis in January 2021, with a 65.7% shareholding rate and increased in amoled, etc.
Intelligent displays the layout of the master chip field.
Chips, the country’s oldest producer of flexible amoled displays of master chip. Second, the cis industry: market size is growing steadily, technological progress is never more than a device that converts light signals to a telecom, and is the core of the camera module.
The audio loop motors, infrared filters, image sensors, etc., are the core components of the camera module, which, according to Trendforce, represents 52% of the entire mobile camera chain. The image sensor is a device that converts light signals into a telecom, and the image image is made from the light through the lens and filtering device to the image sensor.
Image sensors are divided into two categories: ccd (chargedcoupleddeviceimagesensor, charge-coupled device image sensor) and cnos (complementarymetal-oxide-simiconductomagesensor, complementary gold, semiconductor image sensors for oxides).
The years began to focus on securing substantial R & D resources, with a higher market share from year to year, and are now widely applied to applications such as smartphones, auto electrons, medical images, etc. The world’s leading cmos image sensor suppliers include Samsung, Sony, Howie, etc.
Cis is an optical sensor whose main components include microscopes, filters, coss and process circuits. The cos image sensor first converts the brightness and colour of the object's view from a light signal to a telecom, then reads the signal sequentially and converts the adc (analogdigitalvertor) arrays.
Modules are converted to digital signals, which are eventually pre-processed, and image information is transmitted to the platform via a transmission interface. The number of pixels on a cis is the number of components that separate the cis sensors, each of which is uniquely sensed, and all of the pixels combine the light results into the final image.
The market has grown steadily and automobile electronics are on the verge of becoming operational year ~2019, with global sales growing from 2.19 billion to 6.36 billion, with a 16.5 per cent annual compound growth rate; markets growing from $552 billion to $16.54 billion, with an annual compound growth rate of 17.0 per cent.
The coronary epidemic has led to a slowdown in end-market sales, which is expected to reach $17.75 billion. Frest&sullvan predicts a steady increase in future cis markets, reaching $23.84 billion in 2024, corresponding to $9.11 billion in downstream markets, which are widely applied to cameras in a variety of areas, such as mobile phones, cars, security, industry and medical care.
According to frost&sullivan data, in 2019 mobile phones accounted for 73% of sales in the downstream market of cis, and were the main end-use applications of cis, followed by car electrons and other consumer electronics such as tablet computers, laptops and other consumer electronics, accounting for 10% and 9% respectively. By 2024, new applications in the field will drive a sustained increase in sales of cmos image sensors, and cell phones use cmos.
Image sensors will continue to maintain a major market share of 69%, with auto electrons the fastest growing downstream application market, which will rise from 10% in 2019 to around 14%. According to market competition patterns, in 2019, the top three producers in the global cis market were soy,
Tristar and Howie, with 42 per cent, 21 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, combined, 73 per cent, industry flagship effects 2, display of technology core core cores, cis technological advances never more than 2.1 core indicators, optical dimensions critical
As the most important sensor in the electronics industry, the cis chip has a direct impact on consumer experience in the consumer electronics industry, and in areas such as auto medicine, it determines the image-sense capabilities of the equipment, which in turn has a bearing on the lives of the population. So, how do you evaluate the image quality of the cis chip, which generally has the following core technical indicators: optical dimensions, large pixels, etc.
Small, pixel numbers, frame rates, sensor architecture, albedo, dynamic range, sensitivity, quantum efficiency, etc. Among the many technical indicators, optical dimensions determine the size of the cis chip, which is the most critical factor in its imaging quality, and core indicators (commonly known as the bottom level presses dead), and optical dimensions are usually marked in a 1n inch way, with values equivalent to those of 1 n inch.
The increase in optical dimensions will directly and dramatically reduce the number of crystals cut out per crystal circle, thereby increasing the demand for crystals. The size of high pixel chips is also relatively large in certain cases in the case of pixels (pixelsize).
In the case of two products: Howe 64m1/2” and 24m1/2.83, the same number of ciss is produced at the same rate, and 64m is doubled in the use of crystal round products compared to 24m. In addition to optical dimensions, the cis chip has a number of parameters that have an important impact on the final image of the product.
Mainstream smartphones have about 2 million-64 million pixels on the market, while some manufacturers have launched 100 million pixel smartphones; anti-car electrons have about 2 million pixels and below. In terms of high frame rates, the current market mainstream cmos image sensors have about 30fbs. In addition, there are a number of manufacturers that have achieved global speed, low visibility, high dynamic range, etc.
The pursuit of these trends, together with the development of cos image sensor technology, poses a challenge. On the one hand, with the increase in the number of pixels, the size of the data involved has increased significantly, and the cos image sensors have become more sensitive to data reading and location.
The speed requirements have increased accordingly, and the high frame rate has become more difficult to achieve, while large-scale data have led to more coms-mapping problems, like sensors, increasing the overall difficulty of designing products. On the other hand, as consumers generally seek to match the photo performance of a single anti-camera with a “light” and “light” mobile phone appearance, the terminal is constantly pursuing the above technical indicators.
At the same time, there are stringent requirements for the miniaturization of cameras, which also pose challenges for chip designers. In order to address these challenges, major manufacturers have made major breakthroughs in the design of circuits and chip structures, arithmetic optimization, process improvement, etc.
In order to enhance the overall imaging effect, the bsi technology, the high-level cmos image sensor, which has gradually spread to the market since 2009, has changed the direction of light entry (from front-of-fsi to back-of-bsi) by separating electrical components from light, effectively reducing the loss of photons and significantly increasing the quantum efficiency of cmos image sensors.
In addition, in order to meet higher pixels and the growing need for camera performance, head manufacturers began to roll out the products of the stacking program on the base of the backscoat cis, stacking up 3d elements, image signal processing chips, storage chips, etc.
Reduction of sensor encapsulation size and peripheral circuit interference with the light cells, and rapid reading and processing of large-scale data in high pixels. The stacked sensors have smaller chip structures and faster location speeds, compared to the conventional cnos sensors, and application of Tsv (silicon vents) technology for vertical conductivity between chips and chips, crystals and crystals.
From 2015, the share of the world’s major cis manufacturers in back-up products began to decline year by year, with a corresponding decline in production. In 2016, more and more stacking programs emerged, driving the mix of stacks and backsliding tsv (silicon vents)
In the future, mixed-tsv programs could be one of the new trends. Figure 33: From fsi to bsi to 3d stackedthewayto3dsemiconductor
2.3 Challenge optical limits and 0.61 mcis will be released in the course of the year, although optical dimensions are essential for imaging effects, as they increase in size, they will significantly increase the cost of the chip. So the major manufacturers will spare no effort in seeking microscopic pixels in order to enhance their performance, thus achieving a limited area of chip size.
The more pixels, ideally, the better the image resolution, the better the picture is, the better, the better the photo is, the better the clarity after being intercepted, the more powerful the digital centrifuge or, in the case of the same size, without improved design and process, the simple increase in the pixel number does not necessarily increase the imaging effect.
fruit. (1) Combining (crosestalk) problems, i.e., external light that originally belonged to a pixel, may pass through its proximity to pixels when it is projected in an inclined angle, through microscopes and colour filters, which may have a negative impact on imaging. (2) Microscopic gap problems, where the light has to pass through the microscopic mirror before reaching the pixels, and a small adjacent microscopic lens is present. (2) The microscopic gap problem, where the light has to pass through the microscopic lens before reaching the pixels.
In between, the outside light is unable to access pixels if it reaches this gap. (3) Non-storage program problems, where a part of the light area of the traditional non-store cos structure is electrical, increases in pixels in a small sense range can lead to a smaller individual pixel size.
But overall, the adverse effects of high pixels on imaging can be solved by technical means. (1) Serial problems can be solved through the gull separation program, with Sony first introducing deep-hull isolation technology (dti), i.e. separating between neighbouring pixels, to prevent collusion.
The new generation of Isocell 2.0 technologies can further reduce light loss and the interference between pixels by improving the inter-color filter blockage structure. Howie’s latest purecelplaus technology also achieves better pixel isolation and low-light performance by introducing deep-cell isolation (dti), buried colour filter arrays (bcfa) features.
The permeable gap in the lens leads to low use of the cis light, which can be solved by increasing the area covered by each microscope to remove the inopportunity interval. (3) The problem of non-store programmes, with a smaller area of pixel senses in the cmos structure of the non-store programmes, can be effectively addressed by stacking programmes.
Figure 36: The development of pixel technology has benefited from the breakthroughs in technology standards by a large number of manufacturers, and a trend of microcondensing of pixels. According to the research institute Techinsights, the trend in the size of cis pixels over the last 20 years has become smaller and smaller, according to the trend in the size of smartphones/digital cameras (dsc).
At present, in 48mp image sensors, pixels of 0.8 μm size have been mainstreamed. From 1.12 μm, the rate of technological development of pixel microdensification has been increasing, starting with 1.12 μm, with 1.0 μm to 0.9 μm taking four years, while 0.9 μm to 0.8 μm takes only one year and quickly replaces 0.9 μm in the mainstream of the market.
In April 2020, Howie spearheaded the launch of ov64b of 0.7 metre, taking advantage of the market. Three stars followed Howie’s footsteps, and also launched their own 0.7 metre product, which was less than half a year late than Howie’s.
Looking ahead, given that the longest red wavelength in the visible light is around 0.6-0.8 μm, 0.6 μm is also basically the limit size of a cmos sensor's individual pixel, below 0.6 μm, which is beyond the limit of optical diffraction and cannot be properly photographed. We expect that Howetech will launch the 0.61 μm product in the course of the year, continue to lead the process of microfiche of pixels, challenging the optical poles.
2.4 From cob to fc, the encapsulation process continues to be innovative. Currently, the traditional cos image sensor and camera module wrapping process includes both cob (chiponboard) and csp (chipscalepacage).
Head and frame (or motor) are glued to the base plate; csp connects the sensor chip to the base plate via smt weld, and then binds the lens and scaffold (or motor) to the base plate. In addition, under the overall screen trend, the miniaturization of the camera module has become a trend, with the major manufacturers actively promoting innovation.
Encapsulation processes, such as inverted chips (fc:flipchip) that apples have begun to use since iphone 5, with the shortest route between the chip and the base, provide a good transmission path for high-speed signals, with reduced weight and shape sizes due to the non-use of a fuse frame or plastic tube shell.
The csp process simplifies the processing process of the follow-up camera set by using glass protection of the light, the introduction of a tin ball fuse on the back, and reduces the cost of the module manufacture, and the csp encapsulated chip, due to its glass cover, requires a lower level of cleanliness, a better rate of cleanliness, low time for process equipment, short lead time but in optical accuracy, dispersive light, reliability, etc.
The main processes of the cob process, however, are: testing, thinning, cutting image sensor chips on the soft-combined flexible circuit board at the bottom of the camera module, in a super-cleaning environment, followed by a complex series of follow-up processes that can enhance the optical performance and reliability of the camera module and save space efficiently, but
Third, mobile phone cis: Growth and innovation have gone hand-in-hand, with Howe-Tech having been in the lead since the first mobile phone with photo capabilities was launched in 2000, and mobile phone cameras have undergone a number of technological changes since the beginning of the year.
The release of the first generation of Apple smartphones has received widespread market attention, and since then there has been a leap in the video capability of the phones. The back camera has risen rapidly from 2 million pixels of the first generation of iphones to 8 million pixels of iphone4s, and the cos image sensor has also undergone a shift from front to back.
As a result, end-users have invested more in research and development on the pre-screening cameras, gradually moving towards a mid-level configuration of 8 million pixels. In 2011, as the two-camera program moved to the market, the combination of multiple cameras on smartphones became the mainstream industry.
In 2017, Appleiphonex launched a 3d structure light project camera, marking a new technological development of 3d cameras. The mainstream end-state brands now use bi-directional imaging, structural light, and tof.
In addition to trends such as high pixels, multiple cameras, and 3d cameras, smartphone cameras have undergone a variety of technological changes, such as large optical circles, faster automatic focus, and optical anti-twitching. On the whole, users’ demand for quality, diversity and cos images of their own experiences has increased.
Sensor performance in all its aspects imposes more stringent requirements and contributes to growing demand in the market. 1. Three shots are a long-term trend, and the flagship has created more than apples and China, and major manufacturers are actively following up. The number of cameras on single phones continues to increase.
In June 2020, the number of P40pro+ cameras launched by China reached 7 (2 for the front and 5 for the back), and a single camera was added to a wide angle, super-wide angle, 3d perception, deep view, periscope, etc. Since the number of cameras was proportional to the number of components, the number of cameras directly contributed to the increased demand for the cos image sensors.
Data on idc, in the third quarter of 2020, the proportion of mobile phones with two or more units has exceeded 80 per cent, of which more than three have a machine-type ratio of about 60 per cent. Figure 40: Map of the evolution of the number of smartphone cameras
Figure 41: A map of the structure of the cis sensor, but with the advent of the 5g era, manufacturers are running low-priced 5g mobile phones to compete for pre-emptive advantage. Prices sink with the increase in the value of the 5g set and radio frequency, pushing down the cost of other parts, light.
The module, as a high-cost component, is believed to be subject to a phased impact. It is believed to have reached the electronics chain of research, processor: 8 series processors with high access to the flag ship, approximately US$ X$ X-100, more than US$ 30 higher than the 4g-era X-ray; and 7 series processors with high access are within US$ 45, but I...
They expect to raise the sales price of the new program by $10-20 in 2021. On the radio frequency chip: the flagship sub-6 has raised the value of the 4g program by about $15, even if it does not pursue the medium- and low-end type of aircraft covered by the full frequency band, the value of the program is about $5.
Under pressure from processors and radio-frequency chips, we believe that the mid-end model will stabilize in 2021 to a three-camera scenario, with the latest s7e selling at $2398, using a three-camera scenario of 64mp wide angles plus 8mp hyperbolic angles plus 2mp lenses, compared to the previous release of the s5/s6 model. The same is true for millet, which is the principal of 2000-4000 dollars.
The power machine, the red-mek 30s, has also dropped from four to three. Some investors fear that a reduction in the number of cameras will affect the performance of industry chain companies, from four to three, in terms of value, and generally reduce by a small distance or a human camera of between 2 and 5 million pixels, although the number of cameras is somewhat higher.
In addition, there is still room for improvement in the three-photo penetration rate. According to idc data, 17.85% and 21.8% of the world’s smart machines are still carrying single- and double-photo programmes in 2020.
According to electronic estimates, the total global demand for smartphone back-to-back cameras will increase from 1,987 million in 2018 to 4,032 million in 2024, with an average annual compound growth rate of 12.52 per cent, and the number of cameras on an average single smartphone will also increase from 2.4 in 2018 to 4.0 in 2024.
With regard to the flagship model, we believe that optical upgrades, such as the introduction of a periscope camera, iphone12pro series, have been installed for the first time on a lidar laser radar. We believe that as optical innovations such as periscope, tof, etc., become more mature in the future, their price segments will continue to sink to medium-end mainframe models, and we can expect to see optical creations.
The higher pixels, ideally, mean better image resolution. The higher pixel cameras usually take the lead on smart phones.
Yes, it determines the clarity and authenticity of cellular photo imaging. Consumers have a better sense of high pixels.
The ratio of high pixels up to 48mp and above has risen rapidly over the last two years. According to idc, in 2018, only 10 million smartphones came out, with a penetration rate of 0.01 per cent; by 2019, 48mp and above smartphones reached 178 million, with a rapid penetration rate of 13 per cent; and by the third quarter of 2020,
As high pixels become more permeable to lower- and lower-end machines, 48mp will gradually sink to lower-end machines. In the price range, for nearly three years, the trend of back-to-back master cameras towards higher pixels, whether low-end, middle-end or high-end smartphones, has been clear.
The 48 million and above pixels have quickly infiltrated medium- and low-end smartphones below $400, and low- and low-end markets below $400, with great room for growth, while the by-catched pixel upgrade trend will continue.
Flagships and low- and middle-end machines. High pixel upgrades are the main direction. Only the route is different, and high-floor pixels are marked for flag ships. For medium- and low-end machines, micropixel dimensions, with control costs, are the first priority. Howe-Tech, a pioneer in pixel-size microfiche, launched ov64b chips in April 2020, using 0.7 μm.
At the same time, with the launch in 2021 of the 0.61 μm 48mp product, howell technology will also shine in the market of the knapsacks. 2.2 The base + the high pixels will be branded as the flagship.
The consequence of miniaturization of pixelsize is that the ability of individual pixels to collect light decreases compared to low pixels of the same size, and the loss of sensitivity can lead to a reduction in the quality of the picture. The bigger the pixels, the more light they capture, the more detailed and coloured the photos, especially in weak light environments, they can take clear pictures.
The size of the cis is getting bigger to raise the cis intake and to accommodate more pixels. For example, it uses the 48mp Sensor ov48c of Howie, which is 1.132 inches.
In order to compete for the high-end flagship market, the cis manufacturer is also constantly launching high-pixel sensors. For example, the 64 million image sensor ov64a in Howie, whose pixel size is 1 μm, the optical size is 1.134 inches, compared to 64 million pixels in Howie 0.8 μm.
ov64a has increased its sensitivity by more than 60%, and performance is better under low light conditions. The combination of “large bottom” and high pixels, on the one hand, enhances image resolution and makes images clearer under conditions of sufficient light; and, on the other hand, achieves a higher multiplier rate of digital centrifugation or “mixed combustible” with optical centrifuge: it also allows for “example sampling”
But as this trend continues, there is an unprecedented increase in the demand for arithmetic, and in the performance of the processor, in the case of 100 million pixels, in the case of millicc9pro.
In addition, the size of the photo can be 27 m left, which causes problems not only of RAM, but also of slow reading. Moreover, factors such as the impact of hyperpixels, the limitations of the mirror's own resolution power, and image processing algorithms are all bound together to influence the final imaging effect.
So we expect that the bottom + high pixels will only be applied in the short term to the flagship type, with a long-term prospect of sinking to more. 2.3 In addition to the “large bottom” improvements to the filters and the cnos base structure, the other way to raise the cis in the light is to change the way the filters are arranged. Specifically, in the tradition,
Under the colour filter system of the Bayer array, each pixel can only sense a colour light in red and green, and eventually the film needs to be restored to the true colour of each pixel by some sort of "controversial" algorithm (anti-Bayer calculation). And Sony's Quadbayer array and three-star tetracell arrays are designed to achieve "four pixels together" and each of the four pixels is used in the same way.
Colour filters, which achieve a colour light per four pixels, are like synthesizing a large pixel four times the size of a single pixel, and the pixels become 12 mp. In practical applications, high-resolution images of effective pixels, 48 mp, can be produced directly through a single signal processor, using the above-mentioned new images in a weak/night view.
The four-pixel combination scenario is not as simple as the original 0.8-m pixel mutation to 1.6-μm megapixels. Sony's scenario, four pixels have larger surfaces than one pixel, but they are not comparable to a real large pixel, because
As a result, some manufacturers have proposed ways to convert the bottom structure of the cosmos sensor into light. For example, p30pro.
For the first time, the imx600ycis was changed from a traditional Bayrggb structure to a ryyb structure. Historically, Bayer at Coda first discovered that the eyes were most sensitive to green in the red green blue, and therefore proposed a red 2-green 1-blue rggb arrangement to turn black and white messages into coloured messages, the Bayer array.
Lights of the same colour enter, so the colouring of Bayer arrays can also lead to loss of light intensity in the conversion of colour information. The ryyb structure proposed by China replaces two green pixels (g) with yellow pixels (y), while yellow is made of green and red, thus increasing red light in comparison with the rggb structure, the ryyb structure in contrast to the red structure, which has been tested.
It can be raised to 40% of light, so it has an excellent dark light view. But because there are more yellow pixels, there are colored problems, which require powerful image processors and algorithms to achieve better coloration accuracy.
In the next three years, smartphones will remain the most important downstream application market for the cos image sensor industry. At present, back-up technology, global fast doors (gs), rolling doors (rs), 3d stacking technology, 3d sequential integration technology, etc., have been applied in the manual camera area will remain an important technology development for the future cos image sensor.
With the increase in the number of back-cams, the professional division of the different functional cameras will become more apparent, with a single cos image-transmission sensor company having difficulty in taking a leading position on all functions.
In the current pattern of competition, despite the speed with which Sony’s new product was released, howetech and Samsung-like products in Korea followed up so that no single manufacturer could create a full intergenerational advantage in the market. During the life cycle of the same generation (18 months or so), the product homogenization of the three producers was higher at most of the time, resulting in a market pattern of front competition.
According to Sony’s share of the smartphone sciss market fell from more than 55% in the first half of 2019 to 46% in 2020, three star electronics’ share remained at around 30%, and Howie’s share of the smartphone sciss market has reached 10%. It is expected that in the next 1-2 years, Sony, Samsung, and HoweTech are leading firms in Japan, or will take advantage of their technological advantages.
Focused on the development and design of a few functional cameras, each manufacturer will have a significant technical advantage in two to three of the main functions of colored masters, black and white feeders, wide angles, long focus, virtualization, video, 3d cross-matching, etc. So Sony and Samsung’s leading edge will gradually be pursued and even overtaken by Howie, and the market share gap between the three manufacturers is expected to be one.
Shrinking, Howie is expected to make further breakthroughs at the end of the product and at the end of the client. 3.2 Business model: the idm and the Fabless models are well-known.
And Howie's main competitors, Sony and Samsung, are the idm manufacturers, both of which own their own crystals. While the idm model makes Sony and Samsung more productive than Howetech, at the same time, because of the huge investment in the crystals factory, usually the idm Division does not invest easily in the crystals factory, and as the cnos image sensors grow high in pixels, the process progresses.
At the same time, it is easier for Howie to take the lead in the development of advanced process products, using the Fables model as a proxy for crystal mills with advanced international processes, such as power builders. The ov64b, launched in April 2020, is the world’s first image sensor of 0.7 μm and 64 million pixels, and howell has outpaced his competitors in the process.
Moreover, the most popular topic in the semiconductor industry today is the surge in the price of missing goods. According to semiconductor industry observations, the current production capacity of 5mp and 8mpcis is in a state of undersupply, so that there are different price increases for the major crystal-round plants starting in December 2020.
For Wei Tsi, the company, as a leading chip design firm, is a core customer of many crystal mills, with no need to worry about their production capacity, and although the mill has some modest price increases, the company can transfer them to downstream customers through chip price hikes, and the lack of goods does not have much to do with Howie.
3.3 Sony: Is the large pixel route sustainable because of the imx series of sensors? The speed with which smartphones are photographed cannot be separated from the advances in cmos image sensor technology, while Sony's Imx series has had an absolute advantage over the last 10 years in terms of product performance and market penetration.
An exmor sensor product series belonging to Sony, which is divided mainly into the exmorr and exmorrs series, of which exmorr is a back-record sensor series, released by Sony on 11 June 2008; the exmorrs series is a stacking sensor series, which was officially commercialized in November 2014.
Exmorrs sensor product models are named backwards mainly in the numerical order of imx1#, imx2#, and different number series are generally upgraded every 1-2 years. While the exmorrs stacking sensor series was declared commercial only in November 2014, Sony launched three sets of imx135, imx134 and isx014 as early as August 2012.
These three are also the first Sony stacked image sensors worldwide. It is also worth mentioning that, starting with Imx145, Sony started tailoring image sensors for iphones, using Sony's imx145 for iphone 4s, iphone5s and iphone5cs; and that the improved version of imx145, launched in 2014, added to the pdaf for later Sony and Sony.
In recent years, Sony has insisted on a large pixel route along the product route and, in addition to customizing image sensors for iphone, has customised large pixel image sensors for the p and mate high-end flagships. For example, the p40 series and the mate40 series are designed for the Chinese.
Customized Imx701 image sensor pixels have reached the size of 1.22 μm, while at the same time producing 1/1.28 mega-optic dimensions. But Sony’s large pixel route brings with it a cost increase in the competitiveness of Sony’s products beyond the high-end flag ship when it competes with high-pixel products of 0.8 μm and 0.7 μm, even smaller pixels, that are constantly being rolled out by competitors such as Samsung and Howie.
Starts to decline, and the follow-on product route is still to be seen. 3.4 Three stars: Isocell technology evolves and is hyperpixels able to break through? Three stars first released their isocell technology in 2013 and named it as their sensor brand.
In "isolate" and "cell" mainly based on bsi improvements, which effectively prevent light leakage into pixels by forming a physical insulation between pixels in image sensors; in addition, the intertwining effect of light signals into pixels is significantly reduced due to the existence of barriers, thus increasing image clarity and visibility.
The smart phone using the Isocell technology sensor is the Galaxys 5 flag ship. The three stars claim that their isocell technology intervention has decreased by more than 30 per cent compared to traditional backscopic patterns, increasing color reduction, and increasing the light area by 30 per cent, even in dark, light-deficient environments.
Figure 60: Three-star Isocell technology toincreasesentivityanddecreaselightloss&crosstalk, at the 2017 mwcs exhibition, the Samsung Isocell image sensor department published a brand of four new technology sub-brands.
Isocellbright, isocellfast, isocellslim, and isocelldual, respectively, each technology brand is specific to specific markets. The isocellbright sensor technology, mainly in light-lighted, low-light or dark-light environments, still provides bright and clear images of high-colour authenticity and ultra-low noise.
In the Fast Sensor technique, pdaf phase detection for focalation is always used, i.e., by calculating the difference in the profile of the object being taken, and also by adding the proud dualpixel technique. The traditional pdaf for focus has about 5% pixel points used to determine the difference in pixel points, and no colour signal is accepted except for the difference in perception.
function: but all of the Isocelldualpixel pixel points support the determination of the difference and allow pixels to judge the difference faster and more accurate with the color message. The slim thin technology ensures that the thin airframe is maintained while also having a powerful photo camera, and that the three stars are the most direct to achieve high pixels for small-sized image sensors.
The approach is to reduce the size of each pixel to ensure that the camera module is still strong. Isocelldual uses a combination of colored lenses with black and white lenses, in which the rigb colour sensor is responsible for the basic function, and the bw black and white sensor is used primarily to collect light.
Figure 61: Traditional pdaf image sensor Figure 62: Three Star Isocelldal-pixel image sensor isocelldual-pixel image sensor
The traditional pdaf image sensor, "Pixel Double Check Focal technique", is that all pixels carry two photoelectric diodes.
So that all pixels can feel differences. Then Samsung continuously upgrades and improves its isocell technology, releasing the isocellplus technology in 2018 and the isocell 2.0 technology in 2020.
The new Isocell 2.0 technology will increase the sensor's senses by up to 12%, and even micropixels will ensure the quality of the drawings. Three stars will focus on the 0.7-μm super-sized product launched in q4 in 2020.
Using the new generation of isocell 2.0 technology. Figure 63: The evolution of the three-star electron “isocell” technology.
By 2016, Cnos will have launched 0.9-m-pixel cos, then 0.8-m-pixels-cm-cos by 2018, 0.7-m-pixels-cm-cs by 2019, and three-star pixel microfiche will have accelerated and will continue to break through the introduction of higher-pixels cos sensors. The 100 million-pixel sensor, isocellbrighthmx, was launched in August 2019, and will be the in-house leader.
In the year, Samsung introduced 108mp image sensors (hm1, hm2, hm3). However, it is worth mentioning the three-star sensors, which are 1.4 μm of pixel size, and 50 mp of primary pixels, but also provide 100 million pixels for high pixel scenarios.
3.5 Howie: Disparity of the competitive route, ov64b before it arrives. Howie has, in recent years, made a rapid run-off of the three-star process and accelerated the catch-up of Sony's technical advantages in image algorithms.
In 2020, Howie launched ov48c, which is based on high-pixels at the bottom, using the 1.2 μm, 1.1.32 " program. Its chip surface, which is used on the top version of the Monument flag ship, and the 10th to the top of the Dxo list, which is based on Howiecis's ability to photograph.
In addition, in 2020, the company launched three new ov64mcis products: ov64c (0.8 μm, 1/17") in February, ov64b (0.7 μm, 1/2") in April, and ov64a (1 μm, 1.134) in October.
Of this, Howeov64b was delivered in the third quarter of 2020, and the demand for the end-user continues to be high and is expected to be the main product of the Division for the next 1-2 years. It is believed that the e-industry chain research will be completed this year with the popular reno series. On the whole, howeway’s 0.7 μm64m product is now leading Japan in terms of process processing and time of production.
In terms of price bands, Howell 64b plays the mid-end type of 2,000-3500-bit. The target market of 0.61 μm48m is aimed at the entry-level type of 1000-2000-bit. The market space is 500-60 million (celebrating apples).
In addition to smartphones, the cos image sensors used for cars have been growing rapidly. In recent years, as cars have been connected, and as cars have become more and more mobile, they have become more powerful.
The use of smart cars, autopilots, etc. is becoming more widespread, the number of cameras on cars is increasing rapidly, and the application area is slowly extending from traditional back-to-back radar images, pre-car logs to electronic rearview mirrors, 360-degree full-view imaging, circuit detection, barrier detection, collision protection, autopilot, etc.
In the future, with the spread of advanced driving auxiliary systems and the development of autopilot techniques, and high consumer attention to car safety, the market for car-borne cos image sensors may be growing at a high rate. According to Yoledevelopment and icinsights statistics, the global market for vehicle-borne cos image sensors was $500 million, $700 million, 2016-2019.
$900 million and $1.3 billion, from less than 5 per cent to about 7 per cent. It is expected to rise to $3.2 billion in 2023, with an annual compound growth rate of 29.7 per cent, and the car market will become the second largest application of cmos image sensors after cell phones.
The world ' s Automobile Organization (oica) statistics show a global vehicle production of 91.79 million in 2019, a decrease of 3.78% compared to 95.39 million in 2018. Although the global volume of automobile sales has declined, the rapid growth of the global advanced driving support system (adas) and the car network market has led to a high rate of growth.
There is also a year-on-year upward trend in the output of cameras.1 Vehicle loads are increasing, autopilots are increasing, cars are one of the main vehicles for daily travel, and safety is directly related to the lives of the population.
In 2017, up to 90% of accidents were reported to have been caused by human error, such as tired driving, drinking driving, etc. Automatic driving was the driving condition of 3.7 million cars in 2017, and it was found that automatic driving systems of grades 1 and 1 could significantly reduce the probability of traffic accidents. Thus, from a safety point of view, automated driving is expected to be the model for future cars.
Figure 65: Autopilot vehicles with autopilot systems Figure 66: Introduction of adas function can reduce the incidence of accidents. According to the American Association of Autoengineers (SAE), autopilots are divided into six levels, corresponding to full human driving.
(level0) to full autopilot (level5). In the three stages of the lo-l2, the driver is the main driver, of which the Lo-level autopilot only provides sensory information and is not involved in manipulation, with the aim of contributing to the driver's environmental and risk awareness: the L-1-level auto-pilot system begins to intervene in driving manipulation under certain conditions, such as acc (self-adaptation cruise),
Aeb (emergency brakes), lka (passway support), etc.; level 1-2 autopilot system goes further and starts with driving control capability, but drivers are required to be alert to the driving environment and ready to respond to emergencies. Level 1-3 allows autopilot to become the vehicle operator, which can perform most of the driving functions, while drivers play a supporting role.
Roles, and no longer need to be on standby. The autopilot function can be achieved in three phases: environmental information perception, perception, response. In this, information perception is the front end of the whole function, relying on sensors, collecting body and vehicle environments.
Information: The information is understood to be integrated with the information collected using a vehicle processor and to identify key elements such as roads, vehicles, pedestrians, signposts, etc. according to algorithms, and to provide the driver or car computer with the corresponding choice: the information is the last part, and the driver or car computer makes the decision and makes the final response.
The realization of driving functions is highly correlated with the various hardware layers, with the L-1 level primarily increasing sensors and enhancing the information acquisition capabilities of cars: level 1-1-l2 requires more computing and start raising the requirements for vehicle capacity, starting with level 1-3 and starting with the vehicle becoming the driving subject with a very high degree of safety.
Most autopilots are currently in the range of lo-l2. The driving power behind them is that of driving safety, and automobile manufacturers are gradually joining emergency brakes.
Active safety functions, such as pedestrian testing, reduce the probability of accidents; policies have also been actively pursued in various countries and regions, as announced by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe in early 2019, when 40 countries and territories, such as Japan and the European Union, have agreed on draft rules for the mandatory introduction of automatic brakes, which would require operators of passenger vehicles and light commercial vehicles to install automatic brake systems.
With the upgrading of the autopilot level, a higher level of hardware and software is required, and semiconductor and car manufacturers are increasingly investing in related areas. In Tesla, for example, the company has introduced three generations of autopilot hardware, with 144 tops of fsd (full autopilot) chips on board each year, compared to 24 tops of the previous generation of chips.
Growth. More recently, up to 1016tops. Arithmetic enhancement can support more information processing and better support the wider application of the future level of 122-l3. According to the advisory body idc, the volume of global autopilots in 2024 amounted to approximately 18.43 million vehicles in 2024, compared to 19.8 per cent in 2020-2024.
2. Autopilot cores, the rapidly rising need for vehicle-borne cameras. Autopilot upgrades will significantly drive the expansion of the vehicle-borne sensor market, where, according to British flyer data, class 1-2 is single-car with a value of US$ 160-180, while class 1 4-l5 has a value of almost double to US$ 280-350.
As autopilot is becoming more common, its levels are moving from lo to l2, environmental perception requirements are increasing, and vehicle sensors will have the opportunity to increase their prices. Return to the sensor layers of the autopilot system, visual perception plays a major role, and many other sensors (mm wave radars, ultra-millimetered radars).
Acoustic radars, laser radars, etc.) are auxiliary roles. The core of visual perception is vehicle-borne cameras, including internal visual cameras, rear-vision cameras, front-vision cameras, side-vision cameras, round-view cameras, etc., which are used mainly in 360 panorama images, forward-to-back collision alerts, traffic diversion alarms, pedestrian tests, etc.
With the development of car intelligence, the growing maturity of consumer safety and auto-pilot technology, head-reflection applications ranging from traditional back-up radar images, pre-car logs to path recognition, pedestrian recognition, signal recognition applications, the number of cameras and sensors on board cars has also increased significantly.
Data, at least six cameras and five radars are required for autopilots above level I2+, compared with 1-2 cameras and 1-3 radars at level I, the number of cameras and radars has increased exponentially. Specifically, the number of autopilots at level I2 has increased. In the case of Odia8, Teslamodel3 and Cadillac 6, for each of the three models, five and more are used.
Cameras are supported by ultrasound and millimetre wave radars. In the case of autopilot sensor layers, vehicle-mounted cameras are characterized by a wide range of detections, pedestrians, identifiers, and relatively low cost, so they are essential components.
The driving system does not pursue high pixels, but has special requirements for imaging capabilities in light environments such as weak light, strong light, so it is generally used with a larger pixel with a super-dynamic range (120db+). We still use Teslamdel3 as an example, where, according to systemplus decomposition, Tesla uses eight cameras, which come from Ansammy '2015.
Although the pixels are only 1.2 million, the individual pixels are 3.75 μm. And, as the autopilot level rises, the number of pixels on the car's camera also tends to increase, the recent release of the cys of the et7 has reached 8 mp, a three-fold increase in perceptive coverage compared to the 1.2 mp camera. Moreover, the cis filter is not a regular rggb Bayer array.
Instead, the rccb array was used to improve performance under the weak light (rccb ' s c means clear, i.e. all colours of light pass through, and this arrangement has the advantage of having more light through, with more image noise).
Figure 77: More clear nirlight (850nmled) hdron/off than high-letter cis images
Figure 78: Strengths of rcc and rccb in contrast to rggb, in addition to cameras, autopilot systems carry radars of various types to enrich the data of the visual system, with ultrasound sensors supplemented by a set of visual systems that detect soft or hard objects; millimetre wave radars by launching redundant wavelengths
In addition, laser radar is a relatively new sensor, characterized by high accuracy measurements of three dimensions, and free from environmental light, the entire market is in a state of rapid development, representing the manufacturers of velodene, liminar, grass.
Figure 79: Comparison of vehicle-borne sensors by type Figure 80: Model3 Sensors including camera/ultrasound radar/mm wave radar Figure 81: Laser-laying image map
I don't know what you're talking about, overviewolftlamodel3sensorsorsforadasapplications wide forwardcamera.
I'm sorry, marydoct and dee rearwarded looking side
I don't know, mainforwardcamera (mox.dist.150m) car cameraslox.dist; 100m
I'm sorry, forwardcamera (mox.dist.250m) rearviewcamera (max.dist.50n rwardbooking)
Sidecameras (max.dst.80m) radar (max.dist.160m) with the spread of advanced driving support systems and the development of automated driving techniques, rapid growth in arithmetic, adas-related zero groups
The size of the market is also an opportunity to grow rapidly. According to the advisory body Yole, the size of the car adas market will reach $22.4 billion in 2025, of which the size of the car camera market will reach $8.1 billion, and a compound increase for 2020-2025, figure 83: The size of the car aadas zero component is projected
3- 15-cars in the field of Howie Deepland, the second-growth curve in the car's cis relay, the one-larger, and the Sony and Howe and Sony are ready to go.
Technology, Sony, Samsung, Toshiba, Biadi semiconductor, Stewie, etc. Of these, Ansomé is the largest supplier in the car-car-car-cis field, with a market share of over 60 per cent, followed by Howe-Technology, which accounts for about 20 per cent of the market, Sony's late arrival, which currently accounts for about 3 per cent of the market share, and Toshiba, Samsung, Biadi semiconductor, which also has a small amount of output.
Figure 84: The competitive pattern of the Car Cis market in 2019, the high requirements of the Car Cis, the high challenge for the Cis manufacturer, the more stringent conditions that car-mounted cameras usually face and therefore the four more stringent than cellular cameras and digital camera imagery.
One is a high dynamic range (hdr), with cars with a dynamic range of more than 120 db, usually between 120 and 140 db. Dynamic range refers to the same scenario, with both low-lighted areas and high-lighted areas, where the bright and low-light ratio is defined as the dynamic range of the scenario, even in the case of vehicle-borne cameras (e.g. entry or withdrawal) where light changes dramatically.
It also requires high-quality images to be captured at the same time. Second, the light scintillation inhibition (lfm), which tends to be driven by pulse modem (pwm) in a frequency that is often undetectable by the naked eye (usually 90hz) as the light gradually becomes available in the application sites of traffic light, car lighting, and light.
Scintillation, however, is often the cause of miscalculation of the ai system for faster doors and shorter cis. In the actual scenes, the flash and high dynamic ranges of light often occur simultaneously, for example in the streets of the night, in the traffic lights, in the advertising lights, and in the light lights, sometimes in the light, in the light contrast, and in the light, in the light, in the high dynamic range requirements.
Figure 85: Hdr turns on +lfm on image effects Figure 86: hdr closes on image effects under +lfm closes
Because the state is often highly vibrating and if it fails, it poses a fatal threat to the life of the user, so the requirements for modules and seals are stringent. Automobile cameras need to be soaked in water for days and for more than 1,000 hours, so vehicle cameras usually need to be able to adapt to the temperature range of minus 40°C - minus 105°C.
The fourth is the very high demand for low exposure, according to the National Road Traffic Safety Administration (NRTSA), although night travel accounts for only one-quarter of the total road traffic, it accounts for half of the accidents. Night vision causes 70% of the accidents. Car cameras must be required to have a greater sense of light, so that they can work all day, that is, near red.
The outer wide spectrum (from 400nm to 1100nm), which will be marked as a vehicle-borne camera in the future. Three main types of night-vision technology have been put into use: microlight night vision technology, passive infrared night vision technology, active infrared night-vision technology.
Like head shots with fovs of 40-60 degrees, it detects pedestrians within a 100-m range. But some adas autopilots can require resolution within full resolution (1080 p) or even 4k (3840 x 1920), because they require mp high resolution cameras from a distance that are expected to replace 2-4mp cameras.
Vehicles outside the rice, cones 260 metres away, pedestrians 220 metres away, three times as far as the 1.2 million pixel cameras have been detected, achieving a further distance and a more accurate perception content. Figure 878 million pixel cameras have three times as far as the 1.2 million pixel cameras have been detected.
Howell has a rich intellectual property accumulation and strong product development capability in the field of image sensors. In the electronic domain of automobiles, Howell has a full set of imaging solutions for vehicle applications ranging from ring vision to adas and autopilots. Products that carry technologies such as hdr, nyxel, omnibsiTM, omniixel3 and lcos (Lic crystal silicon) under the Howie flag.
High visibility in industry, widely used in car electronic systems of well-known domestic and foreign automobile companies. Over the past 15 years, in the area of Howe Farmed Vehicles, there have been more than 800 million shipments, the first vehicle image sensor in 2005, the first vehicle hdrsoc image sensor in 2008 and the first generation in 2009
Pixel technology, the first generation of advanced technology in 2018, leads the market on some new technologies in the automobile industry. At present, Howie is not, but is capable of providing the most advanced sisp packages for car manufacturers and first-tier suppliers, while providing multi-category, multi-layered digital imaging solutions for autopilot, excellent visual imaging and tired driving monitoring for drivers.
To address the hazards posed by the led scintillation in adas, Howe introduced in 2017 a dissociative pixel technology-based descinflection scintillation image series - ox01a10 and ox02a10 - mainly applied to the side-view camera monitoring system, which enables the accurate image data led to scintate within the temperature of the vehicle, taking into account the need for the led scintillation and high dynamic range.
For high dynamic ranges, HowieTech upgraded the motion range of the image sensor through his own unique double conversion gain (dcg) technology. In May 2019, Howie launched a 1mp image sensor for vehicle visual applications - ox01d10, which is a combination of partitioning pixels and double conversion gain (dcg) technology that can provide an anti-fugey motion capture of up to 120 db.
With regard to Hdr and lfm functions, in December 2019, Howe-Tech released two brand new vehicle-class image sensor platforms — 8 million pixels in front of cameras ox08a and ox08b, ox08a high-level cameras providing excellent high-activity profiles in the industry.
In addition, in June 2020, the company launched the global lead car crystal-crystal camera, which is the global lead vehicle, and the global lead vehicle, which is the global lead vehicle, which is the lead vehicle.
The ovm9284cameracubechip module, the smallest car camera in the world, provides a one-stop service for drivers to monitor hardware, with high-quality imaging performance in a lightless environment. The 1 million pixel module has a compact size of 6.5 x 6.5 mm, enabling it to install the module where it is difficult for the driver to detect. In addition, the module is located.
All car camera modules have low capacity, more than 50 per cent lower than the competition with close performance, so they can run continuously in very small spaces and at low temperatures to achieve high image quality.
As consumer demand for smart driving continues to grow, adas is becoming a high-end vehicle model. A detailed breakdown of camera configurations at different autopilot levels has been made above. The ideal 2020 one is equipped with the Level2 Advanced Auxiliary Driving System (ADAS) with a visual solution to Pride Group, which covers car loops and front-views.
Head, made up of five highly sensitive ov10640 image sensors specializing in the automobile industry and one ov10642 image sensor applicable to the Senior Driver Support System. A camera captures a seamless wiring of images, and a viewing corner is smooth and effectively avoids visual malformations.
You can see a 360-degree viewing image on the central screen, a clear sense of the road line, and an accurate re-enactment of the vehicle. Howeov10640 is a back-cam image sensor applied to the automobile industry, with a strong sensitivity, 4.2 μmmnibsi pixels capable of recording images with a resolution of up to 1.3 million pixels at 60 frames per second, night, fog, etc.
Good imaging can also be provided under low light conditions. Because of the high frequency of use, multiple functions required and car safety involved, the forward view system has to be very reliable for cameras. The ideal one forward view system is composed of one ov10640 and one ov10642 from Howie, two sensors.
The device works closely to achieve pedestrian crash alerts, traffic deviation alerts, forward collision alerts, etc., and can drive easier on closed and urban roads. Unlike ov10640, which is good at complete image recognition, ov10642 has a high sensitivity and high dynamic range (hdr), and has a one-time programmable (tp) memory and embedded temperature sensors.
Door image sensors for advanced adas. Figure 90: Ideal one with an automatic parking system based on Howecis. Figure 89: Ideal one with Howecis.
Currently, Howie’s autopilot imaging solution has been applied extensively to high- and medium-end car brands, both domestically and internationally, and has become the label of a medium-end automobile adas system. With the growing maturity and diffusion of auto-drive technology, Howie is expected to achieve a rapid increase in his share of vehicle-caricis in the future, thanks to strong technological excellence.
Other cis: Nighthawk technology leads the safe market, the medical field is ready, Howie is the world's leading cos image sensor manufacturer, with deep layouts in the fields of security, vehicle, engineering, medical, etc., and customizing and varying performance and technical requirements of the cos image sensor according to different fields of application.
1. Security surveillance: Nighthawk technology breaks again, and the security market has been able to see that since 2012, the cos image sensor has gradually completed the replacement of the ccd in the field of security, and that the market for the clas image sensor in 2015 is larger than ccd and will be followed by the following year.
According to ihs, the number of global surveillance cameras delivered in 2006 was less than 10 million, and by 2016 it had exceeded 100 million, so the market for the security area cmos image sensors in 2016 was about 100 million, and is expected to grow to 320 million by 2022. According to the icinsights, the market rules for the 2018 cnos image sensors are in the security field.
China is the world’s largest video surveillance market, with the Chinese market accounting for about 46% of the world’s professional video surveillance market in 2018. In the future, with the spread of the Internet and the growth of the surveillance cameras, the advent of the Internet has led to the loss of the cameras.
Business applications, such as airports, railway stations, banks and office buildings, have become important components of retail, intelligent cities and intelligent homes for the collection and analysis of large data, the demand for security will continue to rise, and the demand for cos images and sensors will increase simultaneously.
HowellTechnology: First-time HawkyxelTM Technology HowgeTech is in the lead on the security market, with 29% of the world ' s total delivery in 2019, ranked first in the world, largely because of the advantages of the local industrial chain. Howell's NixelTM near-infrared imaging technology is the application of advanced near-infrared infrared.
Technology improves night vision technology. In short, night vision technology provides humans with the ability to see in the dark. It was developed for military applications in the early 20th century. For years, night vision technology has evolved and its applications have expanded from military to commercial applications such as security surveillance, medical care and automobiles.
The Nighthawk nyxelTM uses three technical means: first, to increase the thickness of silicon so that the photon can move further in the mime and collect more photons; and secondly, to add a layer of special absorbent layer to the surface that absorbs the maximum amount of light, so that the photon is absorbed to a great extent into the mime and then travels longer distances from different angles, to achieve maximum photon electron conversion rates,
Create brighter images; and, third, place each pixel in a ditch with a barrier between pixels and avoid the transfer of the photon to a nearby mime to prevent jamming. Figure 94: Quantum efficiency (qe) using traditional sensors
Figure 95: The combination of the three technical means of carrying qe of the nyxelTM technical sensor provides a longer photosonance path that allows the sensor to detect more photons and improves the overall performance of the system. In this way, neither the sensor ' s sensory performance of the visible light nor its visibility will be reduced.
In March 2020, Howie released the subversive second generation of near-infrared technology — nyxel2, which applies at low levels.
Image sensors run from light to light-free environments. Nyxel2 technology improves the completely new silicon semiconductor structure and processes, breaking a record in quantum efficiency (qe), with an invisible 940 nm increasing by 25 per cent to 50 per cent in the near infrared spectrum; and, in the almost invisible 850 nm, increasing by 17 per cent to 70 per cent in the near infrared wavelength.
With nyxel2 technology, Omnivision has further refined its subversive near-infrared imaging method, which combines thick silicon pixel structures with extended baths, thereby improving quantum efficiency, and by carefully managing the surface textures of the crystal circle to secure modem transmission functions without affecting the dark currents of the sensors.
Figure 97: nyxel.32 Further improvements in quantum efficiency nyxel2 technology offer new possibilities for different applications of image sensors. For surveillance systems, further reductions in the number of infrared-red lamps near security cameras can be achieved, resulting in cost savings, reduced power consumption, or profitability.
Increase the brightness of image capture in lightless conditions by using the same number of led lamps; in the case of autopilot surveillance systems, greater precision can be achieved, while reducing the number of led lamps installed where the driver's room light is not good, such as the first image sensor ox03a2s, published by Howie on the basis of nyxel technology, which is 2.5 million pixels, assil-b, etc.
A class sensor can detect and identify objects that are not captured by other image sensors in a weak light environment, thereby enhancing the performance of the safety system. In the case of smartphones, it can reduce the number of led lamps and contribute to the continuous extension of battery life, while designing more clusters in a compact manner that allows for innovation and lower bom costs.
Medical imaging: One-time endoscope trends that drive the outbreak of the medical cis market The traditional medical, scientific and industrial intelligence fields mainly use ccd image sensors and, with technological advances, the current medical and scientific fields are constantly seeking to replace most of the old products with cmos image sensors that are less costly and more effective.
The socio-economic development trend is an ageing population and an increase in the cost of medical care, the need for doctors to perform some tests in the clinic to reduce costs, and the growing need for micro-diagnosis and treatment, thus contributing to the rapid growth of the medical market for endoscope imaging solutions. The endoscope consists mainly of image sensors, optical lenses, light sources, mechanical devices, etc.
Into the stomach or through other natural perforates, the X-rays can be used to detect changes that cannot be shown, so it is very useful for doctors. Depending on the use, the X-rays can be divided into diagnostic endoscopics and treatment of endoscopics. The diagnostic function is mainly clinical.
As technology develops, the use of endoscopics is gradually expanding, more closely associated with treatment, and more frequently used in clinical consultations. At the advice of the Food and Drug Administration (fda), all major endoscopic manufacturers are developing low-cost and small-scale.
As China liberalizes medical equipment, one-time endoscopic devices will also meet the opportunities for fast-growing market development. The global endoscopic market has grown considerably, and according to Tsr, the global endoscopic market will grow in volume between 2018 and 2023.
By 30%, more than 10 million shipments are expected in 2020, with medical and industrial endoscopics taking the lead. According to yole, the compound annual growth rate of the one-time endoscopic cis camera module will reach 27% between 2019 and 2025, with a market value of $241 million in 2025.
HowellTech is the top coss sensor supplier in the global medical market, the company takes over the industry and constantly develops a rich product mix, with multiple endoscopic imagings such as ovm6946, ovm6948, oh01a and oh02a under the Howie flag, which are widely applied in the field of medicine and cover all of them, including urinary, gynaecology, intestinal, airways, vascular to capsule endoscopic mirrors, etc.
The application scenario provides a competitive technological programme to reduce the size, image quality, and the difficulty of cleaning medical devices; at the same time, companies have developed adjoining markets, such as industry and veterinary consultations, which account for a large share of the market.
In September 2020, Howie launched a new medically new image sensor for rgb-ir -- oh02a1s, also the world's premier rgb-ir medical image sensor, which allows both white rgb capture and infrared monochrome capture in individual cmos image sensors, overcoming the use of ir light by surgeons to perform pre-cancer and cancer screening procedures in the past, while also overcoming the use of ir light by surgeons.
The use of rgb light to identify shortcomings in the design of two-imaging devices using infrared detection of any anomalies significantly reduces the size, cost, power and heat of the endoscopic mirrors, provides larger working access for the designers, and significantly improves the patient's treatment comforts, the development of small (od) endoscopes for effective assistive cancer detection and diagnostic procedures.
The number and range of endoscopic tests performed constitute a new breakthrough in the industry against one-time endos. In addition to the coms sensor chip innovation, the Howie Group continues to expand its product lines on the system program by providing a unique cameracubecipTM module to achieve a minimum-size medical camera through Waferleveloptical technology.
A single-use camera module (cameracchipTM) by Howe-Technology provides a small, economical model.
High image quality design, which replaces the traditional glass lens design. This technology combines crystal-crysonic optical devices with an innovative cosmogical sensor that not only has the full functionality of image sensors, processing and monochip output, but also provides a very small sensor suitable for the medical market, which is prominent in the application of the lens.
On the basis of cameracubechip technology, Howie launched an image sensor ov6948 (of a size as low as 0.575 mm x 0.575 mm) at the International Medical Design Fair in October 2019 to win the World Guinness Commercial Minimum Image Sensor Champion, and a crystal-scale Circulation Camera Module ovm6948 based on this super-small image chip.
ovm6948 makes it possible to produce a bulk of one-time medical image equipment using a semiconductor process, which allows for reflux welding, without the need for a base seat or manual plug-in of whole machine parts. This complete module with 200x200 or 40k pixels can be integrated into a catheter or an endoscope of about 1.0 mm diameter.
High-quality images of the surgeries needed for neurology, ophthalmology, ear, nose and throat, heart, spinal, urinary surgery, gynaecology and joints are taken from within the narrow blood vessels of the body.
HowellTech is the world’s leading coms image sensor provider, with downstream applications covering mobile phones, cars, security, medical care, etc. As core products such as company ov64b are phased out in 2021, and as the share of vehicle-borne cis continues to rise, we expect firm growth in corporate coms image sensor operations over the next three to five years.
In addition, the company acquired the synaptics-based Asia-based monochip LCD and display drive-driven integration chip operation, a former company that has achieved a range from hd720p to fhd1080p, showing frame coverage from 60hz, 90hz, 120hz to 144hz, and a contact rate that supports full coverage of 120hz to 240hz products.
Rates, types of encapsulations provide a unique product solution.
Fang Jing, a leading business experience in the semiconductor industry for almost five years at Xian University of Electronic Technology, has been familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain of business, and has also been a sponsor of the country's well-known semiconductor business incubation platform, i.e. coffee, and has assisted many semiconductor companies in their early introduction of a third place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the electronics sector of Crystalball in 18/19; and 3/2 in the electronics sector of the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Xiaoqing, Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018, and Sinda Securities in 2020, covering mainly the semiconductor industry chain. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined Sinda Securities in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.