A detailed explanation in the journal is that the camera module industry has a strong demand, and that the share of high-end cell phones and cars in the technology chip has increased.
• Maintain the “buy-in” rating of Weir shares: Well shares performed in 2020 and 1q21 in line with our earlier high expectations, suggesting that companies have fully benefited from high demand growth in the smartphones, new energy cars, medical treatment, etc.
In the first coverage, we believe that in the next 10 years, the need for car-borne ciss for new energy vehicles will be connected to smartphones and will continue to drive the camera upgrade cycle.
56.1x We are optimistic about the company in the vicinity of historical averages.Were shares in 2020 and 1q21 performance points: Were shares in 2020 and 1q21 have both strong revenue and profit growth rates, and cmos image sensors have significantly increased.
Cell phone chip applications have increased at over $3500, while cars, medical care, etc. have been growing at a high level. And with scale effects, cis’s Māori rate has remained stable and rising, leading to higher corporate Māori rates.
..the head of the optical camera module industry has grown strongly: first, smartphone cameras have been upgraded and the trend has been maintained. Flagship-type by-catching specifications have further enhanced the market share of the Chis product of Howiet technology.
The output guidelines reflect the ability of optical head producers to increase their performance. Secondly, we predict a 15% increase in the demand for vehicle-mounted cameras this year, in return for Weir shares and Sun Woo optical shares of Wehr shares.
Companies that have improved their vehicle-borne operations. The performance of the TCI index (right axis) has increased faster than the MMSI; the Māori rate has fallen short of expectations due to competition; and the volatility of the secondary market has dragged the valuation.
Weir shares (603501.ch): mobile phones and car-borne dual-engine growth (2021-02-19) Weir shares 1q21 performance: one season of revenue and profits
The net profit from Weir shares of 1q21 amounted to RMB 1.04 billion, which is closer to the ceiling of the performance forecast area (90-10.8 billion), with a single-season profit of historical highs. • Well shares of 1q21 million earned $6.21 billion, an increase of 63 per cent over the same period, the ring of 6 per cent, compared to Bloomberg.
The Māori ratio of 1q21 recorded an all-time high of 32.4 per cent for the single season, and we believe that this is a fixed level that benefits from the scale effect and the price increase associated with the scarcity of semiconductor production. Thus, the short-term Māori ratio benefits from the high growth in revenue, and the cost ratio of 1q21 shares in Weir has declined in relation to the same ratio.
As a result, the operating profits of the Weir shares increased by 98 per cent and the ring by 47 per cent over the same year; • The net profits of the Weir shares eventually recorded $1.04 billion, an increase of 134 per cent over the same year and a 6 per cent increase in the ring, including the return on investment of the disposal subsidiary of $190 million.
On the whole, Weir shares perform more strongly in the light season of smartphones, consistent with the performance of cell phone cameras, leading manufacturers of the module, including Sunwoo and titanium.
• Increased share of head manufacturers. (See below for horizontal comparison of camera module industry manufacturers)
Figure 4: Weir's Māori and Profit Rates
With regard to the impact of the scarcity of production in the semiconductor industry, we have a strong end demand from Weir's 1q21 performance, and the firm's lower growth limit is guaranteed, along with the finger of the head module manufacturer.
The productivity of the upstream crystal round workers in Weir is guaranteed: the price increases that result from the lack of capacity can be passed on to downstream smartphone brand clients through modular plants. Looking forward to the second quarter, with the seasonal growth of smartphones, our performance in Weir has continued for the second quarter.
At the same time, we've noticed that, from the end of last year until the beginning of this year, there has been an increase in the use of Horway technology's image sensor products in the big and supercups of the flagship type. With HowieTech's cosmography, like the increased power of the sensor's coss product, HoweTech's smartphones over $3,500.
For example, this image sensor chip, ov64b of 64 million pixels released last year by Howetech, was applied to the flag and sub-flagship types of Oppo and vivo (figures 7 and 8).
And the trend towards the master ingesting of smartphone by-products also gives Howie technology 13 million pixels and 8 million million pixels more space to apply. For example, the by-products in Mi11pro and Vivox60pro+ make the Chis chip for Howie technology to improve the performance of the by-products.
Currently, mobile phones continue to be the most profitable product of Weir’s shares. So the strong growth dynamic of cell phones can help companies grow both in revenue and in profits.
The car market will be the fastest-growing application, projected in Weir's annual shares report to 2023, while medical/scientific systems, surveillance cameras, robots, object networks, consumer ar/vr will follow.
After that. Howell technology’s cos product line will fully benefit from growth in these areas. So, we maintain our judgement on howwell’s shares were covered for the first time, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
• Weir shares 2020 performance review: high growth in revenue, stable growth in the Mäori rate, strong growth in 2021 and old business, and in 2020, Weir shares continued to produce more competitive products and take over the market.
In this area, Weir’s shares have spearheaded the launch of the first 60 million pixel image sensors with a volume of 0.7um, which has also been used in the flagship model of the head smartphone brand. In addition, Weir’s shares have launched the global premier rgb-ir medical image sensors, which have the size of the endoscope.
Cutting costs, power consumption and heat production by half also contributed to a rapid increase in the harvest of health-care cis products, with Weir’s share of the year 2020 – a 45% increase in 2020 and a stronger growth rate.
° From the size of the camp, the ratio increased from 72 per cent in 2019 to 74 per cent in 2020, and the share of mobile phones increased significantly;
The cost transfer capacity of shares can provide some room for their Māori ratio.o The Māori ratio, which can be applied to the microimage module encapsulation (cameracubecip) in the medical field, has risen significantly, from 18.5% in 2019 to 64.3% in 2020.
The cost rate fell all because of the high rate of revenue growth, but R & D inputs remained high, influenced by the merger of companies, with the net profit on Weir’s shares increasing by 481% in the same year in 2020.
Figure 10: Weir shares have made a technological breakthrough in 2020, leading the production of 0.7um-64 million pixel imagery to further meet the market demand for high-end mainstream smartphones.
ii. Continuous improvement of the completely new silicon semiconductor structure and process with an increase of 25% in the invisible 950nm near-infrared spectra efficiency, and an increase of 17% in the almost invisible 840nm near-infrared wavelength efficiency.
iii. Launching of the first global rgb-ir medical image sensor, halving the size, cost, power and heat of the endoscope, launching of the global car-crystal camera
ovm9284cameracubechip module, the smallest car camera in the world
Figure 14: Portfolio Māori ratio of Weir shares, Figure 16: Net profit and acceleration of Weir shares, Figure 15: Investment and acceleration of Weir shares in R & D
In 2020 and 1q21 optical companies performed well, and in 2020, in the head of the industry chain of the optical camera module, the economy as a whole was more difficult.
This is largely due to the super-level cycle of upgrading smartphone camera modules. Although mobile phone demand and camera upgrades have declined in 2020, the overall industry has not changed or reached the peak.
As one of the three major suppliers to Cis, Weir's shares grew more rapidly in 2020 than the head of the camera module, the manufacturer of Sunwoo and titanium. This is partly because of the decline in China's sales of cell phones to U.S. sanctions, which affected the output of head-team companies, such as Sun Woo, which is relatively good for the rest of Howie technology.
Clients' output. So, Will's shares are growing better. The mobile camera industry is growing more rapidly, looking forward to 2021, and the smartphone camera module is still going up.
The camera specifications of the flag ship type are summarized in figures 3 and 4. The multiple intake rates are still high. At the same time, one, but all three of the back-cam specifications converge towards the original master, and the single-camera value of the camera module or the cis chip increases significantly.
In addition, Sun Woo and titanium gave their respective cell phone camera models 20% - 25% and 30%, respectively, showing a recovery in industry demand and the ability of head producers to take their share. The shares of Weil and Sun Woo optical show a ring-up or volume increase in a quarter.
This growth-driven logic is also met by mobile phone cis products, which will be able to fully enjoy growth in 2021.
The need for the vehicle camera industry has fully benefited from the need for car intelligence. The demand for cameras (including laser radars, etc.) has increased significantly from the recent new energy vehicle model released at Shanghai Station.
Four panoramic cameras, and 35 sensors. The demand for car-borne ciss was greatly boosted. From a 61% increase in the first quarter of Sunwoo's vehicle-car lenses in the first quarter of the year, a 3% increase in the ring, and a relatively strong quarterly performance in Weir's car-car-cis. For the first time, we maintained our optical camera module.
The coverage shows a 15% increase in the volume of vehicle-borne cameras produced this year. Stock prices and valuations: stock prices are more resilient, valuations are at average value, the share price of Weir shares has increased by 28% since the beginning of the year, and the semiconductor and e-indicators have won a share.
Despite the larger withdrawal of Weir’s shares at the beginning of the sharp retreat in the market at the end of February, the rebound of Weir’s shares was also significantly stronger. We found the valuation to be relatively attractive, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, Vi.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of the report of PHP International and PHP International indicates and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to accept it:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.