The upward trend in performance in 2023, the opening up of growth ceilings in overseas markets + high-end products, the sustained upswing in profitability, mainly due to scale-down effects, continued downwards in lithium carbonate prices to relieve pressure on raw materials, and continued high-end increases in profits.
According to the data from the evsales, the global market for new energy vehicles sold 14.16 million vehicles in 2023, compared to 33.2% in 2023, with penetration rates reaching 16.1%, and sales expected to remain optimistic for 2024 to reach 17.5 million vehicles, compared to 24.9% in 2024. The penetration rate is expected to cross the 20.0% threshold.
According to the latest data of the Association, China is expected to sell 12 million cars in mid-2024, compared to 26.4% per cent penetration.
According to the cleantechnica caliber, in 2023, the company’s global sales of new energy vehicles reached 2.87 million vehicles, the same ratio + 54.8%, and the global market reached 21%, and the same ratio +2.6 pcts, linking the world’s new energy vehicles to the top of the list.
The country, Brazil, Uzbekistan, and Hungary are expected to further expand their growth space by producing capacity to circumvent their policies and trade barriers. Since 2024, global new energy vehicles, m1-2 and China ' s new energy vehicles, q1 sales of 189.8/1769,000 vehicles and +28.7 per cent/+34.5 per cent, respectively, have continued to show a stronger growth trend, with company M1-2 overseas and q1 domestic markets accounting for 7.1 per cent and 33.1 per cent respectively, and competitiveness has continued to rise.
According to the company’s annual report, the company’s single car cost amounted to $123.1 million in 2023, u8 in the same year, a total of 137,000 vehicles with 4.5% of total sales, and a high-end series with higher prices in the centre. In 2023, the company’s single car cost was $37,000 and the same ratio + 3.9%.
Building on its ongoing drive for the application of existing technologies, the company publishes global leaders in forward-looking, subversive technologies, maintaining a leading position in the field of technology, such as the quadrant architecture, the cloudy smart body control system, the eye-to-eye smart driving aid system and the dmo super-mixed cross-country platform.
The company’s leading role in intelligent driving is highlighted by the fact that, on a large scale, the company obtained its first national L3-level high-speed test plate. Investment advice and profit forecasts are expected to increase steadily globally, replacing the new two-wheel-driven multi-domestic market with a price-for-price swap, and driving the car market twice in the face of overseas policy & trade barriers.
The company is the world’s leading electric train company, the world’s number-one winner in 2023; high-end technology continues to take the lead and smart layouts take a step ahead; overseas production-intensive planning circumvents policies and trade perturbations, sharing the dividends of overseas market development; and, with scale effects, expanding the market’s share and reducing the profits of restoration. In sum, we believe that companies have high barriers and better growth expectations than industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, predicting a net profit for their parent in 2024-2026.
The macroeconomic downturn has been characterized by less than expected sales of tram cars; a shift in tram policy; underinvestment of company capacity; trade barriers; large fluctuations in raw material prices. Biadi (002594).
Xiaotian Air Securities Ltd., with a global market share of 21.0 per cent (million units) in 12023, and a double increase in Biadi's overseas sales/municipality in 32023 (cars)
Figure 4 Continuous improvement in corporate car profitability (millions of dollars/car) Figure 5 Annual increase in corporate profitability since 2021
Financial statements and financial indicators (in millions of yuan) in the field of machinery, steel, etc., have been studied in depth in technology and periodicity, and continuous in-depth research has been carried out in the areas of lithium electric equipment, photovoltaic equipment, robotics, and automation. The team has focused on research in the areas of photovoltaic, hydrogen, wind, lithium, and storage, and has devoted limited energy to serving more markets at level I and II levels, where the country's needs are met, the industry is flourishing, and the people have faith.
If not, it will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. This report is prepared by China Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not about any area, country or other jurisdiction where China Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations, or have caused Chinese securities to be subject to drying laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to another person.