Biadi: In 2023, the company increased its sales year-round and its performance was innovative. The company achieved 3.024 million sales in 2023, leading analysis of Wu Ho's electrical equipment and new energy industries.
\triangleright Expedition has accelerated into multinational areas. While companies have consolidated and expanded the advantages of domestic market development, they have actively accelerated their deployment abroad and have entered Japan, Germany, Australia, Brazil, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Practice number: $150052200003 was officially laid in March, while the company announced in July and December 2023, respectively, that a large production base complex would be set up in Brazil and that a global leading new energy vehicle complex would be built in Hungary.
Car manufacturing bases, which actively promote localized production processes, and the transformation of global motor vehicles. Billion dollars, 51.6 billion dollars, 60.7 billion dollars, or 14 times, 11 times and 10 times, respectively, risk factors: high-end brand model listing process less than expected; new model sales less than expected;
\triangleright Biadi: 23q3 perform brightly, bike profits go well, Biadi: 2302 bikes up profit.
High-end layout Biadi: cycling gains, high performance of 23H1
Four years of research and research in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in areas such as Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands. Bones. Used to work at Toyota Autotechnical Center and Joaquin Securities, one year’s work experience with automobile companies plus three years of research in the automobile industry.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, mainly covering areas such as intelligence, intelligence, and new power. Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.