Shen Jia's sales continued to increase in May and is expected to accelerate the seizure of the fuel truck market, recommending that the company “buy in” sell 332,000 cars, Mom+6%, yoy+38% in May. Sales are significantly higher than industry.
On May 28, the company released a fifth-generation dm blending technique, marked by energy consumption, which is better than a fuel truck and is expected to accelerate the capture of its share of the fuel truck market.
With a strong market competitiveness in less than 200,000 markets, with a new generation of hybrid technologies and a price-fixing strategy, we believe that companies will be able to take a greater share of the fuel truck market this year. And, as high-level intellectual driving functions are gradually made up, and looking at brands enhances the company’s image, the company’s high-end brands are sold out.
In addition, the process of corporate globalization is accelerating and is accelerating the growth of channel construction and overseas base-building. Corporate sales as a whole are increasing at the same rate, and the volume of tram sales is re-innovating: the company sold 332,000 cars, Mom + 6%, yoy + 38% in May. Sales are significantly higher than the industry as a whole.
184,000 vehicles per month, Mom+3.7 per cent, yoy+54 per cent, “electricity is lower than oil” were sold, and the strategy proved to be effective, with the capture of the market share of fuel trucks with the same price; 146,000 vehicles per month, Mom+8.9 per cent, yoy+22.4 per cent, were sold by pure power by car, and high-end brands performed relatively smooth and robustly this month.
12,223 vehicles per month, yoy+11.1 per cent, mom+9.9 per cent, and dd9 were sold on a monthly basis; the fifth-generation blend technology was released, first on Qin ldm-i and seal 06dm-i: on May 28, institutional investors accounted for the share in circulation a
The company released the fifth generation dm blend technology, which enabled it to consume 2.9l per cent of the 100-km feedable oil, combined with 2,100 km extension, 0.9l reduction in fuel consumption compared to the previous generation of dm technology (issued in 2021), 900 km renewal, and an iterative upgrade of the blending technology, bringing the fuel consumption into the “2l” era.
The plug-in efficiency engine used by the plug-in system achieved 46.06 per cent heat efficiency (43 per cent in the previous generation); the working-level efficiency of the ehs power-drilling system was increased from 87.6 per cent to 92 per cent; the power density was increased from 65kw/l to 75kw/l; and the energy-density of the plug-in blade cells was increased by 15.9 per cent.
Qin and SEAL 06dm-i were released on the same day, first on the fifth generation dm technology, and the price of these cars was revised downwards, and then the blended product of the price belt became vacant. Qin and SEAL 06dm-i have clear competitions over the cost of space, configuration and use.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
The information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.