Biadi: The fifth generation dm technology leads with Qinl, SEAL 06, and the blended oil consumption enters the 2l era dm-i marketing meeting.
The fifth generation dm technology was released, and the fifth generation dm technology was released. On the evening of May 28th, Biadi organized the fifth generation dm technology launch and the Qin ldm-i, and the seal 06dm-i were published.
Specially used high-efficiency engines and ehs power mix, 7.5 seconds faster, nedc 100 km of fuel, 2.9 litres of electricity and cltc electricity, 10.7 kwh/100km.
The average is 2.26l, and the seal 06 is 2.11l, and the results of the full-oil combined re-entry media are over 2,300 km. The dm5.0 system fuel economy has also improved significantly. According to the release conference, the owners of Qinl and seal 06 are using electricity on short-distance basis (using the ratio).
In the case of fuel trucks that consume 7l per 100 km, $9,682 was saved; in the absence of a charger, $6888 was saved by the owners of Qinl and SEAL 06. The new cars, Biadi Qinl and SEAL06, were officially on the market, with the first delivery of the fifth generation dm technology.
Seals 06dm-i and Qinldm-i are "sister-type" and cltc has 80 km and 120 km of pure electrical renewal, each of which provides an optional 5-car model at a price range of $9.98-1398,000.
Combining systems, with a maximum power of 74kw for 1.5l motors, with a power of 120kw, 160kw and a maximum speed of 180km/h for power drives. New vehicle batteries with a power of 10.08kwh, 15.874kwh and two lithium phosphate
Seal 06dm-i and Qin ldm-i will have a significant impact on the market for compact, medium fuel vehicles.
2790 mm. According to the Pacific Cars, the hot-cut fuel tankers Gilistine, Chiri Erezer, Biadey: 23q3 perform well, and the profits of the bicycles go on, 8, Maveda 3onksala, Toyota Carola, the Japanese and the general public are the only ones who have ever been able to make it.
Da 3 Anksala has a lower price than Qinl, and Qinl has an advantage in terms of size and fuel consumption.
High-end layout, the Leopard 06 size is equal, with a clear advantage in sales and fuel consumption.
The sales price of the minimum distribution distributors was 12.19 million (preference 60,000) and 120.6 million (preference 55,000) respectively, and we believe that after Qinl's listing, it will be possible to create a larger market for jointly financed medium fuel vehicles.
Qin Plus has taken first place in a compact vehicle month to watch Qinl and SEAL 06 follow-up deliveries of cindasecuritiesco., ltd \triangleright
In Beijing, the first building of the 9th House of the City of the City of the West Side, which was sold monthly at 21,000, 31,000 and 28,000, has been ranked first in a row as a car of the leanest kind, exceeding the old model of the cars, which are sold in the medium-sized car market, Pasart and Cammy.
Ten thousand, 142,000, 97,000, we believe that Qinl, SEAL 06, with the advantages of selling prices, fuel consumption, etc., has a large alternative to the medium fuel truck market. Meanwhile, Biadi is rising at the sea level of intelligence, and we believe that the future is likely to be about 20 million cities worldwide with solar brands.
\triangleright Risk: High-end brand model listing process less than expected: new model sales less than expected: up
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Automobile chains are covered, with emphasis on the Tesla industry.
In 2020, the researcher joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research into the new energy sector for electrical equipment. Research experience, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research into the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the electricity and storage industries. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sinta Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covering, inter alia, the whole of the new forces, intelligent driving, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.