Bialdi's 2023 report: A new cycle of product start-up events: Biadi's 2023 annual report, during the reporting period, the company achieved operating income
The net profit from the non-return to the mother is $28,462 million, or +82.01 per cent. Performance meets expectations. For the fourth quarter, business income was realized at $18,541 million, or +15.1/+11.4 per cent, respectively; net profit from the return to the mother was higher than double profit and innovation throughout the year: in 2023, the total number of vehicles sold amounted to 3,024,000, the same amount as in 2023.
This represents an increase of 67.79 per cent, an increase of $60,231.5 million a year, an increase of +42.04 per cent, and a net profit for the mother.
In March of 24th year, Weida announced that it would further expand its collaboration with Biadi, whose car-borne computing platform driveorin’s follow-up product, Drivethor, would add new guests such as Biadi, and raise momentum and look forward to the realization of the city’s noa function in 2024.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) enables the layout of the area and the introduction of technology such as transientity, cloudy, etc., accompanied by corporate car smartness, total market value/flow (billions)
Accelerating penetration helps to improve the competitiveness of the company’s product markets. High-end: the company’s active high-ends are the highest/lowest price card in 12 months, based on the new energy base, and upswings high-end brands of ups and ups, ups and ups and downs, and the equation leopards are the best.
In 24 years, high-end brands have been published with multi-car models including u7 and we believe that the company is high, that Biadei is expected to have many new models to accelerate the sea, and that it is expected to grow in Europe, South-East Asia, etc., intelligent, high-end, and three-wheel-drive-drive companies that are expected to grow in the long run.
Investment proposal: As a global champion of new energy vehicles, companies benefit from a new round to activate domestic demand with an old-news policy, super-intellectualization, high-end, seaboard strategy acceleration and product structure optimization.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report