Biadi: New hybrid technology is expected to shine, and we're going out to sea, high-end, intelligent, three arrows. Events: A company published a quarterly report in 2024, with 24q1 collecting $129.94 billion, the same amount.
\triangleright Practice No.: s15005226001 24 is new in number and new hybrid technology is expected. 24 years early to present to the dynasty.
\triangleright \ pus, Han, Tang, Songpro and Seanet gulls, dolphins, seals dm-i,
On the technical side, the National Patent Office announced that the new structure mix of Biadi's, patented, new hybrid systems that decoupled engines and generators and made pure power-driven generators.
The engine system, the cooling of the power, the radiating module, etc. are all upgraded. We believe that the new hybrid system is expected to decrease further compared to the fuel consumption of the current dm-i system, which is about four centimetres of an upgrade.
The process of seaboarding has accelerated and advanced. At the same time, the company has been active in accelerating the deployment of its domestic market and has entered several countries and territories, including Japan, Germany, Australia, Brazil, the United Arab Emirates.
Byddolphin, bydseal, entered the Indonesian car market; in April, Biadi Seagull was listed in Chile: on 14 May, Piadi's first Picard bydsark was first launched in Mexico. 952 vehicles were sold in the month, with a cumulative volume of 6,475 to date, with millions of new energy subvs.
The first sales of the month. A global premiere was launched at the Beijing Car Fair, further enabling the momentum to achieve the new energy luxury car brand of mpv, suv, and car full product. The whole car smart strategy was released, with the delivery of high-level smart driving aids.
In January, Biadey held a dream day, released a whole-of-a-car smart strategy, and the whole of the car was smudged through a smudge of intelligence, and Bialdi: 23q3 performance, and the profits of the bicycles, and many engineers, as of January 24th, were in China.
First, "Eye of God" high-level intelligent driving aids were delivered and became the nation's first high-end layout.
A car company with a class 1-3 test license plate. Newly available n7 is marked with the "Eye of the Gods" Biadi: the bike is profiting, 23h1 performers high, high-level smart driving support systems, support for high-speed piloting, city piloting, surrogate parking, etc.
Of these, high-speed pilotage is available for delivery in 40+ cities, covering the country as soon as possible in the fourth quarter of this year, while the urban pilot function has also been measured and covering the country as soon as possible at the end of the year.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City, 100 million yuan, 46.9 billion yuan, 56 billion yuan, 18 times, 14 times and 12 times, respectively.
Risk factors: high-end brand model listing process less than expected; new model sales less than expected; up \triangleright Figure 2: Company quarterly collection (millions of dollars)
Figure 4: Quarterly Mother ' s Net Profit (Billion Dollars) Figure 5: Company ' s Quarterly Māori & Net Interest Rate (%) Figure 6: Company Quarterly Cost Rate (%)
Figure 7: The Cyrus Group ' s monthly sales (car) Skywind Securities, 2018 Gold Cow Award Number 1, 2020 New Wealth Number 2 and 2020, 4 core team members. 4 years of research experience in the automobile industry, good at top-down investment opportunities. Automobile chain coverage, focusing on the Tesla industry
In 2020, the researcher joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research into the new energy sector for electrical equipment. Research experience, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research into the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the electricity and storage industries. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sinta Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covering, inter alia, the whole of the new forces, intelligent driving, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.