In a car, the fifth generation of dm leads with Qinl, SEAL-06, the global blending into Biadi: May 28, Biadi, the fifth generation of dm technology release and Qin ldm-i, SEAL 06dm-i.
The launch will take place in Xian. The fifth generation dm technology has achieved the highest engine heat efficiency in the world, 46.06 per cent, the lowest 100 km of electricity deficit in the world, 2.9l, and the longest combined global tour of 1,100 km, rewrite the history of global car oil consumption, usher in a two-year era of oil consumption, and redefine new markers for blending technology.
The fifth generation of technology innovations has created a global leading interpolation system. The fifth generation of technology highlights from this release include: power-based power structures have achieved the highest number of 46.06% of heat efficiency in the world, with a 70.28% increase in power density by optimizing the design of the ehs mix system, and integration.
The energy density of the integrated blade battery increased by 15.9% to ensure stable power output: the first all-temperature area heat management structure in the industry was coordinated by the pre-air, battery and cabin heat management systems, saving 10% energy in high temperatures, 8% in low temperatures, ensuring vehicles.
Energy savings and comfort experiences; IGE electronics structures combined with integrated plug-in power area control, achieving 18.3 per cent increase in functional reuse and power density by combining vcu and double-mcu cerebral integration techniques, with a 146 per cent increase in chip computing and a significant increase in the integration and intensity of the entire vehicle.
Released and produced, two years of fuel consumption, and a new cycle of engine-led cars started. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and volume production, fifth-generation dm technology-led Qinldm-i and seal 06dm-i, opened for listing.
The 12-month maximum/minimum ($) and delivery. The two models were launched in five versions at a price of between $998 and $139.8 million, with fuel consumption of only one third of the fuel truck and a three-fold extension of the combined fleet.
By 2021, Biadi’s fourth generation of dm-i was born, bringing the fuel consumption of Chinese branded vehicles into the “3-litre era” and achieving “oil and electricity” at the same price. The new generation of dm technology will consume its higher engine heat and lower electricity losses.
In contrast, the solar brands Toyota and Honda, which emphasize the economic nature of fuel, have a special engine heat efficiency of about 41%. The Chinese brand is used for global mixing into Biadi.
Investment proposal: As a global driving leader, the company's technological advantage leads to a new cycle of car-type start-up, benefits in depth from an old subsidy policy that accelerates the opening of the Quadratic curve. We expect the Pacific Academy to be able to open up the Quadractic curve.
7th floor, 2nd floor, 2nd floor, 2nd wing, 9th North Street, Beijing, and 10th floor, 10th floor, National Open Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City, 1904th floor, 19th floor, New World Center, East and Lotus Road, Fuda District, Shenzhen City.
988 São Fong Square, downtown Guangzhou Avenue.
The company ' s unified social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.