Retail operations have continued to grow, and wholesale financial operations have grown, and Martinine has recovered. 17 years of net return profit of 70.15 billion, a 13 per cent increase, compared to the previous three quarters.
0.22pc. Of this amount, q4 had an increase of 14.1 per cent in the same quarter and a decrease of 1.44pc in the rate of q3 over the same period. As a result of a significant increase in the amount of tax receipts received over the same period last year, the main result was the accounting recognition rule for the provision that referred to partial taxation of the amount written off; the business situation was generally stable, with profits growing at a rate of 7.1 per cent before the provision of 17q4, compared with 7.1 per cent before the provision was made.
17q3. The rate of increase in revenue is rising on a quarterly basis, and net fees and commissions are growing steadily. In 17 years, the income growth of Chiang Jiang Song-hyun has increased on a quarterly basis. Structurally, growth drives interest net income by 7.62% over the same period;
In the context of the overall slowdown in the industry, the commercial banks benefited from bank cards and settlements, rapid liquidation operations, net fees and commission revenues, which increased by 5.18 per cent on a year-on-year basis. q4-quarter net interest spread rings increased by 4bps to share price movements. Structured: high-cost co-possession certificates were reduced by about 90 billion net sizes and deposits were on demand at the company's bank account.
At the end of the day, the average loan balance is stable, with loans totalling about 3.6 trillion dollars, a net decrease of about 70 billion dollars from the end of September, or because of timing factors.
The average loan balance is 351 trillion, which is stable compared to q3. Structurally, personal loans are 83.4 billion more than at the end of June, and resources tend to be tilted towards retail. At the end of the asset: peer finance is almost completely compressed, demand is strong to increase the non-standard size of credit.
It is 23.4 per cent long, but the loan allocation ratio for the full-calibre credit class (including self-financed loans and self-employed loans) is higher, with demand deposits decreasing by nearly 89 billion. The size of deposits at the end of 17 years was 406 trillion, a net decrease of 13.4 billion, high-cost liabilities continued to shrink, and liabilities were optimized.
▪ The asset quality indicator has improved on a full-line basis, with sufficient provision to open the profit free space. The negative balance has slowed considerably after the four-quarter drop of the ratio: 1.61 per cent at the end of 17 years, a net decrease from the four consecutive quarters at the end of September. Loans of concern account for only 1.6 per cent, with less pressure on adverse future generation.
In the case of good lines, a total of nearly $60 billion worth of assets has been prepared for impairment over 17 years, with a 27pc to 262.11% increase in coverage compared to September end. According to the three indicators in Silver Monitor 7, the caller bank's “bad 1. Bank: interest hikes affect the bank a little bit.
/ Loans more than 90 days overdue “about 126%” and “Can you write off and forward/back write-off and roll-out? What? Pricing capacity, change in business behaviour  Profit projection and investment rating: companies have been farming retail financial operations for many years and the ratio of current deposits remains relatively high
Banking topic report: Change of angle High level, significant end-of-liability cost advantage; sustained improvement in asset quality, adequacy of provision, and significant financial advantage. “Light banking” strategy is advancing steadily, capital endogenous capacity is growing and capital adequacy is maintained
3. Merchant Banks report three-quarterly reviews: Profit 1, Retail Financial Services: Sustained High Growth, Proximity Top Partner, Overall Improvement in Client Efficiency, Over Billion Retail Clients.
Business capacity has continued to grow, with the total number of active users of business banks applying for and taking over the month having increased overall client efficiency by over 45 million; the number of retail customers has continued to grow to 107 million (with credit cards, debit cards); and the balance of total customer sales (aum) of $6.16 trillion has been managed, an increase of 4.51 per cent over the end of June.
Credit card operations grew at a very high rate, with the number of bank credit cards continued to grow at a high rate in 2017, with 62,458.68 cards in circulation, an increase of 20.29 per cent from the end of June, and a credit card loan balance of 49,238 million.
Private banking and wealth management are leading. In 2017, the number of corporate private bank clients (all monthlyized retail customers with a total assets of 10 million yuan or more) grew by 5.36% to 674 million by the end of June, with management ranked first, and wealth management leading expanded.
Wholesale financial operations (for public + business): high performance growth, business `breathing with flowers' 1) performance perspective: pre-tax profits increased by 25.7 per cent in the same year, 36.784 billion in the same year, and 25.7 per cent in the same year, far higher than the 7.35 per cent pre-tax profit increase in retail business.
2. Business perspective: the wholesale financial operations of the recruiting banks are divided mainly into corporate finance and corporate finance. In corporate finance, the “transactional bank plus investment bank” has been strategically structured for 13 years, with a significant long-term sedimentation advantage; asset management operations
In addition, the industry is in the vanguard of the business in the paper business, asset-hosting business, etc., which is considered to be a “loaf of flowers”. 3) For traditional public loan operations: clear cost advantages, improved asset quality, etc.
Loan end: Significant improvements in asset quality around strategic clients. Steady growth in public loan clients and continued focus on strategic clients. 17-year growth in public loans of $1.4 trillion, or 6.41 per cent, compared to 16 years, a decrease of 1.36 pct.
The Eagle Wings use list management, tight thresholds, 22,000 brand clients, with a poor rate of 0.15%. At the end of the year, there was a sharp drop in 42bps to 2.5%. From a branch-by-sector perspective, 1) industry risk is severely controlled: manufacturing and wholesale sales have always been the “two difficulties” of lending in the banking sector, with the highest rate of bad investment in all the sectors, and
In recent years, growth has continued. A small number of banks that have achieved negative balances and negative rates of “double drop” in wholesale and retail trade (a negative 50-bps decrease, a negative balance shrinks to nearly 1,500 trillion) and in manufacturing have actually managed to achieve poor control from the “source”. 2) Optimizing the credit structure: 20 exit classes of credit, coal, steel, etc.
In 17 years, the exposure to full-calibre risk in this category continued to be reduced by $13.95 billion, down by $48.2 billion from the end of the previous year, and by 9.37 per cent of non-performing loans, representing a significant decrease of 4.05 percentage points from the end of the previous year. 3) Local government financing platforms operate under strict “access standards”, with loan balances reduced by $5.948 billion and no adverse assets over 16 years.
Deposit end: steady growth in size, cost advantage continues to highlight steady growth in the size of public deposits: corporate deposits at the end of 17 years increased by 2.73 trillion yuan, compared to 8.27 per cent in the previous year, interest rates increased by only 1.5 per cent, and cost advantages continued to be highlighted.
The major advantages are that the number of cash management clients amounts to 1.39 million, representing 88.7 per cent of the total number of public clients, and a significant amount of current deposits has been deposited. 1) The macroeconomic downturn has increased and the quality of assets has deteriorated at an accelerated rate; 2) financial regulation has exceeded expectations and has had a negative impact on banking operations;
3) The US “trade protection” continues to ferment and overseas risk factors increase.
Le Wu Xiao Xiao, Dong Xin Xiang, and Dong Xin Xiang, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, have been accredited with the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board