I've done what I expected, and I've made it to the sea! October 29th, 2020 research assistant, Zambo.
▪ The company published three-quarterly reports for 2020: the group achieved income of $22,102 million, an increase of 4.12 per cent in the same year; net return profit of $2,479 million, an increase of 20.12 per cent in the same year; net profit of $2,060 million, an increase of 19.57 per cent in the same year; net operating cash flow of $2,453 million, a decrease in the same amount
▪ Innovative R & D pipelines continue to be exported, with the group growing in 2021 with a high degree of certainty. 2020 was a long-stop group, and the I R & D pipeline continued to have high density output: hlx-02 injection of curlyball sheets was similarly successful for listing in the EU and China; hlx-04 (reorganization of the antivegf list of human sources)
An application for the listing of antibody injection fluids for the transfer of cancer of late, transient or relapsing non-minus lung cancers is accepted at nmpa; adult patients with avocado acid aphrodisiac tablets used in the selection process for diagnostic or surgical chronic liver-related haemolysis are acquired in China.
The group made significant progress in clinical trials on new adaptive disorders; fcn-437c, orin1001 and aphrodisiac aphrodisiacs. Under the Simulation Convergence model, in the third batch of 2020, the group was able to harvest the pitox, non-buzza, pythals, pythals, pythonate and dollar hydrochloric acid.
The group relies on the "4+3" platform to build three research and development systems: "In-house R & D, license introduction, depth incubation."
The company R & D pipeline. With the group bcl-2 selective little molecule inhibitor fcn-338 successfully awarded lily an interest in overseas R & D, registration, production and commercialization, the company Licenseout (ex-sea authorization) entered a new phase, and the core driver of corporate performance growth entered a four-way era.
HONG HANG HANG has signed a licence agreement with accord for the injection of curded beads against development and commercialization in the United States and Canada, and a global collaboration with sessex on hlx-04 for the treatment of ophthalmology.
Having obtained the approval of fda, it became the first independent submission to the United States of applications for new coronary viruses and antibody clinical trials and approval of Chinese enterprises. 1, Restar Medicine (600196.sh):
With the impact of the epidemic, medical ecology has been brought to the market glandpharma
The group-controlled subsidiary, Glandpharma, has obtained CSRC approval for offshore listing, re-star medicine (600196.sh): the challenge letter and Hong Kong joint submission, and the Indian National Stock Exchange and Mumbai securities deal.
The chairman of the company, Mr. Chen Qiyu, and the co-chairman, Mr. Yao Fing, were re-established as non-executive directors for their work, and Mr. Wu Yifan became a member of the company’s eighth board of directors.
President 2020-08-04, Executive Director and CEO. Mr. Chen Yuqing, Mr. Wang Ko Xin and Mr. Lee Dong-ming were born as co-presidents of the company and Ms. Guan Xiaojun was the CEO and Chief Financial Officer of the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board