The level of profitability of 24h1 was good and the low pressure continued to contract deep 24q2 quarter, and the company achieved revenue of 13,071 million yuan, an increase of 7.94 per cent over the same period; and the net return profit of 841 million yuan, an increase of 19.85 per cent over the same period.
In 24h1, the low-pressure plate generated income of $11,303 million, a 2 per cent increase in the same year. The photovoltage block generated real income of $16,164 million, which is almost equal to the same amount, of which $3,617 million, representing a 33 per cent increase in the development and operation of photovoltaic power plants; $11,852 million in sales and engineering of photovoltaic power plants, a 6 per cent decline in the same year; and storage capacity and reverse change.
Sold out 695 million yuan, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period. Profit & Cost End: Company 24h1 achieved a Māori rate of 25.35 per cent, increased by 3.06 pcts and realized a net profit on the same year Low-pressure appliances: Deepening Channels & Excavation Industry Needs in China Region, International Focusing Localization Strategy.
\triangleright Dun Yongkang 1, Chenghai China 1) Continue to deepen channels: Jung-tae has taken the lead in provincial capitals, priority industrial cities, emerging leaders
“Research marketing” in collaboration with technology front-line, site-based service expansion, with a focus on breaking industry markets such as oems, cut-off plants, buildings, etc., a new generation of oems dedicated to the sale of products worth billions of dollars, over 50 head-to-head clients working together and entering into annual cooperation agreements with customers of commercial buildings such as hotel chains, etc.)
Excavation of industry demand: Gen-Thai accurate insight into new applications in the industry, new demand in the area of disaggregation, deep-farming industry and multidimensional research assistant Xu Joon-chul, expanding the four-new business, with over 20 per cent of the four-news performance contribution, and six-monthly year-on-year growth in the professional sector market
33%. 3) Service enabling: Continuous upgrading of fast and efficient distribution services and delivery performance capacity, setting up of technical service stations in clusters of industries and cities with high market ownership as a whole, based on field services such as “regional marketing, technical programme support, installation and debugging services, equipment detection and transportation services”.
II. SETI International: 1) Focus on Localization: Synchronization and optimization of the foundations of the global internal management operating system
(ii) Enhanced global distribution: the company has succeeded in adding more than 30 new distributors and wholesalers and in entering a shortlist of more than 10 new energy developers in the head, successfully winning Super 2. Genta Electric (601877.sh) in the third quarter of 2023
In the first half of 2024, Tyyan was able to add more installed capacity than 6gw and sell power plants with a capacity of about 3gw. As of 24h1, it was able to hold its own capacity.
Over 17gw. As of 24h1, the company had nearly 2,700 recruitment agents, covering 29 provincial districts and nearly 1,800 district districts.
Q: q3 profitability has improved significantly, and Chetien is able to draw conclusions from the methodology and analytical logic of listing, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.