According to the company's projections for the fourth quarter of 2021, the company's performance is high.
The impact of the policy \triangleright. Throughout the year, the company benefited from the launch of the petrochemical phase two project and the ability to climb. In the short term, the petrochemical phase two could continue to add to the company's performance.
\triangleright Phase II project was launched into operation in November 2020 for the first set of installations (general pressure relief and related utility engineering devices, etc.) and, as of mid-January 2022, Phase II project refining oils, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene and downstream chemical engineering units
So, we think that, with the full process going through, Pyrochemical II will continue to boost corporate performance by fully contributing productive capacity in 2022. In the medium and long term, building on the Greater Refinement Platform, the company will move to a new material and a more sophisticated chemical platform.
\triangleright level. The second phase of the project was carried out throughout the year, with petrochemicals adding 20 million tonnes/year of refining capacity, 6.6 million tonnes/year of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tonnes/year of ethylene production capacity; this has helped to mitigate some of the new energy sources, new materials.
The state of supply is not sufficient to ensure the safety of the domestic supply chain; on the other hand, petrochemicalization will provide companies with sufficient raw material security and exhibition space for the further development of new downstream high-value-added materials and fine chemical industries.
More than pta and px. The company currently has 1.3 million tonnes per year, Fody and Poy, totalling 940,000 tonnes per year, and 1. Precursors of Precious petrochemicals (002493), moving from refining to new materials and fine chemical platforms.
dty 350,000 tonnes/year, polyester membrane production capacity of 250,000 tonnes/year, holding capacity of 9.6 million tonnes/year, and participating in 2. Emeritus petrochemicals (002493): production of the refining project uphill drive, holding capacity of 13.5 million tonnes/year. (2) Polyolefins: Pyrochemical 2 will be owned by the post-partum company.
Ethylene production capacity of 2.8 million tonnes/year, styrene production capacity of 1.9 million tonnes/year, and will continue to expand downstream. (3) Emeritus petrochemicals (002493); ZP2 production + polytechnic plastics (pc): the company has formed a industry-wide chain layout of pc products with 520,000 tonnes/year polycarbon acid
The ester landscape is upwards, with high profitability, lipid production capacity, coupled with phenol production capacity of 290,000 tonnes/year, acetone production capacity of 140,000 tonnes/year; and (4) new energy materials (e.g.,eva): ZP2 has planned a combined capacity of 10.3 million tonnes of eva/ldpe in 21 years.
(v) Bottom production. (v) Rubber plate: Pyrochemical Phase II is equipped with a production device for butadiene, which can extend the industrial chain further into the rubber field of sbs, abs, etc. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.