Research Center for Resources and the Environment (RCRE) Pulse profits or much higher than expected Pulse releases performance for the first phase, second phase of production is expected to sustain growth, and high performance levels are determined.
In December 2019, ZP was put into production. Given the complexity of the integration device, 1. The ZP performance has reached a new high for the same period, and the growth will be fully operational on 13th, taking into account the full postnatal load process and the steady operation of the device.
Continuing! - The Pyrochemical Review, 2021.10.15. Re-consolidation process, and the complexity of the bulk depth processing device downstream. We believe that Pyrochemical Phase II will probably contribute less in 2021, with the gradual investment of Pyrochemical Phase II in the bulk depth processing project.
2. “R&D costs soared, luminouseva became productive, phase II performance is expected to be released gradually by 2022-2023, and the growth of glory petrochemical performance is more certain.
In 2021, at the bottom of the picture, the industry generally lost, and it can be derived from the 2021 performance of Pyrochemicals, most of which came from Pyrochemicals, which pre-excluded or resulted in a single Pyrochemical Monument.
High-growth, low-valued poles take off on a continuous basis, with a performance of about 19-21 billion, or even higher, with complete post-partum profit or far higher.
cyclicality: The size of the chemical installations is greater than the level of phase I, which includes a large amount of new materials such as photovoltaics, dmc, pc, abs, etc., which are widely used for new materials such as photovoltaics, new energy vehicles, driven by the global "doubt carbon" policy
High growth in end-use demand is more certain, and the full commissioning of the ZP2 project is expected to be further weakened.
1. Crude oil single-way risk of large-scale decline; 2. Serious demand deterioration in end demand 3. Geopolitic risk 4. Construction progress is not as fast as the anticipated 5-dollar exchange rate volatility risk 6. Other force majeure effects1.
On January 28, 2022, Pre-Performance announcement was issued for the year 2021, and the company expects phase two to be expected to lead to sustained growth in Pyrochemical performance, which remains largely low and has significant elasticity in performance. Pyramid is the largest pta in the world.
One of the producing enterprises, which has been operating for the last two years as a result of a number of large-scale pta projects, the pta-px price differential has continued to be at a low historical level, with an average price gap of 8.3 per cent in 2021, accompanied by a slowdown in the production of large-scale pta-px capacity, the pta-px price differential is expected to be repaired gradually, and the company ' s performance is relatively high
In December 2019, the holding subsidiary ZP project was launched and, given the complexity of the 20 million tonnes of integrated refining project installations, the ZP project did not reach its full capacity in 2020, thus continuing to release its performance in 2021, contributing to a sustained high growth in performance.
The annual report, the net profit for the first half of the ZP issue is about $11.3 billion, assuming the contribution of ZP for the whole year 2021, with 80 per cent of the performance, and only ZP2 for the year 2021, with a net profit of $19 billion for the year 2021, far from the full commissioning of ZP2 on January 13, 2022, and the ZP2 project contains the full commissioning of the ZP2 project.
20 million tonnes/year refining capacity, 6.6 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tonnes/year-old ethylene/year-olds, along with associated deep processing capacity. Similar to the first phase, the second phase of zolpidem, with a near non-large release rate in 2021, is expected to gradually release its performance in 2022-2023, accompanied by a phase-out of two downstream deep processing projects.
Precursor products under phase II include a wide range of photovoltaic-leveleva, dmc, pc, abs, etc. New materials such as photovoltaics and new energy vehicles, driven by a global “double carbon” policy, where demand for new energy-related materials has grown with greater certainty and is expected to weaken company performance while increasing the value added of the products.
cyclical. At the same time, the capacity of new petrochemical materials is integrated, with significant cost and scale advantages compared to single-line enterprises. 1. Risk of a single-way large-scale decline in crude oil: a single-way decline in crude oil prices will account for significant stock losses
The price of lost and refined industrial chain products has a strong correlation with crude oil prices, and a single drop in crude oil prices will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability; 2. Serious deterioration in demand for end demand: most of the glorified petrochemical products are bulk chemical products subject to production
Super-expected changes in supply and demand relationships in the chain of operations. While oil prices need to be taken into account, macroeconomic needs such as downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure, etc., can also have an impact on demand for chemicals; 3. Geopolitical risk: raw material ends include, but are not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil caused by sudden events, or
In the event of a major increase in the supply of crude oil, including but not limited to the imposition of taxes on China's exports during the China-United States trade war, anti-dumping investigations into China's Changsi by South-East Asian countries, etc.
5. Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, while revenue-end settlements are dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require the purchase of the dollar, sale of the renminbi, completion of settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or relative
6. Other force majeure impacts;
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment