Medical Health Research Center Intelligents (300122.sz) Purchased (first rating) Proxy two-line drive, new crown vaccine development sequenced
The company is the head of the vaccine industry in the country, with a leading marketing capacity and a wide coverage of the country’s terminals. The distribution network has reached 31 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities, more than 300 municipalities, more than 2,600 districts and districts, covering more than 30,000 basic health services (towns, community clinics) and has been affected.
The company’s cooperative relationship with Mercerton is stable, the agent’s agent maintains a rapid growth trend, and the company’s contract with Mercerton continued in 2020 for 21 years.
6979 million yuan: Mercado can increase supply and base purchases depending on the situation. We estimate optimism that the Hpv vaccine stock market is close to 100 billion yuan, with an annual incremental market of over 10 billion yuan; and that varieties such as rv5, ppsv23, and hepatitis A elimination vaccine are also of high market value.
The company is more comprehensive in the layout of the nodule control plate. The two heavy-pound products of the company ' s nodule control plate, ec, have been marketed, and the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) has been placed on the market;
The combination of ec and bcg-ppd will solve the problem of non-identifiable card-based mellitus products (ppd, etc.), which are expected to become a heavy-pound product of the company.
Other self-research products advance in an orderly manner, opening up the company’s long-term development space. There are currently 16 varieties of notes that are in the clinical phase, in addition to nodule control plates, involving brain circulation, flu, rabies, pneumonia, etc.
One area. Among them, the ac-hib dryer model is new and promises to fill the gap; the four-priced influenza vaccine is advancing and potential market space is visible; the rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) is in the clinical stage!
The company's reorganization of the new coronary vaccine has entered the iii clinical trial and is moving ahead with research and development in the domestic vaccine industry. The company's agency/self-research vaccine variety is abundant, the distribution capacity of the channel is prominent, and we appreciate the changes in the company's domestic vaccine collaboration with Mercerton: the vaccine market competition increases the risk: receivables and stock flow
Risks; lack of progress in the marketing of autonomous products; progress in the development of new crown vaccines and cost risks, among others; smart-flying organisms: marketing of developed and heavily developed national vaccine champions.
After 17 years of development, the company has grown into a biohigh technology enterprise that collects vaccines, bioproducts, produces, sells, promotes, distributes, and imports and exports.
Ten products are being sold, covering 31 provinces of the country, and the parent company is the main promoter of the product, thanks to its excellent marketing network, which is the agency designated by Mercerton in China for the uniform sale of all vaccines imported by Mercerton, exclusive in 2017.
Limer Shatton's 4-price hpv, which was imported in 2018 by the Complementary Agreement agency at the 9-price hpv; the fully-owned company's wisdom to fly a green bamboo, a wise dragon Koma as a research and development base, the company's bacteria class plates to be borne mainly by smart flyers, and the viral vaccine plates and nodule control plates to be borne mainly by smart dragon Koma.
Figure 1: Corporate development milestones  Corporate equity structure is more concentrated. As of the third quarter of 2020, Mr. Jiang In-sheng held 50.71% of the company’s shareholdings, the company’s controlling shareholders, the actual controllers, and the current chairman of the board.
The six wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Green Bamboo, Ji Feilong Koma, Chongqing Ji-in, Ji Fei-seong, Ji Fei-eun, and Ji Fei-eun, as well as an intelligent investment in a participating subsidiary. Figure 2: Corporate equity structure
▪ The company ' s autonomous and proxy products cover bacterial vaccine product plates, viral vaccine product plates and nodule control product plates, creating age-wide coverage patterns; the company currently sells 10 products, including 4 bacterial vaccine products, and viral vaccine products
Four products, two therapeutic biological products (nodules) and, in 2019, a total of five imported vaccine products, including 23 priced pneumonia vaccine, 4 price hpv vaccine, 9 price hpv vaccine, 5 price rotavirus vaccine and elimination, were marketed by the company as agents.
5 products developed autonomously by the company, including ikka (ec-reorganization of nodule rods with proteins) and microcard (injection of cow branch bacterium) in combination with acyw 135 more sugar epidemic
From 2015 to 2019, companies registered a combined annual growth rate of 96.32%; from 197 million yuan to 2,366 million yuan.
High-speed growth has been achieved under a high base, with income profit performance in the first three quarters exceeding last year’s full-year level. Since the introduction of Mercer East’s new agent’s nine-priced Hpv vaccine in 2018, the agent contributed the company’s main performance.
The company’s Māori rate has declined, but net interest rate levels have remained largely stable. The company’s Māori rate has declined gradually in recent years, mainly because of the increase in corporate agency varieties as a share of revenue, and the lower Māori agent product.
The rate has reduced the overall Māori rate, but the level of net interest rates has remained largely stable as a result of good cost control.
The mature marketing network, coupled with Mersardon’s dominant products, has continued to perform well in the short and medium term, with the company’s extensive coverage at the domestic end and is central to the competitiveness of Mercsardon’s agents. The company’s marketing network has fully covered the country’s 31 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities, and more than 300 municipalities.
More than 2,600 districts and districts, covering more than 30,000 primary health-care centres (inoculation sites, community clinics). A wide-ranging and deep-end system of exclusive marketing networks has been created: at the same time, companies have set up regional managers to manage and maintain vaccination sites, making them seamlessly linked to more than 30,000 vaccination sites.
In recent years, companies have been strengthening their market teams, promoting market-based farming strategies, and further expanding their front-line sales.
In 2019, the number of company sales workers reached 1,843, or 62.01 per cent of the company ' s total active employees, while in the same period, the number of sales workers was 240 and 222, respectively.
In 2019, $5,507 million, in 2020 $8,833 million, this time $10,289 million, in 22 years h1, 1.04 billion, $1,105 million and $572 million, respectively. It was agreed that Mercantón could increase supply and base purchases on the basis of the actual situation, adjusted as follows: Hpv vaccine 2021
The amount is not equal to the purchase order, depending on the order confirmed in writing by both parties. hpv vaccine: exclusive agent Mercerton's dominant product, which we expect to have nearly 100 billion domestic market space, cervical cancer is one of the most common malignant tumours of the gynaecology, the second highest cancer among women aged 15 to 44 years of age worldwide.
According to the report on the Chinese papilloma virus and related diseases, published in 2019 by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the number of new cases of cervical cancer in the country is estimated at 106.4 million, and the number of deaths is estimated at 47.7 million.
Hpv vaccine products include: gsk ' s second-priced hpv vaccine (Hrieshawk), Vantaa ' s second-priced hpv vaccine (Sweet) and Mercado 's fourth-priced and nine-priced hpv vaccine (Jadathe).
In the end of 2019, Man-tae's carnival was approved, and an appointment for vaccination was opened in May 2020. So, in the short run, Mossad will continue to occupy a large share of the global Hpv vaccine market, especially at the fourth and ninth price hpv plates.
The country’s Hpv vaccine continues to grow at a four-price/nine-price rate, short-term supply is low, and according to our estimates, the country’s Hpv vaccine market was close to 10 billion in 2019. With the spread of the nine-price Hpv vaccine in the country, the volume and value of the nine-priced Hpv vaccine was distributed to all of the Hpv epidemics.
In 2019, the domestic distribution of the second-priced Hpv vaccine was 20.7 million, a decline of 4.95 per cent, with a cargo value of $1,164 million at the national winning price of $580 per tranche; and the four-priced Hpv vaccine was issued 5.5437 million, an increase of 45.88 per cent, for example, at the national winning price
Tens of thousands, with an increase of 173.35 per cent over the same year, with a value of $4,315 million, based on the country ' s winning price of $1,298 per year. The estimated value of the Hpv vaccine in 2019 was $9,903 million. In January-November 2020, the country achieved 2.57 million copies of the second price Hpv vaccine, an increase of the same year.
51.18 per cent, with a value of $1,491 million at the national winning price of $580 per tranche; 6.75 million Hpv vaccines achieved at the four price mark, an increase of 53.41 per cent over the same period; and 5,387 million yuan at the national winning price of $798 per installment: 4.83 million copies of the nine price hpv vaccine issued.
According to Mercerton Annual Report, the combined sales of Hpv vaccines at 4/9 prices in 2019 increased by 18.60% from the previous year, mainly due to high demand in the Asia-Pacific region, particularly China. Since the introduction of Hpv vaccines in the country, vaccinations can be arranged at community clinics, private hospitals, etc., and demand is hot.
Figure 16: The Hpv vaccine is hard to get news.
Inoculation anxiety? 2020-0914:52 North City Journalist Joro, who is still a real female killer of the Hpv virus.
The Hpv vaccine, which was born as early as 2006, has become so tight in China. The domestic vaccine industry is accelerating the development of the Hpv vaccine, and the competition pattern is relatively stable in the short term, with only one doing so at present.
In addition, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine in Vantaa, Shanghai, is currently undergoing three clinical trials: the second-priced Hpv vaccine in Watson was declared on the market in June 2020 and is currently in the review phase and is currently leading the research and development process.
Industry; three-priced Hpv vaccine studied by the Conservatives was completed on October 17th, 2020. iii Clinical admissions, other enterprises were slow to develop, and the pattern of competition for Hpv vaccine was relatively stable in the short term.
We expect the market space for Hpv vaccine stocks to be close to 100 billion. Based on the age range of the three-priced Hpv vaccine in the country, it is assumed that the existing population aged 9-15 years will receive a double-priced Hpv, a four-price Hpv, a nine-price Hpv vaccine, a four-price Hpv vaccine, and a two-price hpv vaccine for those aged 16-26 years.
Vaccinations, taking into account the relatively small quantity of gskhiri issued, are estimated at the market space for the two-priced Hpv vaccine using a flat price of caramel. At the same time, due to limited outreach and product availability, the overall coverage of the Hpv vaccine is low, and we are assuming that we give the same amount for the two-priced and four-price Hpv vaccine.
Billion dollars; within the neutral scenario, the domestic Hpv stock market space is 55.9 billion yuan; conservative assumption of five-priced rotavirus vaccine: the country has only two batches of rotavirus vaccine, estimated to be 3 billion market size Acute diarrhoeal disease is one of the leading causes of childhood disease and death worldwide, while the rota virus
According to the Chinese Journal of Epidemiology, more than 90 per cent of confirmed cases of diarrhoeal infection in the country are viral abdominal diarrhea and less than 10 per cent of bacterial diarrhoea; in viral diarrhoea, more than 90 per cent are cycling viruses;
According to the Children's Science Journal, the number of deaths due to rv infection is as high as 600,000 every year before the vaccination is not available.
With the spread of the rv vaccination, annual deaths due to the rv infection have fallen to around 200,000. More than 90 countries have included the rv vaccine in their plans.
Since the introduction of the virus into immunization planning, the coverage of the United States Rotavirus vaccine has increased from less than 50 per cent in 2009 to more than 70 per cent in 2013. According to WHO, the number of HIV positive cases in the United States has dropped from more than 100,000 to less than 50,000, and there has been a significant reduction in the incidence of diarrhoea among children caused by Rotaviruses.
To a lesser extent, while the US plans to achieve 80% coverage by 2020, we expect to see a 20% pass in China in the future. There are now six rounds of vaccine on the global market, including rotarix in gsk, and Mossatón.
Rotateq, Rotavac and Rotasiil in Lanzhou, and Rotacin-mi in Viet Nam. Rotaryx, Rotateq and Rotwe are the most important products of the current global rotational virus vaccine.
Figure 22: Deaths of children under 5 in major countries of the world in 2013 Chart 25: Rotavirus disease among children aged 19-35 in the United States, 2013-2017
Drugs. Prior to the introduction of Mossadonrotateq, only Lanzhou's single-priced PV vaccine, Rotaway, was on the market. Since its entry into the domestic market in 2018, Rotateq's batches have grown rapidly, reaching 469.83 million doses in 2019, an increase of 493.37 per cent compared to the winning price in the country.
Figure 26: Number of domestic batches of rotavirus vaccines issued 2016-2020q1 Figure 27: Value of domestic batches of rotavirus vaccines issued 2016-2019
The vaccine may gradually replace the single-priced rotavirus vaccine. The single-priced rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou is only on the market in China. The single-priced rotavirus vaccine is administered once a year between the age of June and the age of four, with a poor degree of dependency and protection for only one year.
The first dose at the weekly age, followed by a interval of 4 to 10 weeks and the completion of all three doses at the 32-week age, the shortest interval between the two doses is recommended for four weeks, and the vaccination is more dependent: we believe that the market share of single-priced rotavirus vaccine can be gradually replaced in the future.
Figure 29: Comparison of unit and five-priced rotavirus vaccine The country has a good competition for rotavirus vaccine in the short term. Except for the three-priced rotavirus vaccine in Lanzhou, which has been reported, and the six-priced vaccine in Wuhan, which is undergoing three clinical trials, other firms are slow to develop.
As a result, competition is well under way in the short term, and future company agents’ sales of Mossatunrotateq are still promising to reach the potential market size of the five-priced Rotavirus vaccine, which is expected to reach up to $3 billion. According to the National Institute of Statistics, the country’s birth rate for 2019 was 14.65 million people, down 3.81% from the same year.
Assuming a penetration rate of 25 per cent, 15 per cent, 280 yuan/contributions for the five-priced rotavirus vaccine under optimistic, neutral and conservative conditions, the size of our market for the five-priced rotavirus vaccine is expected to be $30.77/18.46/1231 billion, respectively.
Self-research + agent product double-wheel-drive, self-researching of new products is gradually entering the harvest period. There are currently 17 projects at the clinical stage. We believe that the company is working on the tube line for nodule control, the 4-priced flu vaccine, and the rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells) and so on.
Research and development investment has been accompanied by a gradual expansion of the biopharmaceutical version of the project, which is worth hundreds of millions of yuan, with a total of 328 active research and development staff. Increasing investment in research and development and expanding research and development teams provide sufficient financial guarantees and a pool of talent for corporate ownership of research and development.
Sustained R & D inputs have led to sustained output for companies. Since its listing in 2010, the Company has two R & D bases, one R & D centre, which has accumulated six vaccine product registrations and one nodule screening product.
Nuclear, pneumonia, influenza, rabies, and others vaccine projects, development of product ladders with clear product substructures, varieties, active deployment of companies in the field of biopharmaceuticals, to reduce the risk of investment in research and development, the company was established in late 2014 with the controlling shareholder, Jiang In-sheng.
With intellectual investment, the main business is to invest abroad in the form of holding or equity participation, mainly in the R & D, marketing and promotion of biological products of nine companies directly involved in biotechnology and product R & D that do not compete with their existing vaccine operations.
A wide range of products, including pharmaceutical intermediates, biochemical reagents, cellular treatment products, etc. Through intellectual investment, companies are gradually expanding their layout in biopharmaceuticals, following technological developments, introducing innovative technological elements, and upgrading their innovation capabilities and research and development.
Particularly in the field of biopharmaceuticals for therapeutics, companies have helped to build public authorities into large biopharmaceutical enterprises integrated into the country ' s top-class prevention and treatment through intellectual investment in biotechnology and product incubators with promising development prospects, such as oncology, cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, etc.
Figure 36: Smart Investment Inc. Nodules: Comprehensive layout of tuberculosis products, double-pound varieties of ec reagents + cow branch bacterium vaccine Tuberculosis caused by the infection of mtb (mycobacteriumtuberculosis, tuberculosis branch bacterium)
Chronic infectious diseases, which pose a serious threat to human health, are among the 10 leading causes of death worldwide. According to the WHO Global Tuberculosis Report 2019, in 2018 there were an estimated 10 million new cases of tuberculosis, with an average tuberculosis incidence of 130/10 million, and tuberculosis deaths worldwide in 2018.
China is one of the countries with a high burden of tuberculosis, and there is a long way to go to end it. According to WHO, the number of tuberculosis cases in China in 2018 was 866,000, ranking among the 30 countries with a high burden of tuberculosis.
Second, the incidence rate is approximately 61 per 100,000, or 8.7 per cent of global cases, and is the second highest in the world, with 37,000 tuberculosis-related deaths and 2.6 per 100,000 deaths. Effective identification of tuberculosis and ltbi (latenttuberculosinfection, latent co-infection)
The 2000 National Tuberculosis Epidemiology Survey tested 66,456 people on a tst basis, with an average diameter of 10 mm compared to 28.3%, according to an international diagnostic standard of 10mm and ra positive.
It is estimated that there are some 360 million people living with tuberculosis in the country, and in 2019 the National Commission on Health and Welfare, together with seven other departments, developed a plan of action to combat tuberculosis (2019-2022), which identifies the problem of the still serious tuberculosis epidemic in the country, and refers to it.
In 2022, the national tuberculosis rate was reduced to less than 55 per 100,000, the mortality rate was maintained at a low level in eight ministries to promote universal tuberculosis control and health, improve the quality of tuberculosis diagnosis and treatment services, intensify tuberculosis control among priority population groups, combat tuberculosis in priority areas and combat drug-resistant tuberculosis in priority areas.
In the context of the initiative to improve the quality of services for tuberculosis diagnosis and treatment, it is stated that the maximum detection of patients is required for screening and detection techniques for tuberculosis.
Figure 37: Proportion of tuberculosis cases in high-burden countries worldwide, 2019
(esat-6) and cultures leachate 10 (cfp-10), which have been marketed; cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) which has been declared produced; and three products under study, including carburetine pure protein derivatives (bcg-ppd), frozen recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02), and intra-skine use BCG.
ec will form the company's tuberculosis “diagnosis, prevention, treatment of products such as microcards already listed by the company, developed nodule fungus pure protein derivatives (bcg-ppd), cow branch bacterium vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis), adult BCG, frozen dry weight group tuberculosis vaccine aec (bc02)
Currently, BCG is the only anti-tuberculosis vaccine that has been approved for use, with shorter protection periods, ineffective replants and latent infections.
The company’s cow sub-bacterium vaccine is expected to be the first vaccine against latent tuberculosis infections. The current mainstream method of screening for latent bacillus infections is tst (tubercurinskintest).
The main, but insufficient, combinations of nodule fungus skin test and igra (sinterferon-garyaseassay, gamma-compression analysis techniques).tst may lead to false positive results and is therefore not considered suitable for use in tuberculosis infections.
Continuous monitoring. The tst skin test commonly responds to the pdd (purified protein derivative, pure protein derivative), a common method used to detect the victim ' s infection with bacterium tuberculosis. As pd has more than 200 antigen components, it is split with BCG and non-tuberculosis.
Gillium has a large or similar antigen composition, and tst is more likely to be pseudo-positive. igra is very strong, but the tests require specific conditions and are expensive, making it difficult to achieve mass screening. igra uses t-spot.tb tests, and test monitoring uses t-spot.tb proteins.
All BCG strains do not contain these three proteins and therefore have good detection properties; but the test is an in vitro immunisation diagnostic test, which requires the collection of extravagance blood to be tested on a specific laboratory device.
Therefore, there is a need for laboratory conditions to be supported, high flux testing is limited, large scale screening at the grass-roots level is difficult, and high prices limit their use.
The results are highly consistent. The product is on the market, resolving the problem of a 100-year-old nodule bacterium product (ppd, etc.) unable to identify BCG vaccinations and tuberculosis infections, and is used for internal diagnostics for clinically assisted diagnosis of tuberculosis and tuberculosis. The testing costs are low, and the price is low.
It's high, and it can be used for large-scale screening. The potential market is huge. According to Pharmacy Network data, we take the ec diagnostic reagents at a price of $198 per dose for the 0.3ml/bottle specification in Guangxi Province, taking a single measure of 0.1ml, assuming our country.
We expect a potential storage space for ec diagnostic reagents at more than 15 million doses per year due to student enrolment and employee entry agent screening requirements, which have varied according to the Expert Consensus on the Reorganization of the Clinical Application of Pulse (ec) Integration of Nodules.
In the sensitivity tests for the three detection methods ec, t-spot.tb, tb-ppd, the results showed that ec, t-spot.tb were largely unaffected by BCG vaccinations; tb-ppd had a high rate of positive transition after BCG, and had a speciality in the detection of tuberculosis infections, but could be used for detection.
The results of the BCG vaccination were measured. 479 non-infected TB branch bacterium persons were found to have a high rate of two negative tests (88.20% and 93.17%) with ec and t-spot.tb: BCG was vaccinated against the test.
(b) In clinical studies of 394 clinically diagnosed patients with non-tuberculosis diseases, ec was found to have a high degree of negative consistency with t-spot.tb and to be more consistent (87.21 per cent).
ec is used for ancillary diagnosis of tuberculosis and lung nodules.
Figure 42: The clinical significance of using the ec test separately ec and ppd, which can be used to distinguish the infection status of the population based on skin test results, solves the problem of the inability to distinguish between positiveness when the pd is positive, whether it is inoculated with BCG or infected with bacterium tuberculosis.
▪ The company ' s autonomous product recombinant nodule Bacillus integration protein (ec) was registered for medicines on April 28, 2020, based on the company ' s disclosure of information exchange among investors, and immediately launched a bidding campaign to intercept the 13 provincial units currently in Sichuan, Hunan, Guangxi, Zhejiang, Anhui, Chongqing, etc.
The number of people who are infected with tuberculosis will progress to tuberculosis under certain conditions, and this is one of the main sources of tuberculosis.
Vaccinations for tuberculosis-infected populations in bed trials, which are currently being verified on site for production, are in the process of being approved for professional review by the drug review centre. If the future cow branch bacterium vaccine (for tuberculosis-infected populations) is approved for immunization prevention for tuberculosis-infested populations, it will have the effect of controlling tuberculosis.
Significant, but at the same time, the market space can be further expanded and corporate profitability enhanced. For example, when the cow branch bacterium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) is successfully approved in the future, it is estimated that 360 million people in our country are living with nuclear latent infections, if combined with ec reagent screening, 1% of the above-mentioned population will be reached.
Inoculation of the cow stubble vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis), which corresponds to the size of the prevention market, is a combination of the cow stubble vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis) and the ec reagent, which is of great importance in the construction of the screening and prevention system for the country's population infected with latent tuberculosis.
The clinical study on recombinant tuberculosis aec (bc02) vaccine for the prevention of second-generation latent tuberculosis infections provides important information and lessons.  Three products are under development, and the company's tuberculosis “monitoring, diagnosis, immunization” layout is expected to be progressively improved
The casket pure protein derivative (bcg-ppd) is a brand-new process product developed by the company. The product is expected to be used in conjunction with the nodule fungus skin test (tst) and can be used for supplementary diagnosis of tuberculosis, an epidemiological survey of tuberculosis and a post-vaccine immune response to BCG (bcg)
On 28 December 2018, the product was notified by the National Drug Control Service of a clinical test. As of 22 October 2020, the bcg-ppd clinical trial was launched simultaneously at the Vuhan City Infectious Diseases Hospital and the Ningang City Disease Prevention and Control Centre in Sichuan Province.
A preliminary evaluation of the safety of the single dose of bcg-ppd test drug; Intra-injection BCG (bcg) is a completely new process and formula developed by the company. The product is expected to be used as a vaccine against tuberculosis for the tst-tested negative population over six years of age.
On July 6, 2018, the product was published by the National Institute of Drug Control and Monitoring (DNM) in its " Clinical Trials for Drugs " . By October 22, 2020, bcg ' s clinical trials were initiated at the Centre for Disease Prevention and Control in Niejiang City, Sichuan Province, to evaluate the safety and durability of the product.
The recombinant recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02) is being developed and many of the future company ' s combined vaccine products can be used in conjunction with ec to achieve precision immunization prevention.
Meningoccalmeningitis (meningoccalmeningitis, cerebral cerebral) is an acute abstinence meningitis induced by meningocococcus. According to the epidemiological characteristics of the cerebral brain and the results of the bacterium distribution study, infants under 2 years of age are at high risk of encephalitis and seroprevalence levels vary around the world.
There are differences between the regions, and China’s serobic populations exhibit a, c, y, w, etc. The currently recommended four-priced cerebral multi-sugar vaccine is the preferred type that has not yet been introduced in the country.
The multi-sugar combination vaccine (mpcv) is dominated by mpv in our country and developed countries by mpcv; the previously marketed vaccines for meningococcal encephalitis include a cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral combination vaccine, ac multi-sugar combination vaccine and acyw over 135 sugar vaccine.
There are currently the largest batches of ac brain multiple sugar issuances and the future multi-priced brain vaccine. A total of 5.92 million batches were issued in 2019 (excluding the four cerebral vaccines for the ac-hib triple; a group, ac brain multiple vaccine, is one type of vaccine, and in 2008 the country included ac multi-sugar vaccine.
Immunisation programme, with a high rate of vaccination for the most widespread use of cerebral vaccines in the country, with 4,39.2 million doses issued in 2019, or 74 per cent of all cerebral vaccines; ac multi-sugar combined vaccines increased to ac-sugar vaccines with protein carriers, resulting in better immune responses and immunization for infants under 2 years of age
Memory, Increased Immunization of Vaccines, ac multi-sugar combination vaccines, 7.91 million batches in 2019, or 13 per cent; and acyw 135 multi-sugar vaccines, owing to the wide coverage of pathogens, accumulated 8.26 million batches since 2020, with only 3.38 million (or 6 per cent) growing faster during the same period last year.
The company is one of the more sophisticated types of cerebral vaccine products. The company’s cerebral vaccine is being carried out by a fully-funded, smart and green bamboo, now cumulatively registered for six bacterial vaccine productions, and is currently being sold in three types, including acyw 135, ac-combined vaccines and hib vaccines.
Ac-hib, the exclusive species of the wise-flying creature, is rapidly released and the dry agent model is new. The ac-hib triple seedlings have the advantage of less inoculation, with 4.28 million copies issued in 2019 and re-registered at the beginning of the year, and the company is actively rolling out the frozen ac group meningitis (combined)
Multipolar vaccines can have fewer vaccinations to prevent multiple diseases, and are expected to gradually replace single seedlings in the future. And multi-priced flu vaccines can cover more meningocococcal serum, which is currently at the company’s disposal.
And Watson, Concino, Contaire and Lanzhou are all developing acyw 135 multi-sugar combination vaccine, while Roja and Djuolin are catching up at the ac-hib plate.
In 2019, the state issued 59% and the wise-flying mackerel 49%; ac brain glucose combined vaccine is now largely stable.
Early, with a pre-emptive advantage of 77 per cent in 2019 and 15 per cent in 2019; figure 50: 4-priced influenza vaccine issued in combination with haemophilus influenzae type b; rapid domestic release in recent years; wide market space
Influenza virus attacks the respiratory system of the human body, causing serious and life-threatening complications such as viral pneumonia, followed-up bacterial pneumonia, acute respiratory distress syndrome, shock, and amplified intravascular condensation. According to WHO, as many as 650,000 people die of influenza every year worldwide; every year the world makes a difference.
The annual human influenza prevalence rate can be 5-10%, with children up to 20%.  According to the United States cdc, the United States influenza vaccination rate was close to 50 per 1,000 in 2019-2020, with the highest rate of vaccination for children aged 6 months to 4 years, with 75.5% penetration, followed by 65 weeks
In the case of older persons, the penetration rate is 69.8%; in the case of adults, 48.4%; in the case of children, 64%; in the case of children, we believe that in the current environment, mass influenza vaccination is expected to increase further.
In 2019, a total of 3,078,000 doses of influenza vaccine were issued, and the current rate of influenza vaccine penetration in the country is less than 3 per cent: there has been a marked increase in popular influenza vaccination awareness since 2020, with a strong demand for vaccination, and as of October, 50 million doses have been issued, well over 2019 year-round.
In the past, the domestic influenza vaccine was dominated by the influenza virus fission vaccine, which is a long-term development. By the composition of the vaccine, the influenza vaccine is divided into a (h1n1) and a (h3n2) and a (b) via two strains of virtoria.
Four-priced influenza vaccine can also prevent yamaqata at the same time. The market share of four-price influenza vaccine continues to rise, and we expect a four-price influenza vaccine to be issued in 2020 in excess of the influenza virus fission vaccine.
(b) In 2019, our influenza vaccine was issued for a total of 3.07 million doses, of which 9.71 million (32 per cent of annual influenza vaccine issuances) were issued; as of October 2020, four were issued for influenza.
The bulk issuance of influenza vaccine rose to 2,136 million, from 32 per cent in 2019 to 52 per cent, the third-priced influenza vaccine, from 68 per cent in 2019 to 48 per cent in 1980, and the fourth-priced dose of influenza virus fission vaccine has exceeded that of influenza virus.
In recent years, WHO has focused on a four-priced influenza vaccine. There are currently four-priced flu vaccines in the country: Walan, Jiangsu Jindik, Quixin, Changchun, and we believe that the future four-priced influenza vaccine will be issued in the country.
The size of the market is expected to increase further. There are four-priced influenza vaccines in various manufacturers, including the WikiLeaks, the Shenzhen Seinofi, the Jiangsu-King-tung, and the Yalit-Paks. The four-priced flu vaccine in Chi Fei-Koma was in 2019.
When the 4-priced influenza vaccine of Chi Fei Bian is on the market, the market space is considerable. Assuming that the vaccination rate among the population of our influenza will rise to 5% over the next five years, the 4-price influenza vaccine will continue to capture its triple-priced share and infiltrate.
The rate has risen to 70%, and Ji Fei has gained the advantage of a marketing team and channel, with a market share of 20% and a peak of 1.5 billion yuan in the sale of a vaccine for influenza.
rabies are natural or animal-borne infectious diseases caused by rabies. According to the consensus 2019 of experts on the prevention and treatment of rabies exposure, the number of rabies per year has declined by 87 per cent over the last decade or so.
The rabies vaccine can be divided into human-source cell-based rabies vaccine and animal-source cell-based rabies vaccine according to the cell matrix used in the production of rabies vaccine; the main rabies vaccine currently used include the vero cell vaccine based on animal-sourced, cellular renal cells, chicken embryo cells, and human-source-based ecstasy vaccine.
In the 1990s, we introduced the French Basdevero cell rabies vaccine, which was replaced by the current national production and then introduced the chicken embryonic rabies vaccine; in 2014, it was replaced by the Conducer creature of my country.
The auto-researched double rabies vaccine is officially on the market, and the per capita double cytocyte vaccine is better, but it is more difficult and expensive. The vero-cell rabies vaccine is the dominant rabies vaccine in use in the country. The vero-cell rabies epidemic.
The seedlings can be produced on a large scale using bioreactors, which are technologically mature and relatively low-cost. According to the Central Court of Public Prosecutions, in 2017, of the country ' s 20-value vaccine varieties, the frozen man was ranked first in the rabies vaccine (vero cells) at a value of 3,881 million, with bulk issuances in the rabies disease during the same period.
The percentage of batches issued was about 91.64 per cent, in 2018 it was about 88.67 per cent, and in 2019 it was 58: rabies vaccine                                                                                        ,
In recent years, our market for rabies vaccine has been 3-4 billion yuan, based on an average winning price of $50.
Large creatures are the leaders of our rabies vaccine industry, and the Conducers' exclusive species of rabies vaccine have been rapidly released in recent years. The Big Organisms' verocyte rabies vaccine, which is a four-inoculation procedure, has an advantage over the five-infection method, and thus accounts for a larger share of the market for rabies vaccine in our country, which became a big family in 2017.
With 33 per cent, the city's share rose to 69 per cent in 2019, and the leader's position was further consolidated; Conhua bipolar rabies vaccine was the country's first approved double-cell rabies vaccine; 320,000 were issued in the first year of the market in 2014 and 2.38 million were issued by 2019.
There are currently several rabies vaccine varieties in the country, frozen dry from Beijing Minhai Biotech Ltd. People have completed clinical trials with rabies vaccine (twice cell) and rabies vaccine (mrc-5) from rabies vaccine from rabies in Chengdu and rabies vaccine (2bs cell) and rabies vaccine (mrc-5) from people in T-Rongcoma.
In addition to the above-mentioned varieties, the company developed a 15-priced combination of pneumonia vaccine, a double-priced vaccine for soybean dysentery, and a combination of 100-white vaccines.
Pneumonia vaccine: Currently, domestic and foreign vaccines for the prevention of streptocococcal-related diseases are mainly 23 valent pneumococcus multi-sugar vaccine and 13 valent pneumococcal combination vaccine.
The combination of pneumococcus vaccine provides effective protection for infants and young children, and its immunity is more sustainable. Adults and the elderly are vaccinated against pneumococcal combination vaccine, which is also far more effective than multi-sugar vaccine.
The 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine developed by WikiLeaks is a bioprophylaxis for prevention, covering the top 15 serotypes in the Asian region, which are also consistent with the dominant serotype distribution in the country and are used to prevent diseases caused by seropneumococcus.
The 15-priced pneumococcal combination vaccine, developed by WikiLeaks, has completed the preparation of a clinical trial in the haemorrhoid period, and has begun to be integrated into the group. This clinical trial in the hysteria of the vaccine has been designed as a single centre, random, blind method, a comparison of the same type of vaccine, and a non-bad effect test.
On December 29, a ii clinical trial was officially launched in Hebei Province, with two strains of Foy and Songné, the twin-priced vaccine for diarrhea at the Fung and Songné levels, the majority of whom also account for 90 per cent of the total number of cases.
The group is the new generation of cellular perpendicular vaccines. It is a product of one vaccine of one quality, based on a single purified effective body of whooping cough, which replaces the current vaccine of the planned immunovaccine, with a very promising market.
In the case of viral vaccines, the company recombinantly reprogramming the virus vaccine, which is currently not marketed at home and abroad, has also been licensed for clinical research, and the development of the new crown vaccine is progressing well: the recombinant subunit vaccine has been undergoing clinical trials.
▪ As of 22 December, a total of 233 new crown vaccine research and development projects worldwide are well under way, of which 61 have been approved for the clinical trial phase, involving nine major technical platforms, including life-fighting vaccines, life-reduction vaccines, viral sample particle vaccines, subunit vaccines, non-coupled viral vector vaccines, reproducing diseases
The company's clinical trials for the new crown vaccine are moving forward.
The virus vaccine (cho-cell) has acquired key numbers of i-ii safe and immuno-prophylaxis in clinical trials, which, according to the results, are good in terms of safety and immuno-prophylaxis among the population who are in line with the clinical trial programme.
▪ With regard to safety, I recruited 50 subjects, divided into 25 μg groups, 50 μg groups and placebos, with three doses per group; during the period 900 were recruited, and three additional groups were added to the first group, with two doses of the same. In terms of safety, most of the adverse effects were higher.
Slightly, and completely eliminated over time. No serious adverse events occurred in the first or second phase. In terms of effectiveness, one (a-d) and two (e-h) of the three measures of effectiveness, namely, serotransformation rates, geometric mean and moderate and antibody drips, the effectiveness of the first (e-h) tests increased with the number of days and was the most significant
High levels remain stable. All of the subjects tested in the first phase detected medium and antibodies (gmt) and in the second period 97% (25 μg) and 93% (50 μg) of the two different dose groups detected medium and antibodies. The levels of gmt exceeded the levels of recovered patients in both phases.
The 50-μg group showed little difference in performance, the effectiveness of zf 2001 showed no dose dependency, and it is expected that the three-stage test will use 25 μg. Figure 65: Data on the effectiveness of the company ' s new crown vaccine 1, the  clinical trial
According to the Hunan Province CDS, on 18 November, the iii phase of the international multi-centre iii clinical trial was officially launched as the country ' s first recombinant sub-plane for the initiation of the iii phase of the clinical trial. The water pin agent ac-hib vaccine was fully digested in 2020 and the frozen dryer ac-hib vaccine was fully engineered.
The share of income from proxy products has continued to grow, and the penetration of the Hpv and rv vaccines has continued to increase.  We have chosen a relative valuation method to value companies and to select innovative vaccines with the industry ' s Conte organisms, Volvos, etc.
In recent years, there has been a change in cooperation with Mossatung, considering the company's role as industry leader, nodule control products in the harvest period, and the continued spread of proxy products, as well as the strength of marketing.
The company has a good long-term relationship with Mercado, which was successfully renewed in December 2020. If the related cooperation changes in the future, it may have an impact on the company’s income and profits.
(a) The approval of the same species and the increased risk of competition in the vaccine market: now that some of the vaccine varieties of companies are listed in the country for sale or study of the same type of product, competition may become more intense in the future;
(b) The risk of central fluctuations in the valuation of the vaccine industry;
(a) The risk of accidents in the quality of the vaccine industry;
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment