The HMG flag ship, the stock-loader, focuses on the power of fire, and participates in the new energy business through the HEU. The company is Liu Xiaoning on the HMG flagship.
The city platform, as of the end of December 2023, had a holding unit of 5,845,000 kW, of which 4,689 kW of coal power, 990,000 kW of gas power, 2.46 kW of hydropower, and the only one of the five major power-generating groups with traditional power sources. By the end of 2022, the company was involved in the new energy business by participating in the new energy business, with a current share of 31.03%.
The company’s history of development has given the company a profound “sandon branding” and is still over 40% installed. Compared to the other platforms of the five major power-generating groups, the company, while also a national electric pole, has a very high concentration of the controllers and has a close historical relationship with the company’s development.
Liu Xiaoning Shandong is still the most important business area for the company, with 43.65 per cent installed; Hubei became the second largest business area for the company at $1350523120003.
The power ratio reached 15.38%; the central provinces of Anhui, Hunan, and Henan together accounted for 25%; the new power source expanded rapidly, with its performance in 2023 surpassing that of dragon power and tri-jord energy; and the coal mine company was involved in several coal mining companies, and the returns of the coal mine investment matched the company ' s coal power business with its net profits of 90.3 million yuan in 2022-2023 and 10.11 billion yuan in 2022-2023, respectively.
In 2023, the company could account for investment gains of up to $3 billion in equity terms, based on a 31.03% shareholding. In addition to electricity assets, the company is involved in a number of coal enterprises with a power gain capacity of more than 12 million tonnes/year.
Investment earnings continue to contribute to major performances, with the profitability of the holding assets gradually rising. Starting with the divestiture of new energy assets in 2021, a surge in global primary energy prices under the then bicarbon strategy, continued losses in corporate holding assets (coal power) and investment returns (new energy + coal mines) contributed major performances. But after 2023, the premium prices rose and coal prices fell, and the company held assets were reversed.
The company achieved a net return profit of $4,522 million throughout 2023, thus calculating the balance of the four quarters’ basic gains and losses, mainly in relation to the loss of impairment on coal-fired power assets. From an investment perspective, coal power has always had two main lines of coal and electricity prices, and it is a coal-power company with a “pure” capacity.
At this point, the focus of market games has shifted to coal prices, as a large number of provinces have already set electricity prices in 2024. Based on the company’s annual 200 billion kilowatt-hour level of coal power generation, the price of coal per 100-ton cut in the major calories has increased the net profit of mothers by $5,068 million.
If coal prices fall in 2024, companies are expected to release more profitable elasticities, and potential alpha sex opportunities depend on the evolution of supply and demand patterns in Shandong and Hubei. In the long run, corporate investment opportunities are still shifting from a coal-fired business model, with new energy sources rapidly developing in Shandong, creating new demands for coal-power positioning.
The transition to a regulated power source, if future fuel costs are better passed, and capacity prices take on the bulk of coal revenues, will lead to a significant increase in corporate performance stability, and the weakening of cyclical attributes is expected to reduce the discount rate of future corporate cash flows, thereby raising valuation levels. The role shift needs to be supported by a bottom-tier system, with a new national matrix for power transformation now in place, paying close attention to policy landings.
\triangleright The HMG Fire Power Platform, one of the major power generation groups, is expected to benefit in depth from the coal power mechanism, covering it for the first time, with an “enhancement” rating. 12, 11 times as much as the HMG Fire Power Platform, one of the five major power generation groups, is expected to benefit in depth from the coal power plant.
From an investment perspective, coal panels always have two main cabling lines: coal and electricity, the company, as the annual Chinese electricity company, has set the price of electricity, and the focus of market games has shifted again to coal prices, benefiting from the lower coal electricity profit base in 2023, and the company is expected to release a larger profit elasticity if coal prices fall in 2024.
But in the long run, we analyse that the company’s greater opportunity lies in a shift in coal positioning, where capacity prices change the business model. As a nation-wide power tap, the company is expected to continue to benefit from a smooth coal-fired system.
1. The HMG flagship platform, with supply and demand patterns north of Lake Shandong, points to the HMG flagship platform, which focuses on the power of fire, and engages in new energy operations through participation in the HSG New Energy. The HSG is a HSG flagship platform, which, as of the end of December 2023, had a holding unit of 5,845 million kW, which is owned by the company.
Sino-Chinese coal power, gas power, 990,000 kilowatts, electricity and electricity, which is the only major platform of the five major power-generating groups – a company with traditional power sources – was 4.89 million kilowatts.
The company’s history of development has been a profound “sandon branding” of the company, which currently accounts for more than 40% of the installed aircraft. Compared to the other platforms of the five major power-generating groups, the company is also a national electric pole, but its distribution is extremely high.
The company, formerly Shandong International Power Development Co. Ltd., established in 1994, changed its name to HCI in 2003 after equity consolidation, resulting in Shandong remaining the company’s leading area of operation today, with a coal-loading ratio of 43.65 per cent.
In addition, since 2015, HEC has been injecting the company ' s total of 10.1 million kilowatts of electric power into the Hubei and Hunan regions, making it the second largest business area of the company, with 15.38 per cent of coal power installed. The ratio between Shandong and North is close to 60 per cent; the ratio is 25 per cent in the three central provinces of Anhui, Hunan and Henan.
Corporate gas power is concentrated in three developed regions, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle and Kyoto, with the Zhejiang ratio reaching 45.3 per cent, with Zhejiang being the main distribution area, with 45.3 per cent installed; Guangdong is ranked second, with 19.25 per cent; and Tianjin and Hebei together are close to 20 per cent.
Figure 2: Distribution of coal installed capacity by company at the end of 2023 Figure 3: Distribution of gas installed capacity by company at the end of 2023
The Division previously held a stake in the development of a new energy business, and in 2021 the Group revised its strategic objectives and consolidated its assets within the Group, injecting some of its new energy assets into new energy sources and creating new energy integration platforms for the Group. The merger was followed by the company’s first ownership of 37.19% of the new capital stock, which was diluted by the introduction of strategic investors.
Since then, the share of company holdings has fallen to 31.03%, with HNP achieving net profits of 90.3 million yuan in 2022 and 10.11 billion yuan in 2023, respectively, and accounting for investment returns of up to 3 billion yuan in 2023.
Investment returns continue to contribute to major performances, with the profitability of the holding assets gradually rising. Starting with the stripping of the new energy assets in 2021, the global primary energy price surged under the then two-carbon strategy, the company held assets (coal power) continued to lose, and the return on investment (new energy + coal mine) contributed the main performance. But after 2023, the top prices of the benefits rose, and coal rose.
Charcoal prices are falling, corporate holdings are losing, and the earnings of the first three quarters are rising on a quarterly basis. The company achieved a net return of $4.52 billion for the whole of 2023, with a four-quarter balance of basic gains and losses, mainly with coal power, figure 4: The company’s net return profit has been phased out on a quarterly basis in recent years (billions)
From an investment perspective, coal panels always have two main cabling lines of coal prices and electricity prices, and the company acts as a “better” coal power company with a “principal” footprint, dominated by industry-based betatic opportunities and influenced by supply and demand patterns in Shandong and North Lakes.
We analyze the strong demand for electricity across society since 2023, the fall in coal prices, mainly as a result of the continued high growth in our manufacturing sector and the fall in demand for real estate-related industries. From the point of view of energy demand, the most important way of manufacturing is electricity, which accounts for about 60% of electricity; by contrast, the real estate chain, such as steel, cement, glass, etc., tends to be straight.
The use of primary energy sources, such as coal, has had less effect on electricity demand than on coal. Thus, since 2023, the country has experienced a strong demand for electricity and a persistent fall in coal prices, which have led to a continuing increase in the price gap for coal fires, against the backdrop of continued high growth in manufacturing and a fall in real estate-related industries.
In terms of the pace of investment, the coal plate tends to have “coal in the first half of the year, in the second half of the year.” At this point, the focus of the market game has shifted again, as a large number of provinces have already set the price of electricity in 2024.
Coal prices. Based on the company’s annual power generation of 200 billion kilowatt-hours of coal, the price of 5,500 kilocalories of coal per 100-year decline in the price of coal is expected to release more profitable elasticity. Mother’s net profit increases = 200 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generation * lower coal prices of 295 g/kWh of coal generated * 5,500 kilowatt-hours of coal.
In the long run, corporate-level investment opportunities are still shifting from a business model of coal power, with the rapid development of new energy sources in Shandong setting new requirements for coal power positioning. Under the new power system, with the rapid development of new energy sources, especially Shandong, the country is leading the transition from basic to regulated power sources, and the role shift requires bottom-level institutional support.
In November 2023, the National Energy Agency issued a Circular on the Establishment of a Coal Power Power Price Mechanism, declaring that the long-awaited market-based Coal Power Capacity Price Mechanism is officially on the ground. The document proposes that the price of the capacity be determined by a percentage of the fixed cost and clearly charged to downstream users. Most provinces compensated 30% of the fixed cost (100 yuan/dwana year) in 2024-2025.
In the case of companies, about 50 million kW of coal power units are charged at the annual compensation rate of $100.00.00 million kW per year. In the context of the construction of new power systems, the introduction of an analysis of capacity prices marks the beginning of a shift in the business model of coal power companies. 30% of the cost of capacity is compensated by the reversal of the current provincial mainstream coal use hours.
While the current level of compensation is still a fundamental factor in the company’s profitability, the policy guidelines have continued to increase after 2026, helping to stabilize the performance of coal power. In the broader context of the energy transition, it is expected that future coal power will be positioned to meet the peak power load of the entire society.
Non-power support leads to a profound change in the business model of coal power. As the system improves, if future fuel costs are better transmitted and capacity prices take on the bulk of coal electricity revenues, corporate performance stability will be significantly enhanced, and cycle weakening is expected to reduce the discount rate of future corporate cash flows, thereby raising valuation levels and paying close attention to policy landings.
The net profits of ordinary shareholders need to be deducted from the company's interest on about $1 billion in long-term debt (estimated). The company, one of the five major power-generating groups, HMG Fire Power, is expected to benefit from the depth of the coal-fired power mechanism, covering it for the first time, with an “enhanced” rating.
Qualitatively, a rise in the price of coal consumes profits; Risk of adjustment of the price of electricity: as a utility company, the price of electricity is more affected by the policy and the price of electricity may be adjusted.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.