Improvements in the pattern of competition for vitamins in health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences, with two-quarter performance expected to continue to be positive: company reports 2019 and one-quarter reports 2020.
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved operating income of 2,622 million yuan, i.e. +42.68 per cent, ring + 41.18 per cent, and net profit of 9001 million yuan, i.e. +76.51 per cent, ring + 94.75 per cent.
Since 2020, the products in question have been repaired and have benefited more from vitamins.
Overall market value/flow (millions of yuan) Improved competitive patterns, leading companies are more willing to raise prices and downstream are relatively insensitive to the price of their products — nutrient plates: the company’s 50,000-ton production line is fully loaded in one phase, full of production
The annual cost decrease is significant and the product competitiveness is effectively enhanced and the loss is reversed. 2nd issue: 100,000 tonnes of Technology (002409) Jacques Production Line, precision quality control, overall project progress is manageable, expected in the first half of 2020
Scientific and technological developments are evaluated: in the field of military light etching, semiconductor is put on a test every year. The nutrition project is successfully completed with a delivery and a one-time drive success.
Biological fermentation project, which was successfully completed and piloted through enhanced project-based management. Jacques Technology (002409), Jacques [Pacific Chemical] 2019, company nutrient plate operating income of $4.7 billion, year 17.95 per cent, Māori rate of 49.13 per cent,
According to Boa and Telecommunications data, the average price of products in the first quarter of 2020 was 367/kg for vitamin a (0.5 million iu/g) and 60/for vitamin e (50%).
1 kg, biogenesis (2%) 257 kg, egg amino acid 21 kg, and pyrelic fragrance plate: company active in new product development and testing, 2019, fragrance new material plate: company pps completed technology extension, implemented through technology adaptation projects and supply
The production costs are effectively controlled by a combination of marketing research and research. pps fibres and twigs have a strategic mix of billions, +68.05% Māori, 21.27% and 5.55 percentage points higher. From a medium-term perspective, there are a large number of new constructions at the company ' s production base, Shandong and Heilongjiang.
The project, which includes new materials, vitamins, fragrances, pine amino acids and biological fermentation products, has diversified product lines and increased risk resistance. The company is being built in late January 2020 and will recreate a new product.
From a long-term perspective, corporate capacity-building is in line with strategic planning and continues to follow an integrated, sequenced, scale-up strategy that captures the direction of chemosynthetic and biological fermentation to achieve technological synergies with key intermediates and market agreements to meet the diverse needs of downstream customers
In the same vein, to increase market share, increase profitability, and achieve long-term growth through the cycle. 3. Profit predictions and ratings are to be found in the immediate areas of nutrition and medicine, such as Zhejiang, Shandong and Heilongjiang Zhenziang.
The base has a large number of investment projects under way, and there is a lot of room for growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.