New Synth (002001) pharmaceutical organisms. Vitamins are back up, company performance is on the rise, and South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WVRDC) is on the rise.
Summary of performance: Corporate business income in 2019 was 7,621 million yuan, corresponding to 12.23 per cent of the year, net profit for mothers 100 million yuan, +42.68 per cent of the year, net profit for mothers 901 million yuan, +76.51 per cent of the year. • Demand was affected by a swine plague in 2019, with a full recovery of the 2020q1 vitamin climate. Vitamin climate in 2019
The fall in heights, combined with the impact of the domestic pigpest on feed demand, has led to a decline in the company's main vitamin varieties, although in recent years the company's operations in spices, pine amino acids, pps have been growing rapidly and the overall resistance to the cycle has been 48.68 per cent Māori, with an increase of 1.42 percentage points in the ring, while the management, R & D and financial costs have increased.
The performance ring fell by 15.81 per cent to $463 million. The global vitamin supply of 2020q1 was strained, with prices of va, ve, vd3, vh, and ecstasy rising. The company ' s performance of q1 increased by 2.32 percentage points, with 51 per cent of the Māori rate, an increase of 4.4 percentage points in the same year.
The company embraces a full-scale vitamin view, and the new project opens up a space for growth. The vitamin climate is back up to 2,000 tons, vd 3 tons, and the price increases for the various varieties have brought considerable elasticity to its performance. At the same time, the company is moving toward a full-scale product, with 30,000 tons of Vc from the Heilong River Phase 1 project being produced, and vb2, vb12 are planned for the future.
The company has a high self-sufficiency rate for the key ingredients of its vitamin varieties, a low risk of material supply, a guaranteed supply, and the company is able to maximize the benefits of the vitamin industry. The Heilongjiang phase is an important entry point for the configuration of the company's bio-ferment products, and the company has accumulated technologies related to fermentation products in the upper base.
In the first half of 2020, 100,000 tons of ecstasy will reach 150,000 tons, as more than 80% of the world's overseas production is affected by the epidemic, and the current ecstasy is returning from the bottom of history.
The Yongjiang base is becoming more productive, and the company will be able to grow up in the future, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Vitamin taps embrace the industry.
Not having received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, nor for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report, Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.