Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDES) Corporate performance exceeded expectations, and industry high-profile accelerator companies released 2020q1 performances to companies, of which operating income was 2,620 million, an increase of 42.68 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the mother was 901 million, an increase of 76.51 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s performance of 2020q1 was higher than expected, and the price of the multi-products was better: during the reporting period, the company ' s performance increased significantly, mainly because of the increase in the volume of nutrition, and we analysed the contribution of the price.
More than a larger contribution. Specifically, the domestic market for vags in 2020q1.5 million u/g was averaged at $367.54/kg, a decrease of 1.93 per cent, and the domestic market for vags in 50 per cent of vs. $60.17 ve, biomass, and pyresine contributed to the main growth in performance.
Multi-factor resonance is on the rise, and the nutrient board is expected to continue to improve: since this year, the company's nutrients 2. "The company's performance meets expectations, looks good at the growth of the company.
See, industry supply constraints are expected to continue the gradual recovery of the demand for pig-filled materials, and we think that the nutrient plate 3. "New and productive: growing congenial chemicals " , which began with a gradual build-up of some of the pre-contracts, will increase the profit from the price increase.
The fragrance and new material plate layouts are steadily moving forward, investing more than 10 billion aids in the construction and new upper epoch projects, and the company is going up the long term: the fragrance plate, which will grow in size in the future, is expected to become public as the new production capacity of pps and 9,000 tons/year of pa is released.
In addition, companies are investing more than 10 billion dollars in the construction of the new Upper-Cooper project, with great potential for future growth. We believe that, as the company’s product lines become richer and the industrial chain improves, the cyclical attributes of the division will weaken and the future will hopefully become an integrated solution.
The company is one of the cutting edges of the chemical industry, with a strong market position and pricing power for many products, and we have an analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, and then an average of the final ratings is calculated as an average market investment.