New Sum (002001) Pharmacy Organisms performed over a quarter with vitamin taps hugging industry scenes, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center
• Events: The company announced a 20q1 performance forecast, with a projected net profit of $868 - 970 million for the mother, which is increasing the price of vitamins and the company's performance is higher than expected. In the context of the epidemic, q1 domestic vitamins are being delayed, demand for overseas procurement is increasing, company products are rising, and the average value of va is $359 in the first quarter of 2020
The average price of vd3 is 120 yuan/kg (yoy-60%), the average price of ecstasy is 20.6 million yuan/tonne (yoy+15%), the price of va, ve, vd3, vh and the price of ecstasy has increased by 12%, 30%, 4%, 158%, 7% respectively. In the same period, companies have been able to overcome delays in re-engineering and logistical obstacles, and sales have been on the rise.
New production lines are also more cost-competitive. Because orders lag, companies’ performance does not adequately reflect price increases for their products, especially for the larger varieties that started to increase prices in March, such as va, given the worsening of the overseas epidemic, the increased uncertainty about global vitamin supply and the relative rigidity of downstream demand, the logic of vitamin price increases will be maintained.
• In terms of 20q1 performance, the Shandong base is less affected by the epidemic, and production of ves, spices, ecstasy, etc. is normal, unlike the 19q1 downstream demand, which is plagued by pigpest, and the 20q1 overseas client demand increases.
In terms of prices, bio-septic enzyme q10 has started to increase prices at 19q4, in February ve has started to increase prices rapidly, and in March va, pine amino acid, vd3 has risen more markedly, so that the 20q1 increases in prices have resulted in performance growth mainly from biosin, auxiliary enzyme q10, ve, va, va, va, va, va, va, va, va, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u, u.
In terms of costs, oil prices have fallen sharply, upstream chemical feedstock costs have fallen, companies have embraced the full scale of vitamins. Vitamin demand is rigid, supply is uncertain, supplies are stacked up, concentration is high, downstream costs are low, and vitamins are running a sustainable round of price hikes, and the Ministry of Agriculture is looking for a way of doing things.
At the same time, the company is moving toward full-blown elasticity, enriched with vitamin varieties, and the first phase of the Heilongjiang project, in which 30,000 tons vc have been piloted, is also planned for the future.
The high self-sufficiency rate of the key raw materials for vitamin varieties, the low risk of material supply, the guaranteed supply of company production, and the “integrated production + new capacity release” enabled companies to maximize the benefits of the vitamin industry, with specific reference to the varieties, the high barriers to entry, the excellent pattern of competition in the industry, due to the fact that Basfe supply capacity is not yet available.
Restoring to normal levels, the supply of va and raw lemon formaldehyde was tight and prices remained high, with a current offer of $535/kg compared to +74 per cent; the market stock was low, the source of goods was tight, the overseas epidemic worsened, there was greater uncertainty about the supply of ve and raw materials, and in 2019, dsm integrated special technologies and modified its installations were projected for 2020.
Regeneration at the end of the year, due to years of oscillation at the bottom of the price of the item, optimized competitive patterns of industrial integration, superpositioning the epidemic 1. New and emerging (002001): performance met expectations, life-sustaining emergencies contributed to accelerated upturning of the item, with a current offer of $75/kg compared to 84 per cent; vd3 stock compared to 84 per cent.
Low temperature (2020-02-28) and tight market supply and supply of raw materials affected by the overseas epidemic, currently quoted at $429/kg compared to +45 per cent; global production of ecstasy accounted for more than 80 per cent, which was tightened with the worsening supply of the overseas epidemic
The four-quarter period of upturn (2019-10-24) has been down for five years and, as the pace of overall industrial expansion has slowed, the competitive patterns of the sector have improved marginally, folding new and productive (002001): performance in the first half of the year is in line with expectations.
Added to the outbreak factor, Protein Acid profits are on the rise with a current offer of $27.3/kg, +57 per cent; v Industry integration is expected (2019-08-22) Biofuels, Hecaino, etc., are unable to start work and market supply and demand gaps, currently $295/kg, compared with the current offer
The new project will contribute to an increase in performance during the year. The company's first phase of the Heilongjiang project was launched, with an additional 30,000 tons of production capacity in vc, an increase in the production capacity of the auxiliary enzyme q10 to 500 tons. The Heilongjiang base is an important entry point in the layout of the company's biological fermentation products.
Material resources can create a cost advantage for the industry. 100,000 tons of ecstasy will be ready for production in the first half of 2020, when total capacity will rise to 150,000 tons, as more than 80% of the world ' s overseas capacity is affected by the epidemic, and the current ecstasy landscape is moving from the bottom of history, with prices rising from 198,000 yuan/tonne at the beginning of the year to the latest 2.73 tons.
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Given the dramatic increase in the vitamin climate, we have raised the profit forecast to a modest increase of 1,000 tons each per year, assuming that 2:2020 va and ve sales are on average;
Assumption 3: successful commissioning of the ecstasy, Heilongjiang base in 2020, progressive release of capacity, expected completion in 2022, yielding 150,000 tons of ecstasy and vc 30,000 tons of ecstasy.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.