New Union (002001.sz) Industry recovery and the return of the Vitamin King.
:: Significant growth in corporate performance during the reporting period, mainly from vitamina, vitamine and bio-ingenesis products during the reporting period
Practice number: s0300518800002 has risen. The vitamin industry has been recovering steadily since last quarter, as a result of continued improvements in supply and demand patterns, and production prices have continued to rise: the average cost of vitamin aq1 is $367.5/kg, corresponding to 1.93%, the ring +15.07%, and vitamins.
Figure 1: Trends in the prices of national production of vitamina
Our pre-point assessment report, Continuing supply constraints and a good opportunity to reset vitamin plates, emphasizes that this cycle of survival benefits from improved supply and demand structures, product prices are expected to continue to rise, and industry is expected to recover. On the one hand, Germany is experiencing force majeure, and the supply of inter-vessels continues to be strained, resulting in a reduction of production by about 25% in dsm every quarter, and there are some.
This could continue to affect the second quarter; while the recent outbreak in Europe has further increased supply tensions, with Germany, Switzerland, etc. initiating the highest-level controls, causing the production of va and raw materials to continue to decline and prices to rise. The latest offer of va has reached $550 per kilogram, ve80 per kilogram. On the other hand, pig supplementation has increased vitamin demand, and is now fully operational.
This year Central Document 1 makes it clear that the survival of pigs is a major economic priority, and that comprehensive measures will be taken to ensure that the production capacity of pigs by 2020 is largely restored to near normal year levels. Vitamins are mainly downstream for feed, and are expected to benefit directly from feed from the production of pig supplements.
Keep an eye on the ongoing fermentation of this round of vitamins, the return of the company's leader, who for the first time covers the "buy-in" rating of the country's vitamina, e-head, which is currently driven by supply constraints and the need for fresh feed to feed by pig supplementation, the expectation of price increases for products such as vitamins and biomass, and the prospect of higher prices for the company's products.
Xu Jialine, the author of the Institute's sales team, has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.