A significant increase in vitamin prices contributed to a quarter's higher performance - a quarterly performance forecast for new and final (002001.sz) to evaluate pharmaceutical biology/chemistry for the first quarter of 2020, resulting in a net return profit of 868 million to 970 million during the reporting period
The company’s main vitamin varieties include:
Vitamins a, vitamine e, and biomass, etc., 2020q1 national vitamin a (50 million u/g), subsistence e (50 per cent), 2 per cent of the average market price of the biobiotics 359 yuan, 59 yuan and 245 yuan/kq respectively, increased concentration in the vitamine sector after the same combination, resulting in a failure of the C.C.C. device at the end of 2019.
Businesses such as dsm, which reduced vitamine production and were affected by the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in early 2020, are concerned about the impact of the overseas supply of vitamins, while feeders and distributors have low stock levels and need to replenish stocks, leading to a significant increase in vitamin prices and higher sales of corporate products.
The company’s vitamin business is a global leader, and there is much room for substitution for the import of pine amino acid. The technical barriers to the vitamin industry are high, most varieties are oligopolistic, companies rely on their own technology to break through and enrich vitamin varieties.
The company also has a high annual import dependence of 67.6%, a current capacity of 50,000 tonnes/year, and a 2-and-a-half million tonnes/year. The ammonium acid project is progressing steadily and is expected to break the country's heavy dependence on imports, with the Ministry of Commerce.
The landing of anti-dumping investigations into imported ecstasy also helped to boost the confidence of domestic producers of ecstasy. The fragrance and new materials business has developed rapidly, and new projects have opened up room for growth. The fragrance business has become another pillar of the company’s industry, and its performance has increased as new products have been brought on the market;
Focus on building new material plates with existing polybrominated ethers pps and high-temperature nylonppa producing capacity of 15,000 tonnes and 1,000 tonnes/year, while building complex pps projects in partnership with Tesman, gradually entering the harvest period. The company’s new projects are moving forward, with the production of 20,000 tonnes/year nutrition projects in Shandong and the fermentation of life in Heilongjiang.
In addition to the piloting of the first project and the intensive construction of the EPP project, the company ' s existing epoch planning project, New and Integrated Corporate In-depth Study: Quality Fineness Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposals: The company is the lead industry in the country in high quality fine chemicals, nutrients are up to date, new
Project 2020-03-09 opens up the future of growth. We maintain the previous profit forecast, which will be adjusted as the annual report is updated, and will not be associated with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.