High growth in the performance of kings of fine and fine chemical industries with high vitamin volumes (002001.sz) and a sharp increase in the price of conflicting vitamins for supply and demand, it is recommended that close attention be paid to the start of installations at home and abroad.
Since the beginning of 2020, the continued spread of the Ncp epidemic has affected the production and start-up of vitamin producers worldwide, with national prices ranging from 431.97, 67.39, 264.03, 21.90/kg from 2019 H1 + 16.5 per cent, +53.7 per cent, +379.1 per cent and +21.6 per cent, respectively, from the beginning of the year to 22 June.
At this point, overseas epidemics, international foreign trade are uncertain, and the market is rife with wait and see. On the other hand, as reported by Vitamin Public today, Basf has now limited supply to large global customers, and is expected to reach 2020.
The supply gap for h2 global va products will widen further, while some manufacturers will be undertaking long-term shutdowns in the summer of 2020. According to the Treasure Information Study, Zhejiang medicine has now stopped va offers, and the Basfde National Plant has stopped receiving bills for three quarters. We suggest closely following the start/repair of installations inside and outside the country.
• The “Growing + Innovation + Integration” platform has significant advantages, with companies growing with sufficient and overwhelming power.
Project on the replacement of new and old production capacity in Shandong/Zejiangve continues; 50,000 tons of acid is fully produced and the new 100,000 tons of solid eggs are expected to come into production in the second half of the year; the Heilongjiang fermentation base has been piloted and the company has enriched the water.
Soluble vitamin varieties. The pre-intension intensive construction project is on its way to landing, and we continue to appreciate the company’s presence and strength in terms of raw materials, technology, markets and industrial processes, as well as the company’s future dynamic development.