High-profile vitamin operations contributed to higher-than-expected performance - new and final (002001.sz) semi-annual performance forecast for pharmaceuticals biological/chemicals
The company’s performance increased significantly in the first half of the year, mainly because of the sale of products such as vitamina, vitamine, and biomass, and the price of sales and sales increased in comparison to the same period in the previous year. The volume of vitamin operations increased in the first half of the year, which contributed to a significant increase in the company’s performance.
Innerva (500,000 iu/g), ve (50%), 2% bio-based market prices were $424, 66 and 258/kg respectively, an increase of 14%, 53.7% and 370%, respectively, respectively.
ve Businesses have reduced production and market supplies, while the world has experienced a new coronary pneumonia epidemic since the beginning of 2020, with cities concerned about the impact of overseas vitamin supplies, low stock of feeders and distributors, and low downstream demand, which has led to a sharp increase in vitamin prices and higher sales of corporate products.
The increase in the market price of vitamins in the second quarter was marked, but prices have declined in the near future. In the second quarter, the epidemic was severe, with some plant supplies falling and vitamin prices rising further. From April 2020 to date, the market price has fallen slightly, and there has been an improvement in competition patterns and product prices in the medium and long term.
The hub is expected to remain at a better level. The market in va continued to fall after mid-April due to the availability of the front-end market, the quality of the Basf German va1 million u and vad3 (low stability) led to the suspension of existing orders, the suspension of three-quarter orders, the suspension of Zhejiang medicine from 10 June, dsm
The company’s new project is progressing well, and there is wide scope for future development. Currently, the company’s first phase of nutritional production is well under way, and the first phase of biological fermentation in the Heilongjiang is expected to be officially launched in the second half of the year, with 250,000 tons/year of ecstasy.
Steady progress, of which 100,000 tonnes/year capacity has been built to test vehicles. The company focuses on building new material plates, with polysulfurether pps and high-temperature nylonpa operations entering the harvest period, and will continue to do a great job.
At the same time, the company plans to invest about $10 billion in the existing CEP project, with great potential for future growth. Profit predictions and investment proposals: given the company’s overperformance in the second quarter, we raise the company’s profit forecast,2 New and Quarterly Reviews: Vitamin prices have risen dramatically.
We have tried to be objective and impartial in the content of the report, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the report are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.