New Union (002001.sz) looks at the prospect of decomposition and upgrading of the va and ve installations overseas, increasing domestic pig stocks and continuing release of demand, upwards of the climate of vitamins and egg amino acid, adding to the capacity of the company ' s many new projects.
Release, the company’s performance in the second half of the year is likely to continue to grow at a high rate, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. The product volume rises, leading to a significant increase in performance: the company’s main product, va, ve, biomass, and egg, increases in the sales of the product, adding up the volume of the product, leading to a high performance in the first half of the year.
On the one hand, demand for products such as vitamins, which are being fed downstream, has increased as a result of the growing stock of live pigs in the country since the end of 19; on the other hand, the European and American regions have a relatively high capacity of va, ve, and oscillation, which account for 65 per cent, 42 per cent and 52 per cent of the respective capacity.
The increase in vitamin prices is driven by tight and overlapping demand. Vitamins, for example, are in good shape and are expected to keep up: the prices of va, ae, etc., are now lower than they were in April, but there has been a marked increase in comparison, with 11%, 33%, and organisms.
On the one hand, in June, Basfe announced a failure in the production line of vitamina, stopped receiving three-quarters of the list, while, as a result of the European epidemic, the supply of vitamina contracted. On the other hand, after the dsm buy-up, industry patterns improved considerably, and came back under the control of the top four producers (including the new ones).
In addition to dsm's upgrades to cenic devices, some producers are affected by the device, and in the coming years there are plans for overhauls, and the overall pattern of ve is better. In addition, domestic import dependence on ecstasy is high, and anti-dumping preliminary findings may support the rise in the price of ecstasy. In addition, the Ministry of National Agriculture
The need to ensure a near-annual return to pig production capacity by the end of the year, and the need to release it as the stock of pig stocks increases, is expected to continue. New projects are coming into operation, and performance growth is assured: company announcements indicate that the Heilongjiang is fermented.
The project, which is already in the pilot phase and is expected to be fully operational in the second half of the year, consists of 151,000 tons of crystallized glucose and other productive capacity, with an investment of approximately 3.6 billion yuan to the expected postnatal contribution of 2 billion yuan. Meanwhile, the company ' s new 20,000-ton Vitamine test vehicle and product certification are being synchronized and are expected to be based.
This project is also under way in the form of 250,000 tons of ecstasy projects, the Shandong Industrial Park project, and the maltphenol project, which is expected to be completed in 20 years, except for the second phase of 150,000 tons of liquid ecstasy.
Based on the vitamin industry, the company focuses on innovation in autonomous research and development, constantly extending to the relevant production chain, with endogenous growth patterns of fragrance, pyric amino acid, new materials, raw materials, and biological fermentation leading to multi-operative, industrial chain integration.
Business, as new production capacity continues to grow in the future, the space for companies to grow will be released. The Division’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.