Short-term pressure on performance of 2025q3 to actively promote new energy business development Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Control of overall cost rates and pressure on profitability
• Actively promoting the development of new energy businesses, building a full-scale programme for charging grids, and relying on deep product accumulation and technological advantages in the field of electric engineering, the company has taken the lead in cutting into the home charging track and gradually building up the coverage of charge guns, home charge posts, light storage
One-size-fits-all product system. Successively, a series of communication-based charge-posts, such as bulls, bulls, bulls, bulls, and bulls' skyscrapers, were introduced.
Interactively, it became one of the few products in the industry to be certified with five stars and five-star compatibility certification, adapted to the new mainstream energy model in the market, setting up domestic chargers in terms of safety, compatibility and environmental adaptation.
At the Eco-General's Forum on the theme “Exploration of commercial car-filling models”, companies signed strategic cooperation agreements with three platforms, respectively, for the purpose of improving the safety, intelligence, operational efficiency and user experience of commercial chargeposts in a comprehensive manner.
We look forward to the company’s robust growth of electricity connections and smart lighting based on the share of the civil electrician market and channels accumulated by converters and wall-opening products. With Led lighting, the process of change and expansion of channels, smart-house ecology and orphan lighting is expected to improve, and so on.
Active promotion of internationalization strategies and expansion of new energy markets are expected to lead to medium- and long-term performance growth. 2.24 years of steady growth, rapid growth of new energy operations, risk of a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, increased risk of market competition, and less development of new operations than expected.
In October 2023, he joined Huaan securities. He was good at deep industrial research and market opportunities, with a clear view. He had a wealth of industrial resources and deep research experience in fast consumer goods, new tobacco, cross-border power suppliers, paper-making, and emerging consumption directions.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market and do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.