New product + branding to build new performance 31 October 2025 Bulls Group (stock code: 603195)
Active construction of healthy and intelligent lighting ecology, product upgrades and additions to traditional business: traditional areas such as walling, electricity connection, temporarily under pressure from property, companies actively promoting product upgrading and innovation
New, to invigorate traditional business through new items such as invisible orbital plugs and wifi wall routers, while at the same time building up poles to promote internationalization, partially offset negative domestic demand impacts; in the area of smart electrician lighting, companies have a competitive advantage in building their products with ai smart + healthy lighting, and the branding of light continues to be renewed; in the area of new energy operations, companies have been refilled
Gear operations have continued to rise in the domestic market, with a new breakthrough in the listing of q3 heavy-card charged products. In the context of domestic demand pressure, brands have been out building a second growth curve: companies have been doing a lot of branding since 2024, and overseas operations in 2025 have covered regions ranging from South-East Asia to Europe, the Middle East, Latin America, etc.
Over 40 countries, the seafood category extends from converters, walls, etc., to full products, including new energy products, and European storage operations are now in the demonstration certification phase. The company’s large offshore customers are now beginning to develop replicable models of development, which are expected to grow rapidly with the increase in the number of large customers.
Performance is short-term under pressure, but operating capacity remains robust. Twenty-five years ago, the company ' s Māori ratio was 42.1%, a year-on-year increase of 20.1%; single-q3 operating cash flows were equal to +90.2%, and cash flow performance remained excellent in the context of income pressure, reflecting a strong cash-backing capacity of the company to negotiate with the supply chain.
Investment proposals: The company continues to deepen its channel layout and to develop innovative products with user needs at its core, new business such as orphan lamps, new energy sources, etc. is growing rapidly, and overseas operations are expanding steadily. Considering the temporary pressure of downstream demand, 1.
Short-term pressure on long-term diverse eco-dynamics.
3. [Galactic Light Worker] Company Review _ Light Industry _ Bulls Group: Intake robust growth and continued abundance of product ecology I have committed myself to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.