Events: In recent days, 18-yearly reports were published by Skyfare organisms, and in 2018, the company achieved operating income of 2,931 million yuan, an increase of 18.03 per cent over the same period (adjusted) the previous year; and the realization of albajota organisms (600161.sh).
The company's blood products business, based on the Shanghai blood industry, the Wuhan blood industry, and the three blood products assets in Lanzhou, has seen a significant increase in the company's blood products income; at the same time, the company has further consolidated its blood products industry leadership by increasing the amount of slurry, increasing the amount of slurry, and increasing marketing efforts. The company has achieved business income of 2,931 million yuan throughout the year, an increase of 31.32 per cent over the same period (adjusted) the previous year.
The net profit was 736 million yuan, an increase of 15.47 per cent over the same period (after adjustment) the previous year; the net return to the mother was 509 million yuan, an increase of 16.78 per cent over the same period (after adjustment) the previous year; and the volume of slurry was significantly increased. In 2018, companies and affiliated companies brought together partners in many ways to actively seek the support of the various levels of government and the health-care and phyto-student administration in the context of strategic cooperation with the various regions. The number of single slurry stations (including substations) in the country ' s 13 provinces/autonomous regions reached 57, of which 49 were in the slurry stations.
The company has set up a blood-source management centre to re-innovate the annual slurry volume by strengthening the slurry station development team, developing innovative models of blood-source recruitment and stabilization, optimizing the slurry station performance appraisal, strengthening blood-source branding, etc. In 2018, the company achieved 1,568.07 tons of plasma collection, an increase of 11.86 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, which is about 5 percentage points higher than the industry average. In the case of slurry, the company promoted the transfer of plasma, increased the slurry scale, and improved production efficiency.
The company’s annual slurry capacity can be of up to a thousand tons and, through internal synergies, can maximize the scale effect and raise the company’s single-ton plasma profit rate. And the polar layout terminals, which are home-grown.
There is a huge increase of 370 per cent in the same year in the blood products industry, with companies leading the country in the final volume, and products with a wide market space.
The company’s annual slurry, slurry and sales earnings are among the highest in the country, with significant advantages in size.
Risk factors: policy risk in the blood products industry; risk of falling product prices; under-progress in product research and development; less-than-expected new slurry stations; industry event risk; \triangleright cindaseturitiesco., Ltd
Wu Pingping, Bachelor of Pharmacy, Biochemistry, Nanjing University, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in 2012. Zhou Hyun-soo, Master of Finance, Illinois Institute of Technology, United States, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2015 for research in agro-forestry and light manufacturing.
This report has been produced and published by the China Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of clients, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to specific customers, not to the general public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.