On 30/04/04/2019, the ability to produce + the wealth of both swords and the growth period.
On April 29, 2019, the company announced that it would collect $706 million during the reporting period, deducting $130 million in net profit from the non-repatriation of the mother, an increase of 21.57 per cent over the same period last year.
During the reporting period, the company ' s construction work grew by 37.39 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, other non-current assets by 35.32 per cent, and long-term borrowing by 40.72 per cent, as a result of the ongoing construction of the NPC project.
Total investment of 1.45 billion yuan, or approximately 140 acres of land, with the project's design capacity of 1,200 tons, built in three phases completed, one or two of which are expected to be accepted in March 2020, resulting in protein, low-temperature ethanol, protein and octagen production, and three of which are expected to be accepted in March 2022, resulting in a layered corporate immune.
Protein, pcc, and man-fibre proteins were produced. By the end of the previous year, the blood workshop structure had been completed, the office building had been capped. In addition, the Yunnan factory with a design capacity of 1,200 tons (Shanghai blood system) was being prepared and planned for completion in September 2022.
This will lead to an expansion of production capacity and scale effects, while enriching the product structure and making a long-term performance contribution. In the fourth-generation Qingc supplement application, it is expected that the average ton of plasma revenues will be further increased.
Clinical trials were approved in 2016, and this time the process changes into the supplementary application process.
The process, using two or more layers of condensation in combination with purity, has a short production cycle, a high rate of harvest, and an increase in productivity, safety and product durability compared to the traditional methods used in the country (low-temperature ethanol or low-temperature ethanol + ethanol combined); for patients, clinical injection time is shorter.
Company C is in the lead, and there are no other companies that have yet to make a clinical declaration of progress. It is expected that with the completion of the construction of the Yong-Aan plant and the introduction of coagulation factors and high concentrations of Still C, further improvements will be expected.
The company’s value is being re-created, with the most powerful sources of syrup and marketing channels re-established. The Young-Ann plant project is not as expected, and the fourth generation of Stag C is not as expected.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.