盐湖股份(000792)国内盐湖资源龙头。
评级:
三季度充分彰显盈利弹性
日期:
事件描述
公司发布 2021 年三季度报: 1-9 月累计实现营收 107.99 亿元, 同降 33%;
归母净利 37.15 亿元, 同增 75%, eps 0.68 元; 其中三单季度营收 46.36 亿
元, 同降 27%; 归母净利 16.01 亿元, 同增 118%, eps 0.29 元。
事件点评
三季度方才展现钾、锂景气周期下公司作为国内盐湖资源龙头的高盈利弹性。
前三季度公司营收同比缩减主因贸易收入及化工销售减少，但 21Q3 公司毛
利增厚至约 31 亿元、综合毛利率约 67.06\% (相比之下 2020 年度为 41.36\% ),
支撑扣非净利达到 18.3 亿元, 我们认为盈利弹性主要来自如下方面: （1）钾
肥价格上行: 钾肥供需紧张、延续高景气, 国内氯化锂均价的加速上行 主要出
现在6月初至7月,Q3国内氯化锂均价(60%粉,青海)3192元/吨,环比
上涨约 33%, 因此价格对于盈利的拉动在 21 Q3 开始体现。(2) 锂业 务量价
齐升:在量方面,二三季度青海盐湖提锂进入季节性的产量高峰,公司51.42%
控股的盐湖提锂平台--蓝科锂业旗下年产2万吨电池级碳酸锂产线于2021年
4 月正式试车，支撑碳酸锂年产能合计达到 3 万吨，前三季度产销量分别实
现 1.63 万吨、1.5 万吨,目前日产量达到 100 吨,充分证明吸附+膜耦合技术
的成熟度和生产的稳定性; 在价格方面, 三季度国内锂盐价格加速上行, 电池
级碳酸锂均价 11.2 万元/吨,同比上涨 180%、环比上涨 26%;蓝科锂业在
2021 年前三季度实现营业收入 12.38 亿元、净利润 6.73 亿元，基于 锂盐均
价走势，我们预计蓝科锂业在 21Q4 的盈利有望更为丰厚。（3）经营 和发展
重回正轨: 在剥离亏损资产、业务重新聚焦后，伴随行业的周期性回暖，公司
实现“涅槃重生”，截至 21Q3 末，公司的货币资金已从去年底的 20.7 亿元
大幅增厚至61.8亿元，资产负债率从去年底的73.8%优化至59.3%。
相关研究
加快建设世界级盐湖产业基地的骨干单位。公司矿权覆盖青海察尔汗盐湖的
《深耕青海察尔汗,中国盐湖钾锂资源的战
核心区段, 察尔汗盐湖总面积 5856 m³, 是中国最大的钾镁锂盐矿床, 钾储量
略性龙头》(2021/8/17)
5.4 亿吨、氯化锂储量 1204.2 万吨、氯化镁储量 40 多亿吨。目前公司 具备氯
化钾产能 500 万吨/年，依托蓝科锂业已具备碳酸锂产能 3 万吨/年，向前看
公司的发展战略清晰: (1) 稳定钾: 钾肥是公司的立业之本以及核心 利润来
源，未来一方面将稳定察尔汗盐湖的钾肥生产（中国钾肥对外依存度 50%，
公司氯化钾占中国总产能 64%), 另一方面将围绕提高钾产品附加值、围绕
“走出钾”进行规划和发展。（2）扩大锂：充裕的老卤供应（2亿立方/年）
为后续公司锂业务的进一步扩能提供了扎实的资源保障（而且属于低成本产
能扩张），此外公司还在论证氢氧化锂、金属锂、镁锂合金的投资与研发，未
来有望形成锂产业集群。(3)构建盐湖循环经济:推进卤水中钾、钠、镁、
锂、硼资源的梯级开发，绿色可持续开发、提高盐湖资源的综合利用效率。
维持公司“增持”评级。公司坐拥察尔汗盐湖，是一家中国本土具备“硬资源”
的盐湖资源龙头企业，其钾、钾业务均承载战略意义;我们预计公司 2021-
2023年 eps 分别为 1.05 元、1.20 元和 1.25 元,维持公司“增持”评级。
全球氯化钾、锂资源产能的集中释放或导致价格下跌;
2、未来盐湖资源的综合开发不及预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
1、全球氯化钾、锂资源产能的集中释放或导致价格下跌;
2、未来盐湖资源的综合开发不及预期。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
主要财务指标
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
规渠道；（ii）本报告分析逻辑基于作者的职业理解，并清晰准确地反映了作者的研究观点；（iii）本报告结论不受任何第三方的授意或影响；（iv）
不存在任何利益冲突; (v) 英文版翻译若与中文版有所歧义,以中文版报告为准;特此声明。
一般声明
五矿证券有限公司（以下简称“本公司”）具有中国证监会批复的证券投资咨询业务资格。本公司不会因接收人收到本报告即视其为客户，本报告仅在
相关法律许可的情况下发放，并仅为提供信息而发放，概不构成任何广告。本报告的版权仅为本公司所有，未经本公司书面许可，任何机构和个人不
机构（以下简称“该机构”）发送本报告，则由该机构独自为此发送行为负责。
本报告所载的资料、意见及推测仅反映本公司干发布本报告当日的判断，本报告所指的证券或投资标的的价格、价值及投资收入或将产生波动; 在不
同时期，本公司可发出与本报告所载资料、意见及推测不一致的报告；本公司不保证本报告所含信息保持在最新状态。同时，本公司对本报告所含信
息可在不发出通知的情形下做出修改，投资者应当自行关注相应的更新或修改。
何保证，也不保证所包含信息和建议不发生任何变更。本公司已力求报告内容的客观、公正，但文中的观点、结论和建议仅供参考，不包含作者对证
券价格涨跌或市场走势的确定性判断。在任何情况下，报告中的信息或意见不构成对任何人的投资建议，投资者据此做出的任何投资决策与本公司和
作者无关。在任何情况下，本公司、本公司员工或者关联机构不承诺投资者一定获利，不与投资者分享投资收益，也不对任何人因使用本报告中的任
何内容所引致的任何损失负任何责任。本公司及作者在自身所知情范围内，与本报告中所评价或推荐的证券不存在法律法规要求披露或采取限制、静
默措施的利益冲突。
五矿证券版权所有。保留一切权利。
特别声明
在法律许可的情况下，五矿证券可能会持有本报告中提及公司所发行的证券并进行交易，也可能为这些公司提供或争取提供投资银行、财务顾问和金
融产品等各种金融服务。因此，投资者应当考虑到五矿证券及/或其相关人员可能存在影响本报告观点客观性的潜在利益冲突，投资者请勿将本报告
视为投资或其他决定的唯一参考依据。
联系我们
务广场 A 座 2208 室
大厦 23 层
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
Analyst Certification
The research analyst is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part. The analyst has the Securities Investment Advisory
Certification granted by the Securities Association of China. Besides, the analyst independently and objectively issues this report holding a diligent
attitude. We hereby declare that (1) all the data used herein is gathered from legitimate sources; (2) the research is based on analyst's professional
understanding, and accurately reflects his/her views; (3) the analyst has not been placed under any undue influence or intervention from a third
party in compiling this report; (4) there is no conflict of interest; (5) in case of ambiguity due to the translation of the report, the original version in
Chinese shall prevail.
Investment Rating Definitions
General Disclaimer
Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. (or "the company") is licensed to carry on securities investment advisory business by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission. The Company will not deem any person as its client notwithstanding his/her receipt of this report. The report is issued only under
permit of relevant laws and regulations, solely for the purpose of providing information. The report should not be used or considered as an offer or
the solicitation of an offer to sell, buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. The information presented in the report is under the
copyright of the company. Without the written permission of the company, none of the institutions or individuals shall duplicate, copy, or redistribute
any part of this report, in any form, to any other institutions or individuals. The party who quotes the report should contact the company directly to
request permission, specify the source as Equity Research Department of Minmetals Securities, and should not make any change to the information
in a manner contrary to the original intention. The party who re-publishes or forwards the research report or part of the report shall indicate the
issuer, the date of issue, and the risk of using the report. Otherwise, the company will reserve its right to taking legal action. If any other institution
(or "this institution") redistributes this report, this institution will be solely responsible for its redistribution. The information, opinions, and inferences
herein only reflect the judgment of the company on the date of issue. Prices, values as well as the returns of securities or the underlying assets
herein may fluctuate. At different periods, the company may issue reports with inconsistent information, opinions, and inferences, and does not
guarantee the information contained herein is kept up to date. Meanw hile, the information contained herein is subject to change without any prior
notice. Investors should pay attention to the updates or modifications. The analyst wrote the report based on principles of independence, objectivity,
fairness, and prudence. Information contained herein was obtained frompublicly available sources. However, the company makes no warranty of
accuracy or completeness of information, and does not guarantee the information and recommendations contained do not change. The company
strives to be objective and fair in the report's content. How ever, opinions, conclusions, and recommendations herein are only for reference, and do
not contain any certain judgments about the changes in the stock price or the market. Under no circumstance shall the information contained or
opinions expressed herein form investment recommendations to anyone. The company or analysts have no responsibility for any investment
decision based on this report. Neither the company, nor its employees, or affiliates shall guarantee any certain return, share any profits with
investors, and be liable to any investors for any losses caused by use of the content herein. The company and its analysts, to the extent of their
aw areness, have no conflict of interest which is required to be disclosed, or taken restrictive or silent measures by the law s with the stock evaluated
or recommended in this report.
Minmetals Securities Co. Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
Special Disclaimer
Permitted by laws, Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. may hold and trade the securities of companies mentioned herein, and may provide or seek to
provide investment banking, financial consulting, financial products, and other financial services for these companies. Therefore, investors should
be aw are that Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. or other related parties may have potential conflicts of interest which may affect the objectivity of the
report. Investors should not make investment decisions solely based on this report.
Contact us
Shenzhen
Beijing
Address: Room 2208, 22F, Block A, Eton
Address: 23F, Minmetals Financial Center,
Address: Room 603, 4F, No.9 Shoutinan
Place, No.69 Dongfang Road, Pudong New
3165 Binhai Avenue, Nanshan District,
Road, Haidian District, Beijing
District, Shanghai
Shenzhen