China Stone (600176.sh)
The company recently released its mid-term report in 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $5,062 million, which was affected by falling prices and rising costs in the first half of the year. The ratio of gross domestic product (Māori) in the fibre veil and products affected was 94.63 per cent in the first half of the year, with operating costs of $2,781 million, an increase of 8.72 per cent in the same year, in 2019.
The impact of the expansion was compounded by downward pressures on the economy, with the whole of the fibre-optic industry showing a greater supply than demand in the first half of 2019, with a marked decline in the price of China's giant stones, and a decline in the cost of raw materials and fuel, which led to a decline in the Maori rate.
The three main reasons for the decline in profit rates in the first quarter of 2 were the rise in profitability and the overall upgrading of the world's fibre optics.
China Stone (600176), China Stone Billion yuan, down 14.61 per cent, down 19.14 per cent of the net profit compared to q1, with net profit falling us the same year.
The main reasons for determining the world-class fibre are as follows: the fall in the price of the product and the re-upgrading of the country due to the adverse effects of the devaluation of the renminbi.
Cost rates increased slightly during the period with the increase in income 17.44 per cent during the reporting period, an increase of 3.3 percentage points over the same period last year, with sales, administration (including percentage points), with higher sales costs due to faster transport costs due to higher sales during the period, and management fees
The increase in the utilization rate is due to higher costs, such as rents, due to a 22.67 per cent increase in short-term borrowing in the current period and a 200.24 per cent increase in obligations payable in the current period.
Over the last three years, the company will be at a peak in capital spending, with seven major ongoing construction projects currently under way, with 95% of the country ' s annual 96,000 tonnes of non-alkali fibreglass kilns completed, with cumulative investment of 2,352 million yuan. The 120,000 tonnes of non-alkali fibre-glass kiln zip line construction project, with cumulative investment of 24 million dollars, has been completed.
The Giant Stone Group has invested a total of 132 million yuan a year in the construction of the fibreglass manufacturing line. The Giant Stone Group produces 60,000 tons of electronic gauze and 200 million metres a year in electronic fabric production lines, the Giant Stone Group produces 300,000 tons of fibreglass intelligence each year, the Stones Egypt Production Base Construction Project, and the Stone Group Chengdu.
With 250,000 tons of glass produced annually, 90 per cent, 50 per cent, 85 per cent and 15 per cent respectively, it is expected that in recent years the company will not be able to cope with the effects of the United States trade campaign and tariff escalation. As the company grows, the trade protection challenge is increasing.
In the evening, the U.S. Trade Representative's Office issued a circular on “Customs on Chinese Commodities”, in which the U.S. Government intends to impose a further 10% tariff on about US$ 200 billion in Chinese goods, including consumer goods such as clothing, television components, refrigerators, and other high-tech products, the company's fibre-optic products.
In the future, companies will continue to develop markets and communicate with their customers in all regions, while at the same time increasing their monitoring of changes in the external environment.
Companies are now actively expanding their production capacity and transforming the structure of products that are intelligently produced and that increase the weight of high-end products. In the short term, price volatility for these products may drag the company’s performance, but in the long run, as the company becomes competitive, it will be able to make a difference.
Step-by-step enhancement and the phasing out of small enterprises, and companies' market share and voice will continue to increase, maintaining an “upscaling” rating. Risks of changes in relevant tax policies; Risks of changes in raw materials, fuel prices;
Xu Jialin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.