Incidents: On April 25, Jiangsu Bank issued its 2023 and 24q1 financial statements. The 2023, 24q1 battalion receipts were 74.3 billion yuan, 21 billion yuan, yoy+5.3 per cent, + 11.7 per cent. The net profit on maternity was $28.8 billion, and other non-interest income continued to show its brightness.
\triangleright has continued to press on, and other non-interest-bearing earnings have remained high and are still a major contributor to the growth of revenue, respectively, with a slower rate of profit growth and associated with adjustments to the firm ' s impairment liftings. 23 years of net profit return is the same.
There is a steady expansion of the loan stock. The total loan stock of 24q1 increased by 13.1% over the year, with a large contribution to public loans.
\triangleright Research Assistant Wang \tungleright, see that public loans are also relatively advanced.
In Jiangsu province, credit lending has also focused on the provincial niche areas, with 23 years of growth in manufacturing, inclusive micro, technological and industrial lending of 24.3 per cent, 25.3 per cent, 32.6 per cent, and 24q1 deposits of +14.5 per cent, respectively, or due to better investment in public loans and greater viability.
\triangleright 1. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) tri-quarterly report 2023
2. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) incident rating: three major shares are high, while the consumer mortgage market has been more competitive for 24 years, and Jiangsu Bank has been observed to have introduced lower-pricing fee-free products.
The effect is on the other hand, the company is actively pushing down the share of the structural high-interest deposits.
5. In-depth report by Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): Deep farming
The company is mainly operating in the economically developed and financially resource-rich Jiangsu region, with a steady expansion in the size of the loan deposits in recent years and a steady increase in the quality of the assets, which has recently been adjusted for impairments to maintain the provision at a higher level of water \triangleright
Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 24q1 increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest income as at 24q1 and net fees revenue increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative) Figure 3: Jiangsu Bank ' s other non-interest income as at 24q1 increased on a year-on-year basis (cumulative)
Figure 5: Jiangsu Bank ' s total liabilities as at 24q1 and deposits as at rate of increase: Figure 6: Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest difference as at 2023 (%) Figure 8: Jiangsu Bank ' s interest rate as at 2023, overdue rate
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.