Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) and other high interest-rate increases that support higher yields and lower net profit growth rates.
2023a, 1q24 Jiangsu bank revenues increased by 5.28 per cent, 11.72 per cent, respectively, and the impact of the higher base figure for the completion of the period and the fourth quarter of 2022, which was compounded by the smoothing of the year 2023, and the weak incentive for new investments at the end of the year. Wealth management operations were subject to capital markets.
The impact of poor field performance, expectations of the population, and adjustment of fiscal rates has been significantly delayed. 1q24 battalion has seen an improvement in the speed circle, with net interest, median and other non-interest income equal to -0.78 per cent, 16.82 per cent, and 78.4 per cent, respectively, being driven by other non-interests.
Debt yields fall unilaterally by 37bps+, resulting in a significant increase in returns on banking and financial investment operations, which boosted revenue. Net profits declined significantly (vs1-3q23+25.21%), mainly due to a strong public investment rate of 1q24 and a stronger deposit stream, and a tendency to regularize or continue personal deposits.
1q24 Bank Jiangsu total assets, loans, financial investments +15.07%, investment portfolio increases, or is associated with capital increases after equity transfers, catching long-end interest rates, and window allocation of solid receiving assets. Loan lending remains strong and at a forward pace, q1 pairs
Public loans (excluding discounts) increased by $162.8 billion from the beginning of the year and increased by a net investment of 1q23 Continuously improved, with “five articles” in the fields of science and technology, inclusiveness, and green loans increasing at a high base, with retail loans of 1q24 declining by 16.6 billion from the beginning of the year, or suffering from low demand for retail credit, asset quality
The decline in volume affected the slowdown in investment, continuing the overall trend of “deficit against the public, weak retail and discounted”.
Good management, with a clear advantage of QMB differentials The trend continues or is associated with increased competition with financial institutions in the Jiangsu region, with a ratio of 1q24 to public and personal deposits + 26.4 per cent and +22.7 per cent, respectively.
• Prices: net interest differentials are much lower throughout the year, mainly due to a drop in asset end-of-end rate of return.
Less than 2%, with an average net interest gap of 1.69% over the 4q23 banking sector and around 30bps. Jiangsu bank’s net interest differential advantage is mainly at the end of the asset, with interest rates adjusted for the downfall of lpr in 2023 and the stock of mortgages, and the industry’s exposure to asset waste and high-yielding asset pricing.
The interest-bearing asset rate for Jiangsu Bank, the average rate of return on loans and the rate of return on financial investments have fallen by 18 bps, 18 bps, 29 bps, respectively.
The impact on the cost of deposits is offset in part by an increase in the ratio of public demand deposits. It is expected that the difference in interest rates may fall further in 2024 due to a drop of 25bps in lpr, but given the increase in the ratio of public deposits by Jiangsu Bank, the effect of the end-of-the-end reduction of the debt will be further realized in 2024.
• Risk: A low rate of underperformance and a high level of provision. Non-credit impairments increased by non-credit write-back rates, 3q23 for Jiangsu Bank, 0.91 per cent for provision coverage, 378.13 per cent for provision, 4bp to 1.34 per cent for interest, plus write-off at year-end
Large, the rate of miscalculation has risen slightly to 0.91%. The lag ratio has risen slightly to a level where it is considered prudent and strict. Non-credit impairment supports profits, pre-deprecating debt investment, and the banking sector as a whole faces a narrow interest gap in the context of volatile macroeconomic recovery and financial concessions.
At the supply level, Jiangsu Bank is more resilient and has improved asset quality, which is more growth-oriented than banks of the same size. At the demand side, Jiangsu has a strong credit climate and competing financial institutions.
Intensely, Jiangsu Bank has a strong, strong public sector advantage, sustained structural improvement and built-in potential for sustainable growth. In October 2023, it was able to transfer debt to equity, and in 2024, the new line of management was gradually restructured, and we believe that Jiangsu Bank has completed its “promotion for stability” process.
The chapter on “Go ahead” will begin with a period of high-quality growth, with more solid, better structured, less burdened, more red, and a future “stable through the cycle” that will be the main tone of development.
Interest rate risk: sustained downswings in market interest rates, increased competition for good-quality assets, and reduced interest differentials. Market risk: deterioration in asset quality caused by large downswings in macro- and regional economies, and negative increases in business risk: less than expected economic growth, and a sharp drop in financing demand slows credit growth.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.