In the recent past, Jiangsu Bank has revealed 2023 and one-quarter 2024: 2024q1 net profit from the mother's profits
The profit rate is faster than 10% more than the same time.
Top-ranked, high-profile; net profit returns are increasing at a similar rate of between 2023 and 3.23 pct to 10.02%, maintaining double-digit levels. Corporate performance is growing faster, mainly as a result of scale expansion and Xiaohui Zhang.
The net income gap continues to narrow, but still ranks ahead. q1 profit growth slows at a marginal rate, mainly as a result of the provisioning contribution shifting from positive to negative: the positive contribution comes mainly from non-interest income other than income tax and revenue collection.
Compared to 34bp, but still higher than 1.69% of all commercial banks and 1.57% of all urban comptoirs in the same period, the Wang Qing Dynasty is ranked first among their counterparts.
Rates of 2bp, the main reason for falling interest differentials. At the end of the asset, the credit is placed in a pro-public direction, mainly in rental and business services, manufacturing, hydro-environment and public facilities management: zero sales are directed mainly to personal consumption loans, while the size of housing mortgages is reduced; and in the way guarantees are secured,
Guaranteed loans +4.15 pct, while encumbered loans +4.29 pct. At the end of the debt, although the average deposit cost rate decreased by 1 bp per year per year; at the lower cost, the share of peer deposits increased. Bad rate rings were flat and assets were of good quality.
Four consecutive quarters have been flat and are at a lower level of listed banks; the interest ratio is between +3bp and 1.37%, which is more than adequate. Overall, the company ' s assets are of sound quality, more resilient to risk, more rapidly expanding and more capital-rich.
By shooting at the country’s three major economic circles, the advantage of the zone has been significant, and the scale has been growing faster. The total level at the end of 2024q1. The firm’s core capital adequacy ratio – 28bp to 9.18% – is still more than adequate.
\triangleright Technology Enterprise Loans increased by 32.56 per cent over the year, with more than 30,000 service companies in the first place in the province of Jiangsu; Green Credit grew by 42.50 per cent over the same year, accounting for a leading partner in the business, and Silver Sioux rents
(b) Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., which continues to lead the market share in Jiangsu province, with an increase of 25.27 per cent over the previous year;
Building No. 1 of the House of the City of the West Side, Beijing City, Building 9, which is dedicated to building a financial brand of “happiness” for old age, a comprehensive distribution of pensions, old-age industries, old-age services, etc., and constantly accelerating the search for “digital intelligence, intelligence digitalization”, mobile banking, etc.
The total number of clients is over 18 million, and the number of active clients per month is over 6 million, and they sit first in the city’s comptoirs.
In 2023, retail sales amounted to 1.24 trillion yuan, with a steady increase in size and volume in the city's comptoirs.
Figure 2: Net profit accumulation and rate of increase vs. Industry as a whole
Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the finance industry and the finance industry, asset liabilities, wind control, and wind control.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.