2022 & 2023 Quarterly Review: Extreme environmental test.
Research Assistant Min Woo Keyword: #Limitative #Performance #Expected Events: Corporate Annual Bulletin and Quarterly, 1) Income of $1.420 billion in 2022, an increase of 12.43 per cent;
According to the company’s record of extreme temperatures, minimum precipitation, maximum power loads, etc., after the month of January, Sichuan province stopped production for six days on August 15-20, 2022.
In an extremely unfavourable environment, such as dam governance, hot weather, earthquake disasters, etc., the company is still successfully meeting the budget targets set by the board. In the face of the earthquake, Tian Wan River fully restored its power capacity at three power stations in the basin in just 18 days.
With 2,766 million kilowatt-hours in electricity generation; with 1.932 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity generated throughout the year in the face of the decomposition of the basin of the power station in which Kawakawa was powered; and 85 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generated by the New Energy Company for Tipping Flowers, 48% of the contribution of Yagi River hydropower. Overall, the performance in 2022 is in line with our expectations.
The increase is mainly due to: 1) 33.03 per cent increase in hydroelectric power generation in the Yagi River, 12.64 per cent increase in the price of electricity on the Internet, increase in electricity generated by new acquisitions and new production of photovoltaic power plants by the Consumptive New Energy Corporation last year, and completion of dam leakage management work by the Company Controlled Tanya River.
Post-generation output returned to normal; the increase in electricity prices was due to the fact that the average Internet access cost of the newly acquired photovoltaic power station was significantly higher than the average feeder price of the hydropower.
• The company’s three-year shareholder return plan is split by a fixed amount, and the firm’s value enhancement valuation anchor is enhanced with certainty.
In the long term, it is possible to increase the distribution of the natural advantages of the river, with an absolute share of the red, following the Yangtze power, and increasing the certainty of the distribution of the red.
Quarterly Review: Natural disasters are causing power to run, and the increase in profits is mainly due to Yagi U Securities Co. Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory.