Summary of events: 20 April, company annual report 2022, operating income realized during the reporting period. First quarter of the year, operating income of $251 million achieved during the reporting period, an increase of 44.06 per cent over the previous reporting period.
The net profit of the shareholders in the city company was 1,136 million yuan, an increase of 103.65 per cent over the same period; the Yakang River, which is owned by the shareholders in the listed company, is expected to grow: it benefits from the production of the two-yang power station and the JC power supply group \triangleright \triangleright
In 2022, the company increased its investment earnings by $521 million on a year-on-year basis, leading to an increase in investment returns by $580 million to $3.915 billion on a year-on-year basis.
4.7% performance continues to improve the returns on corporate investment, and q1 ' s return on investment in the consortium/partnership is 10% in the buyer ' s country, so the company ' s share in the river has increased to 20%.
Building factors such as limited profitability and electricity stress caused by extreme temperatures and water scarcity in the summer of 2022, Sichuan is expected to accelerate the development of hydropower in the area and the corresponding out-of-house grid, and the elimination of the problems that beset the development of the river basin is expected to be resolved and the profitability of the river company is expected to improve.
At the right time of transition, the country's research assistant, Zhao Guin Li, was able to grow: outside the power and water industry, the company actively expanded its wind and light business, acquired 51 per cent of Guangxi Yu Chai's farm share in 2022 at $315 million and built the roof of the central post office on its own.
Distributed photovoltaic power project, with 18.36 million kW in additional holding units throughout the year. In mid-2022, public installed machines reached 30 gw or more, 258,000 kW wind power project in Yagi River, 1 million kW wind power project, Kora 1.
The project is now officially under construction, and the company will fully share in the high-speed launch of the new energy company.
The annual cash-distributed profit of no less than 50% of the net profit of the parent is changed to no less than 0.4 yuan per share to connect the two Shareholder Return Plans. Since the completion of the Yakuza development in 2016, Yakuza has been reported for the first time as two major 3.
The annual capital needs of shareholders have been gradually falling, with a 25 per cent decline in 2022 in the sum of $720 million in the same year, and cash withdrawals of $2.100 billion during the same period. As the profits of Yagi River hydropower have increased, self-financing development is proposed.
\triangleright Power, Grand River Company is expected to increase investment returns on a continuous basis; a Shareholder Return Plan has been developed, with clear red points and red rates still have room for improvement.
The historical valuation level of the company and the potential released from the performance of its core assets were granted policy adjustments such as 15.0 times per cent, \triangleright price fluctuations in 2023; and 4) taxes.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.