The company issued a tri-quarter report in 2020, which generated business income of 55.39 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 0.40 per cent, and a net profit of 4,346 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 4.23 per cent;
In the third quarter, the company achieved business income of $19.170 billion, an increase of 0.40 per cent in the same year; and in the third quarter, the demand for the company’s core products continued to rise as the parent’s car, engineering and machinery sales went up. In the third quarter, the company’s performance increased by the same year, showing greater profitability.
In two ways: first, at the end of the building, the pattern of auto and engineering machinery sales has been maintained since the third quarter, with vehicle production increasing by 14.1 per cent in September, and excavator sales by 64.8 per cent in September.
(b) Second, at the cost end, the company continues to move up the price of iron ore in the third quarter and the cost of production is high.
By centralizing the purchase of large quantities of raw materials from the Nino-Thaifurt steel as a platform, controlling the total volume of resources and inventory, crushing the cost of purchasing: a full-process reduction is also carried out during the production process, with significant impact on the downscaling effect. Special steel lead companies are stable and maintain a “growth” rating. In the short term, Qingdao's environmentally friendly relocation continues.
(b) In the medium and long term, the company, as a leading company in the steel industry, is expected to benefit fully from national production substitution, manufacturing, and production.
"Increased" ratings are maintained for the company.
Tsengdu China Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.