China’s leading retail bank, bank  state-owned large bank ii Postal bank is China’s leading large retail bank.
Based on this restructuring, which was established in 2007 and is currently one of the six major branches of the state. Relying on the vast network of postal companies, the Postal Bank has reached out to the counties through nearly 40,000 points, with clients accounting for 45% of the country’s population and a large retail population.
The company’s current acting director, Governor Liu Jianjun, has long-standing recruitment and extensive experience in retail banking management. With a solid retail strategy, a large retail base of customers and excellent management, the PSB is well-retailed.
The Postal Group has established a business commissioning relationship between the Postal Bank and the Postal Group for shareholders in the Reserve Bank's holdings, and the post office.
The agency network of the government enterprises provides services such as the absorption of deposits and expands the operations of the banks by 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price coverage.
70% of the central and western regions together account for up to 55% of the total, and are at the top of the big bank. The differences between the hardened counties and the central and western markets have led to huge client groups in the postal banks, which cover more than 45% of China’s population.
In one step, the income of the population continues to rise, and the various financial demands of the sunk market are expected to be stimulated, contributing to the value of the customer base for a firm differentiated retail banking strategy. Postal banks make full use of their professional advantages, make strong retail loans, and make individual loans in areas such as smallness, agriculture, etc. special features of the reserve bank.
The Postal Bank operates through client hierarchies and depths in order to improve its workforce, product systems, etc. Large wealth management income as a share of revenue and assets of excellent quality. The profit margin is expected to be released as the asset structure is optimized.
The historical burden is low, asset quality indicators continue to lead the state-owned business, and the rate of non-performing loans at the end of 2022q3 is the rate adjusted by the Provident Bank (601658.sh) - Savings agent rate: lower overall rate.
In recent years, the Postal Bank has increased its credit-type asset allocation, focusing on the basis of the Reserve Bank (601658.sh) - a steady expansion of assets and a better increase in deposits.
In the areas of mortgages, personal consumption loans, infrastructure, etc., asset structure is optimized to provide space for performance growth.
Since the inception of the postal fund operation in 1919, China has had 100 years of postal savings. From its inception, the Postal Fund Board proposed a course of business that would be “less personal, more cumbersome, more profitable, but more secure.” In 1930, the General Directorate of Postal Reserves and Remittances was set up, with a reputation for “public banks.” In 1950, the postal savings were changed to “public banks.”
In March 2007, the bank collected deposits from private and non-operational groups.