In the year 2020, a flexible look at yellowstones, a future look at high-end electronic applications of cars, an event evaluation of  (002463), a mid-term report for the year 2020 was issued, and a business income of 3.534 billion yuan was achieved in January-June 2020.
In the second quarter of 2020, Māori achieved operating income of $1,852 million, an increase of 11.00 per cent; Māori of $684 million, an increase of 22.36 per cent; and parent-owned net profit of $370 million, an increase of the same year.
The company’s 2020 communications board was flexy on Yellowstone, car board business was flexy on car electronics, smart and networked high-end applications landing processes. The company’s communications board products were divided into three main categories: digital communications, wireless networks, and others.
Technology applications such as computing, big data and artificial intelligence will continue to grow in the future, but the epidemic and the escalation of trade disputes between the US and China have plunged global economic development into great uncertainty, creating great uncertainty for the global communications market. Therefore, companies will be more cautious about productive capacity in the first half of 2020.
Investments to avoid duplication of low-level productive capacity and to maximize investment in technology and innovation to provide clients with higher value for technology quality and services in response to the impact of the current complex and volatile external market environment and price wars.
In Beijing's west-city district, the 28th Park Street in Peace and Rixie, which promotes the Yellowstone I factory as the main production base for products related to the company's 5g base station, is targeted at the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center.
In the first half of 2020, in the main applications of corporate products, car electron was the hardest hit by the epidemic, gas, 1,000th of the Landgate Ring Road, and demand for the plate market fell sharply the same way, with excess capacity in medium- and low-end cars with pcb and more competitive prices.
In the face of a severe market situation, the plant has adjusted the product allocation of the production line, and Fuhua Fukuda has been actively managing the cost of change, giving priority to the needs of clients who are less affected by the epidemic, balancing and optimizing the requirements.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiments Single Structure to respond to the decline in market demand and increased competition.
Intelligentization and networking in the automobile industry continue, and the demand for high-end pcb applications, such as adas (up-driving support system), new energy vehicles, etc., will continue to grow. Companies, boards, and teams will increase their investment in productivity improvements and the import of new applications of new technologies.
Speeding up production and customer certification of Yellowstone's carboard line to respond to increased competition. With comparative advantage and elasticity of performance in the number, 5g, and automobile industries, we maintain an “enhanced” assessment method, using information of legal compliance, and producing this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.