The company’s single-season Māori rate and single-season net profits are historically high.
1. The q1 non-mortality ratio + 34% determines the need for a sustained increase in the Māori rate of communications-type operations and the exposure of vehicles to environmental impacts.
The company ' s telecommunications market generated $2.64 billion, an increase of 25.1 per cent in the same year, while the Māori rate rose to 33.5 per cent, the highest level since listing, mainly due to the company ' s continuous improvement 3. " Performance meets expectations, pcb of 5 g/idc "
The complete product structure, the success of the Yellowstone I plant and the increased efficiency of its operations show that the company has strong competitiveness in the communications class pcb; the company ' s car pcb has achieved $560 million over the period, and 4. Performance is as expected, pending the release of 5g+idc requirements
More powerful, but the company has maintained relatively stable business performance in the face of adversity.
The Division ' s communications products continue to grow at a high level, fully attesting to the high demand in the 20h1 communications industry, but according to industry chain research, the pace of some of the projects that have been under way since the United States sanctions on May 15, has slowed down the release of the pcb vendor 'q3 order.
But we believe that the demand trend remains constant with the construction of 5g in the country, the projected q4 launch of a new platform, and the company, as a globally competitive pcb manufacturer, is growing up.
The path is still clear. On the other hand, the global car is in a state of decline, and the company’s automobile business is warming up, hopefully ensuring stability in the company’s performance.
▪ This year's epidemic and communication plate hit hard, the company's growth dynamics will take time to recover, and we're adjusting Liu Yeon Shen luyanxue@gjzq.com.cn
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment