q2 ring ratio significantly improved and profitability increased by 580 million yuan, or 22 per cent, in the same year; net profit from deductions and withdrawals to mothers increased by 550 million yuan, or 22 per cent in the same year; operating activities increased by 22 per cent in the same year
The net gold current of 670 million yuan, an increase of 21 per cent over the same year.q2 performance ring significantly improved, with product structure optimization driving profitability up by 1.95 billion yuan, compared to +11 per cent, ring ratio + 23.4 per cent, and 20q2 net profit of 370 million yuan.
Focusing on the next generation of communications pcb. 3 - 20h1 Yellowstone camp collects $430 million, or +14 per cent, and net profits +46 million, or +86.9 per cent, and benefits from higher levels and rates of automation of production and better demand in the corporate communications market; and +730 million, or +1 per cent, or +6.6 per cent.
-7.6 per cent net profit of $100 million, i.e. 1.3 per cent, and motor panel operations are more affected by the epidemic;
The former Yellowstone I plant, which is the main production base for 5g base-station products, has grown reasonably in capacity, with a 5g high Māori product as a percentage of Piti, and has continued to improve its operational efficiency. By the end of June, more than 400,000 base-stations had been built by the country’s three major operators, with 2 data centres in demand. 400g switchboards and high-end products such as hpc have been delivered on a large scale and are now working remotely.
With the rise and the recovery of cloud-based capital spending, business communications is expected to be a new growth point. 3 and 20h1 office and industrial equipment revenues of $240 million, or +21 per cent, and the Māori rate of 33.9 per cent, or +0.99 pct. Automotive board products are optimized and high profitability is maintained.
\triangleright 20h1 carboard revenue is $560 million, the same ratio is 15%, and the Māori rate is 24.8%, the same ratio is equal.
The Yellowstone 2 plant is well on the way to customer certification and car board extension. The company will continue to benefit as the q2 downstream demand ring returns, car digitization and intelligence penetration continue to rise, and the demand for automobile electronics for medium-to-high-end pcb will remain constant over the long term.
1. Public stock in electricity (002463): optimized product structure, benefiting 5g+Data, a leading domestic supplier of communications and automobiles pcb, benefiting in the long term 5g capital and data centre recovery trends.
Public comment: The 5g+ data centre driver continued to produce a 44-fold valuation of the industry pe (ttm, general approach) for printing circuit boards in Sw, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating.
1. Unsatisfied productive capacity; 2, increased motor panel competition; 3, 5g undersatisfactory progress; corporate financial statement projections aggregate Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in Eastern Securities Co. Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and awarded the Chinese University of Science and Technology Science.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.