The Medicines Group semi-annual performance report was published, with a steady growth of RMB 1 billion (+46 per cent) in the second quarter and a net profit of RMB 556 million (+49 per cent) from non-repatriation.
Business income is expected to reach $1.400 billion (+18 per cent) in the second quarter of 23 years, $302 million (+16 per cent) in the net return to the mother and $303 million (+17 per cent) in the net return to the mother.
The growth in corporate performance is mainly due to the increased sales of products, resulting in a sustained increase in sales earnings. 2. Sky Forum Biologies: a significant increase in performance in the first quarter, a steady increase in the construction of slurry stations in the second quarter, and a strong performance growth in the first quarter.
Continuing breakthroughs, 2023.4.13 After a significant increase in the same year, the second quarter has maintained a steady growth rate and performance growth has been remarkable.
(b) At the demand level, medical education for blood products has been promoted objectively over the past two years and intra-hospital consultations have resumed.
There will be a gradual release of the backlog of surgeries, and blood products are expected to grow. We expect a sustained recovery in the basics of the blood industry in 23 years, with companies benefiting continuously as industry leaders and growing steadily.
The company’s slurry station continues to land, and its size is expected to materialize gradually. The company’s slurry station expansion has accelerated, with 22 new slurry stations in Guizhou, Gansu, Gilling, Lake North in 2022, which are expected to expand steadily; in 2022, the company extracted 2035 tons of slurry, up from the previous year.
11%, the number of slurry stations and the scale of the slurry are long-term leaders in the industry, and the future size advantages are expected to be realized gradually, leading to sustained growth in the company’s performance. Capacity-building is advancing steadily, and research and development is continuing to break down.
In addition to the successful launch of the Company Basics (RMB)-Longan Project in August 2022, the Chengdu Yongsheng Reorganization Unit and the Shanghai Blood Yunnan Project have all been completed to effectively improve the company ' s overall production.
Yes. In terms of R & D, Chengdu Yongsheng recombined human cdensation factor viii, immunoglobin (ph4) (layered process, 10% concentration), human fibre protein and Lanzhou blood-crete, blood enzyme combinations are submitted for public registration and verified through drug registration (pharmacology)
We maintain a profit forecast, and the company is expected to make a net return profit in 2023-2025, respectively.
The magma station has not expanded as expected: the regulatory risk of single-plaming stations: the capital costs of new open slurry stations have increased; the risk of increased slurry costs; the risk of product price fluctuations; and so forth.
Within a week, within a month and in February.