Irities Bank of China (601988.sh) Internationalization strategy advanced; assets of better quality than colleagues
Long-term competitiveness rating: equal to industry average Company fundamentals (RMB) Internationalization strategy advanced and the contribution of internationalization operations continued to rise: internationalization has always been the middle-class nuclear option
With a competitive edge, the company continues to push for a major internationalization strategy, building a “one-way” financial artery that benefits the most from the “one-way” and the internationalization of the renminbi. In late June 2016, overseas institutions ran 46 countries and territories across six continents, with 564 branches; and in late June, overseas businesses.
The total amount of bank loans in industry was equivalent to $36.2 billion and $316.3 billion respectively, representing 18 per cent and 22 per cent of the group; the total profits achieved by the commercial banks abroad in the first half of the year were $8.1 billion, excluding the total profits from sales of the South Pacific Bank investment earnings of approximately $3.85 billion, representing the total profits of the group (excluding the total profits of the group).
The internationalization and consolidation of the business has resulted in a better income structure for companies than their counterparts: the Corporate Holdings Department covers securities, insurance, funds, financial leasing and consumer finance, and the company uses integration as a tool for the company.
Layout, deepening business linkages, accelerating cross-marketing and product innovation, enhancing corporate synergies, providing comprehensive, high-quality, comprehensive financial services to clients, with middle-class non-interest income as a percentage of average income as opposed to continuing to work with peers The quality of assets is better than the standard, adverse generation is lower: starting in the second half of 2015, middle-performing rates are on the rise
In terms of stability, the ratio of interest-type loans, although on the upward path, has remained at a very low absolute level, with assets performing better than against the mark. At the end of the third quarter of 2016, the median rate of bad behavior was 1.48 per cent, compared to the end of the last quarter, with only 1 bp higher, 0.46 per cent higher and 45 bps lower in the first quarter of the third quarter.
We believe that the quality of the company ' s assets will be faster than the stability of the labels. In mid-2016, the company ' s provision coverage has begun to pick up in the event of a decline in the labels. As of the end of September, the central line coverage was 15.83 per cent, an increase of nearly 7 pct over the end of the quarter.
Liu Zhiping puts less pressure on the label than on the label, and in the future the pressure on the cost of steady credit as the quality of the asset becomes more moderate. The big strategy of internationalization is “a way around” and the most beneficial of the renminbi internationalization; and internationalization operations.
There has been a marked increase in profit contributions, leading international business-friendly corporate development; a steady advance in the middle-level diversified financial strategy, with revenue structures superior to those of the same industry, cross-marketing and synergetic development adding dynamism to the company's development; and a better quality of corporate assets than bid lines, with less pressure on the provision of labels.
The economy continues to fall, credit risks continue to erupt, market systemic risks, corporate business risks, etc. Internationalization strategies are advanced, and the contribution of international business profits continues to rise.
Internationalization has always been the central competitive advantage of the middle class: at the end of June 2016, overseas institutions spanned 46 countries and territories on six continents with 564 affiliates: at the end of June, the total loans held by offshore commercial bank clients amounted to $36.2 billion, $316.3 billion, and increased by 4.28 per cent at the beginning of the year.
The increase in profits was mainly due to the company's completion of the South Pacific commercial bank sale, which resulted in a current long-term equity investment return of $29.570 billion, an increase of $28.16 billion over the same period the previous year, excluding this portion.
The middle line is the country's most internationalized commercial bank, with a “345 strategy” in the planning of overseas operations, the first goal being to have assets and profits abroad as a base site in the near future.
On 30% of the steps, the next step is to reach 40%, with the longer-term goal of making overseas operations a real “half of the world.” The middle line continues to deepen its internationalization strategy and optimize its overseas layout as a “one-way” people.
Top beneficiaries of currency internationalization: (1) sustained development of “one-way” financial arteries, overseas institutions covering 18 countries along the “one-way” route, new awards of over $17.4 billion in the first half of the year, follow-up on 392 regional priority projects; strong support to Chinese enterprises “outline”, cumulative support to projects
Two hundred and thirty-four, with financing of $164.4 billion; (2) in 2015, the Central Bank of Overseas Commercial Banks completed the settlement of the cross-border renminbi of $246 trillion: in the first half of 2016, the clearance of the cross-border renminbi of $1,519 trillion was completed, an increase of 1.45 per cent over the same period; and (3) China and China actively expanded the South-East Asian market.
Hong Kong successfully acquired the central bank of Thailand, the middle bank of Malaysia, the Jakarta branch of Indonesia and the Phnom Penh branch of Cambodia, and was granted the opening of branches in Brunei, gradually moving from city to regional banks
Figure 6: Cross-border liquidation of China-China renminbi benefits from the internationalization and consolidation of business, with companies having a better income structure than their counterparts
Insurance, fund management, financial leasing, consumer finance, etc. Companies, through integrated layouts, deeper business linkages, accelerate the drive for cross-marketing and product innovation, increase group synergies, provide comprehensive and quality comprehensive financial services to clients, and give added impetus to the rapid growth of companies.
Medium non-interest income as a percentage of non-interest income continued to be high, with non-interest income as a percentage of insurance in 2013-2015 at about 30 per cent; middle non-interest income as a result of commercial bank sales in the South Ocean increased significantly in 2016, and middle income as a result of non-interest income in the first three quarters of 2016 was $139.3 billion, a year-on-year increase
26.04 per cent of non-interest income accounted for 37.73 per cent of operating income, an increase of 6.76 percentage points over the same period. After excluding the return on investment from the commercial bank of the South Ocean, the middle bank realized a non-interest income of approximately $111.1 billion, an increase of 0.55 per cent, or about 32.6 per cent of operating income, and remained at a higher rating level.
Beginning in the second half of 2015, the company ' s bad rate stabilized, the negative rate increased less than the bid, and the poor rate was lower in the bid, and the ratio of interest-type loans was on the upward path, but absolute level one.
At the end of the third quarter of 2016, the middle-performing loan rate was 1.48 per cent, an increase of only 1 bp over the end of the last quarter, and the measured poor annualization of the first quarter of the third quarter.
▪ The provision coverage of companies starting in mid-2016 has begun to pick up in the event of a decline in bid lines. The pressure on lending costs has also been milder.
Figure 13: Percentage of loans of concern to middle-lines is lower than the corresponding rows Figure 12: loans of concern to middle-lines are on the upscaling route Figure 14: Downwards of non-performing loans generated by middle-quarters
Central Bank provision coverage is second only to the industry in the labels. Broad internationalization strategy is the “one-way” and the renminbi is the most beneficial sector; Internationalization has significantly increased its profit contribution, leading international business and good corporate development; and China has a large number of countries.
The meta-financial strategy is steadily moving forward, with revenue structures superior to those of peers, cross-marketing, and synergetic development adding dynamism to the company’s development; the company’s asset quality is better than the label, and the provision is less pressured than the label. But the company’s interest differentials are weaker than the bid, and we give the company an increased investment rating for the time being.
The economy continues to decline, credit risks continue to erupt; market systemic risks; corporate business risks, etc. Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market
After the average calculation, the final rating is obtained as an average market investment The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the enterprise's fundamentals and assesses the results of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry in which it is located.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.