The performance was in line with expectations, with a high growth rate for the zero-carbon operation of 2019, with a return net profit of 11,287 million yuan, or 4.2 per cent, and a return net profit of 1,421 million yuan, with a return net profit of +10 per cent.
In the case of zero operations, against the backdrop of a decline in the traditional car market and a slowdown in the growth of the new-energy automobile industry,
In 2019, $1.651 billion was collected, compared to +15.3 per cent, and the Māori rate was 30.6 per cent, compared to +1.3 pct. In 2020, the new energy vehicle subsidy was good and the future new energy vehicle subsidy was reduced by a relatively small amount.
Suppliers, products like valves, pumps, etc. with Tesla, the general public, BMW, Mercedes, General, Upload, etc. Mainstream car manufacturers. Single-car stock breaks up, company orders exceed $15 billion, are expected to be released gradually from 2020, guaranteeing company performance for the next 2-3 years. At the same time, companies focus on BMW.
Strategic projects such as chiller aggregates and gm heat pump systems, frontier areas of deep-farm heat management systems, with the prospect of moving from parts and components suppliers to integrated product suppliers through technology accumulation in the future. 2) In refrigeration operations, the white power market was low in 2019, and according to NSO data, 2019
The annual sales of 210 million air conditioners have slowed down between 9.5 and 6.1% of the company’s refrigeration operations, and the new air conditioner energy efficiency regulations were introduced on 1 July of the year, with a total withdrawal from the market by 2022. The three flowers are the global refrigerants, with four-trend valves, cut-off valves, and electronic expansion valves at the world’s highest level in the long run.
See, the trend towards energy efficiency in air conditioners will lead to higher output of energy-efficient products, such as electronic expansion valves. Equity incentives will guarantee higher levels of profitability.
Performance meets expectations, Refrigeration and Zero double-wheel drive 2019-04-02 Performance against expectations, Zero fast growth
Performance is largely in line with expectations. Refrigeration and zero steam drive.