3x10 q1 performance meets expectations and new energy orders become strong growth points — 3x19 annual report and 1x20 report.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 35.67 per cent. In 2020, q1 earned $2.48 billion, a decline of 10.7 per cent, a net return to the mother of $210 million, a decline of 18.3 per cent, an improvement in the structure of the main battalion, and a double-wheel drive of q4 performance in refrigeration and steam zero operations.
This is mainly due to a significant increase in the e-inflation valve ratio of high-origin products. We believe that the cooling and zero industry upgrades have led to good corporate performance: 1) The refrigeration industry customizes Māori production with a high operating income of 96.37 billion yuan, an increase of 2.48 per cent, and a net profit of 1,129 million yuan, an increase of 9.60 per cent; 2)
The zero operations benefited from the company ' s new energy orders, which gradually landed to generate operating income of $1.651 billion, an increase of 15.27 per cent over the same period, net profits of $292 million, an increase of 11.43 per cent over the same period. The cost of the company ' s period in 2019 increased by 10.75 per cent over the same period, and the cost of sales, administration and finance changed by 10.61 per cent over the same period.
R & D input in the direction of integration of frequency control technologies and systems, more advanced application of layout heat management components and subsystems in the area of motor vehicles, with 21.7 per cent increase in R & D costs and 17.4 per cent increase in patent numbers.
Epidemic impacts q1 performance, but does not affect corporate profitability Assessment: 2019 performance exceeded expectations and zero heat management orders continued to grow*
q1 was affected by the epidemic and a loss of settlement caused by financial market fluctuations, resulting in a short-term decline of 10.7 per cent, but the company ' s q1 Māori ratio rose by 26.5 per cent over the same period.
The next city, where new energy is ordered over 10 billion * cars and auto parts* has a clear competitive advantage in heat-management products with e-inflation valves at their core: 1) into Tess.
Stripping the industry, March 2020, nationalized model3 sales increased by 11927 inversely. 2) Signing with the entire international fleet of people, Daimler, BMW, Volvo, Audi, psa, Jaguar and Lugger.
More than 10 billion new energy orders have been ordered, and the main domestic customers are Gilly, Biadey, Uplift, and so on. We anticipate that the epidemic will not be controlled as expected, that cars will not be sold as expected, that the heat management system will not be able to penetrate as expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.