The Sini Shan Convergence reports the reasons for this: the annual report, the quarterly reviews.
In the field of deep-cultivated heat management, the growth of the harvest is stable. The company published its annual report in 2019, which generated $11,287 million, an increase of 4.17 per cent, \triangleright.
The net return to the mother was 1,421 million yuan, an increase of 9.97 per cent over the previous year, and the company ' s annual report for 2020, which resulted in a revenue of 2,484 million yuan, a decrease of 10.7 per cent over the same period, and a net return to the mother of 211 million yuan, a decrease of 18.29 per cent over the same period.
In 2019, the auto parts business grew by 15%, better than the industry as a whole. In 2019, in the context of the downside of the automobile \triangleright market, corporate order companies achieved a higher rate of increase in spare parts and a Māori rate.
30.64 per cent, or an increase of 1.26 pct over the same period. The result is a decrease of 10.7 per cent in the year-on-year rate, mainly due to a loss of $783.33 million in the premium on the original material futures hedging, which is considered to be a quarter better than the industry's overhauling of the new energy heat management area and the supply of mainstream car manufacturers.
Highest/lowest in the year: Tesla, the general population, BMW, Mercedes, General, Upload, Biade, etc., in hand order a share/total share capital (billions):
Big. On December 13, 2019, Triple Zero was identified as the two main German BMW platforms with market value (billions): clar/faar-we suppliers, of which the Etxv project was a global exclusive supply, the Chiller+exv project
According to China's exclusive supply, sales over the life cycle totalled about 600 million yuan yuan, and the basic data on the vehicle model were: 31 December 2019, refrigeration units, such as air conditioners, remained high in Maori and value added. The air-conditioning industry was in debt in 2019.
\triangleright, the company has managed to achieve a more stable growth of $9.64 billion by restructuring its products. The same-year increase of 2.5%, the Māori rate increases by 1 pct. As energy efficiency standards gradually rise, the public will continue to do so.
But, overall, new energy sources are empty this year, free of purchase taxes, subsidies are extended, and corporate revenues are more stable. The subsidy policy of April 23, which has landed on a smaller slope, will help to stabilize new-energy car sales and benefit from new-energy car zeros.
With Teslamodel3’s constant price reduction and nationalization, companies are expected to benefit. The company’s product mix is rich, with more than 10 billion orders and a certain level of guarantee for international car manufacturers.
However, considering that more than half of the company's income comes from overseas and is affected by the epidemic, China is in the city of Beijing.
The company had the possibility of a fall in revenue in the second quarter of the year, with pss projected to be 7 floors of intercentres in 2020/2011 and Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., respectively.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, and will not do, because I didn't do it.
I undertake not to use the information available in my identity, position and practice for personal gain or for the benefit of others.