Performance meets expectations, with a net profit of $821 million after \triangleright deduction, an increase of 77,71 per cent over the previous year; net operating cash flow of $842 million, same
This represents an increase of 91.86 per cent. Autopilot products continue to be produced, and operations are expected to continue. \triangleright autopilots \triangleright during the reporting period
A total of 1,387 million yuan was achieved, a 95 per cent increase in the same year, and behind the higher performance, products were clearly cut off. Sensors: more than 10 million cameras per year, adas cameras have been identified in multiple cars, 77ghz mm waves have been scaled up and the development of a new generation of k2 ultrasound radar has been completed.
Designed; 5g and v2x products delivered domestically for the first time; controllers: ipu01 sales in excess of a million units; ipu02 has been targeted by multiple car factories and delivered in quantities by the end of 21; ipu03 at p7, p5 large-scale supply; ipu04 has obtained multiple orders containing traditional autonomous brands such as upper steam, ideal, high-consistency
The price of the smart cabin has risen, and the company has gained a significant advantage. According to the car house's projections, the penetration rate of the car-borne entertainment system will be 92% from 2021 to 2025, and we expect the company to have a smart cabin.
Business will continue to accelerate and extend from mid-to-high to lower-middle-to-low-end models, covering more models. Meanwhile, according to China Industry Information Network data, the value of the smart cabin monolith has risen from around $1,500 to $9,000 to the right, and its value is increasing.
In the reporting period, the company’s smart cabin operations generated $7,893 million in operating income.
1. In-depth study by Desaicway (002920): Autonomous wisdom increased by 33.52 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Of this, the scale of large screen product operations has increased rapidly, showing that modules and systems operations are connected online, with three wheels driving gold opportunities (correction)
Over 100 per cent increase in the size of the harvest, LCD operations continue to climb, and multiple mainframe projects are targeted.
The company ' s overall Māori rate rose significantly in 2021, depending on the size and supply chain capacity of high Māori-rate products.
Quarterly reviews: continued strong growth in the quarter, smart networks The overall Māori rate of driving operations rose rapidly to 20.78 per cent, an increase of 9.94 pct compared to the previous year; at the cost end, it opened up room for future growth
In the context of the lack of cores and the rise in raw materials, companies responded to the volatility of the supply market by actively laying out and substantially purchasing raw materials for the year 2020, which, according to the annual report, had a residual value of $2.03 billion at the end of the period, up from the beginning of the period.
The pre-performance announcement points out that profits are growing at a very high rate throughout the year, and that there is an 85% tendency to embrace smart web connectivity. Thus, even though industry influences continue, the Māori rate of corporate products is still on the rise, and it is still on the rise.
24.60 per cent, or 1.21 pct, over the same period. We expect that, on the basis of positive company readiness, the Māori ratio of corporate products may continue to increase as the core deficit slows down and ipu03/04 continues to grow. \triangleright
A “recommended” rating is maintained in view of the advantages of a cabin and a smart driving card. \triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. \The study clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.