On 15th of April 2022, performance grew rapidly, with a clear advantage in intelligent driving.
In 2021, the company achieved an operating income of $9,569 million, or 40.75 per cent.
Billion dollars, 94.78 per cent more than the previous year; Internet services and others, $289 million more than the same year, and one pop -- the general public, the upper public, the toyota, the Toyota, the Great Wall, the Gilly, the Big Car, the Biadi, the Chiri, the Upper Car Group, the Red Flag, the Chang An Car, the Toyota.
Thinking of the core platform project orders of a lot of mainstream car companies like cars, pelicans, and getting annualized sales of over $12 billion in new project orders, over 80 percent of the year, out of history, intelligent driving products, big screen class products, and smart space controllers up fast.
In 2021, the company achieved a net return profit of $833 million, an increase of 60.75 per cent in comparison with the corresponding increase of 60.75 per cent; and realized the non-reclusion of deductions from the In-depth Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation, Research-Desessive (0029220.sz)
For billions of yuan, R & D personnel reached 2,257 persons, or 42.25 per cent; the new Shenzhen, Guangzhou R & D Division, reported: the head of the smart cabin, hugging the smart driver, the landing of the Weimar base in Germany; and the official launch of the new Green Smart Plant Huehnan Industrial Park in 2021.
Smart driving has taken the lead, with a new generation of domain controllers receiving a number of project fixes.
In terms of the Sensor 2021.12.11, the cumulative output of camera products is more than 10 million per year, and the smart driver cameras have more than a dozen stationary locations; 77ghz mm wave radars have been scaled up on multiple national mainstream models.
Production; development of a new generation of k2 ultrasound radars and the development of key devices and related investment layouts for the army of Geng; 5g and v2x products achieved their first domestic volumes in the joint venture brand client project
In the case of smart-driving domain controllers, companies sell more than a million products annually; the new generation of light-weighted smart-driving platforms acquire multiple mainstream autonomous brands and a joint venture project.
The company is one of the leading mobile technology companies in the world and is committed to becoming a leader in future change.
In the context of the major changes in the automobile industry, there is much room for companies to grow. Forecasting the high state of the company's track 2022 and recent market valuation adjustments, a small readjustment company experienced a new coronary pneumonia epidemic in 2022: macroeconomic environment and industry risks: human resource risks: technology research and development winds.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.