Good performance, car e-orders out of history.
The same-year increase of 40.75 per cent, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 833 million yuan, the same-year increase of 60.75 per cent, the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 821 million yuan, the same-year increase of 1 billion yuan, the same-year increase of 30.61 per cent.
Billion dollars, 33.52 per cent more than the previous year, smart drivers achieving business income of $1,387 million, higher than the previous year.
More than $4 billion alone, orders such as smart driving, big-screen cabin products and domain controllers have been rapidly raised. In 2021, even in the face of a lack of cores and rising prices of upstream raw materials, the company’s car electronics industry achieved a Māori rate of 24.60 per cent, an increase of 1.21 pct compared to the previous year.
And the increase in the Māori rate of smart driving, by 0.43 ptt and 9.94 ptt, respectively, highlights the firm's strength, its benefits from the development of smart network cars, its multiple products such as smart cabins, smart driving and domain controllers, which are expected to contribute to a sustained performance growth point: the company's C-Net car growth track will be fully embraced.
In the case of smart cabins, the second generation of airspace controllers has been scaled up and the third generation of cabin products has been targeted by a number of mainstream autonomous brand clients, such as the Great Wall, the Broadway Eyan, the Chirre, the ideal car, and so on.
Integration of multi-dimensional interactions with the fourth-generation smart module system developed jointly with Hightower to support diversity of intelligence and landscape models is expected to gain greater client approval; in intelligent driving, companies have full-scale self-research solutions ranging from smart sensors to smart-driving domain controllers and related algorithms, and look around.
The first generation of high-calculus autopilots, the first generation of high-calculators, the first generation of large-scale production from P7 and P5 vehicles, and the new generation of high-calculable auto-pilot controllers based on the microchips of the British Weldaorin series, have been supplied in bulk.
The station has been targeted by traditional and autonomous brand clients and new drivers, and will later become the public sector, the three major performance orders for services will be rapidly raised, maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Risk factors: Car sales are below expectations and smart network operations are not expanding as expected.