iii Desailawe (002920.sz)
A season of excellent performance will benefit from faster growth in automobile intelligence and higher rates of growth in both revenue and net profits, in line with market expectations.
Quarterly paper 2022q1, q1, with a revenue of 3.140 billion yuan, compared with +53.9 per cent, ring ratio - 3.8 per cent; net profit of 3.2 billion yuan, compared with +39.2 per cent, ring margin - 6.9 per cent; net profit of $310 million from non-return of mothers, compared with +38.0 per cent, ring ratio - 9.7 per cent and net profit of more than 30 per cent, with a higher increase of more than 30 per cent,
Cost rates continued to decline, while Māori rates and net interest rates declined as a result of higher prices of upstream raw materials. \triangleright o1’s net profit deductions increased less rapidly than harvests, owing to a slight decline in Māori rates and net interest rates (Māori rate)
Market data: As a result of April 29, 2022. Since 2021 q4, the upstream raw materials such as copper, aluminium, rubber and plastics have increased significantly, and have continued to date year q1, resulting in higher costs for corporate products.
Prices have declined by a certain amount, which will facilitate the recovery of the overall Māori rate and net interest rate of the company.The company’s cost rate has continued to decline, with sales/management/R & D/financial costs of q1 at 1.8 per cent/ 2.3 per cent/8.8 per cent/-0.1 per cent, overall cost ratio ring-2.2 pct, with considerable control capacity.
The company has broken through such important new customers as Lutus, stellentis (Psa and fca joint venture), and the company has been able to create a new, more efficient, and more efficient, infrastructure for the company.
This report is presented with an attitude, independence, and objectivity. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I do not, for any reason, nor will I receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.