The leadership of the high-performing re-innovation industry is evident — the 2021 and 2022 1st editions of the De-Cercivius newspaper 0029220.sz. The 2021 and 2022st editions of the De-Cercivic report, the high performance of the re-innovation and the strong leadership of the industry.
In 2021, the company achieved an operating income of 9,569 million yuan, an increase of 40.75 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 833 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 60.75 per cent over the same period. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved an operating income of 3,142 million yuan, an increase of 53.86 per cent over the same period, a net profit of 318 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
Cao Xute Lu Woo Feng Desaiway focuses on the three main areas of smart cabins, smart driving, and network service.
Mainstream clients are breaking out, and core client groups include mainstream foreign investment, autonomous branding, and new power in head-making. New project orders with annual sales of over $12 billion were awarded in 2021, with an increase of over 80% over the same year, breaking the historic high, and orders for smart-drive products, large-screened-barrel products, and smart-barrel controllers rose rapidly.
In 2021, companies invested nearly $1 billion in R & D, with R & D rates remaining above 10%, R & D numbers increasing on a year-to-year basis, with a decline of only 3.8% in the ring relative to the rise in raw materials and the adverse effects of the epidemic, and M & A rates of 23.96% remain high above market expectations.
The company’s multiscreen integration of its cabin products and its airspace controllers has increased rapidly, the second generation of its airspace controllers has been scaled up, and the third generation of its products has been identified by a number of mainstream and autonomous brand clients. In collaboration with Hightower, the fourth generation dragon-based module platform has been developed to build a fourth generation of Desaiway’s intelligent cabin system.
The business scale of the corporate information and entertainment system ' s large-scale screen products has increased rapidly, showing that the size of the modules and systems operations has maintained a growth rate of over 100 per cent and that the size of the new orders has been re-innovated.
This represents an increase of 94.78 per cent, or 14.5 per cent, in total revenue, an increase of 4.02 pct. The increase in the Māori ratio is clear, with an increase of 9.94 pct to 20.78 per cent in the same year. Smart driving products receive new project orders with annual sales of more than $4 billion. Camera product 2021 accumulates more than 10 million. 77ghz mm wave radars are available.
The volume of t-box and smart antenna products has grown rapidly with the spread of the 5g network. Environment and parking system products have been delivered in bulk to a large number of mainstream companies in the country, with over a million annual sales.
A new generation of light-weight smart driving platforms has achieved the production of memory-based parking products. The company’s high-calculable automatic driving domain controllers have a clear pre-eminence, the most beneficial indicator of the domestic share of the British Weida chip, ipu03 has taken the lead in large-scale production on the p7 and p5 models of the p7 and p5 vehicles, with high sales in 2021.
“Desessive Research: Innovating Brains: 68,000, ipu04 based on the British Weidelstein series of chips, has acquired a large number of traditional and autonomous branders, senior car intelligence players” 2022-01-23.
New household and car-making forces are targeted and will be produced in 2022 as a fast-growing network service for corporate smart driving: companies are determined to explore new software-driven business models and have achieved full-scale service products such as ota, network security, blue whales terminal software, smart access, cabin wardens, information security, etc.
Car intelligence penetration is not as high as expected, company customers are selling less than expected, high-level autopilots fall short of expectations, industry competition patterns change, chips are short, and the epidemic is under control. My research view is that any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There are market risks, and investors are determined to be legally qualified firms for portfolio investment advice. The funders should not simply rely on this report as a substitute for their own independent judgement, and should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks.