The company published its annual report 2021 and achieved high-quality and rapid growth in its performance.
The company published its annual 2021 report, which achieved an annual income of $9,569 million in 2021, an increase of 40.75 per cent over the same year; realized a net profit of $833 million, an increase of 60.75 per cent over the same year; achieved a net profit of $821 million, an increase in the number of digits added to the shortage of chips and the outbreak disturbance, and managed the wave of smart cars to achieve performance.
We adjust our corporate performance expectations based on the annual report, the rapid growth of smart cabins and autopilots, the further improvement of profitability, the combination of smart cabins and smart driving operations, and increasing profitability.
Revenues of $7,893 million, an increase of 33.52 per cent, and Māori rates of 24.45 per cent, an increase of 0.43 per cent. Corporate co-location of cabin products and airspace controllers has grown considerably, and products have evolved, building a fourth-generation system based on their latest chip platform in cooperation with High Telecommunication. Smart driving has generated revenue of $1,387 million, an increase of the same amount.
94.78 per cent; Māori 20.78 per cent, an increase of 9.94 pct over the same period. The high and growing variety of sensors is increasingly rich. The domain controllers are well-equipped, with a multimillion annual sales of round-the-clock and parking products, and the production of lightweight smart driving platforms begins to be marketed, while the high-value ipu03 product, ipu03, has already delivered small p7 and p5, in two batches.
The overall Māori promotion rate for large-scale businesses has increased by 1.22 pct to 24.60 per cent. Ten billion orders have been held, car electronics have been up and running, and the company has become a well-deserved local dragon in the smart core of smart cars, smart driving plates.
Head. In 2021, the company received more than $12 billion in orders, which increased by more than 80 per cent in comparison with the previous year, with smart drivers receiving more than $4 billion in orders, auto-pilot domain controllers, ipu04 with the British Weddarin series of chips, and ipu02 with the Texas instrument tda4 chips, which received a number of fixed points and will be pushed.
In addition, companies have developed and developed in the area of cross-domain integrated domain controllers and smart car domain control platforms. In the new era of smart car markets, companies are taking a leap forward.
Smart car leads with industrial dividends - Small and Medium Disk Information Update - Equity Incentives Granted,