DESSESSEVY (0029220): Smart driving.
On April 15th, Desai Siwi published the 2021 annual report, where the company realized a year-round collection, a net profit for the mother, and the seizure of the company, one of the world's leading car electronics companies, focused on smart cabins, smart driving and car connection technology.
For competitive product solutions and services, the company's main products include car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, air conditioning controllers, display modules and systems, etc.
The order is full, the collection structure is optimized. It benefits from a global recovery in automobile sales and accelerated car intelligence, and the company optimizes year by year as the home Tier 1 flagship client structure, breaking the 21-year mark.
New clients like brands, pastellantis, etc., receive core platform orders from mainstream firms like the general public, Toyota, and achieve coverage of mainstream foreign firms and new drivers of car construction. The new company orders are sold annually over the year.
The product is gradually arriving and, as product rotation and the trend towards the integration of domain controllers evolves, the component ' s total equity/distributiona share (in millions) will either continue to rise at full cost; the intellectuals have taken a leading position in the industry, looking around the parking system.
In the early years of the industry, companies have been able to strengthen their leadership position by binding and pre-empting British Weida, which has led to more than a million sales of products in bulk, and the lightweight intellectual platform, which has been identified by many brand projects.
This part of the business may gradually become the main driver of the growth in corporate revenue; the Public Division of the High Māori Network for Business launched a new generation of intelligent cabin interactive systems, Blue Whale 4.0 in 21 years, reflecting the high increase in business as evidenced by the logic of corporate software-driven business models, which has gradually proven to be evidence of a new growth curve.
Profit growth is bright, cash returns are strong. The Māori ratio for corporate cabins, smart drivers, and network operations is 24.45%, respectively, and the company can still improve its profitability, thanks to both upstream price increases, the new crown epidemic, which we consider to have benefited mainly from the location of high-end (third generation) cabin products and the company ' s size advantages, negotiations, etc.
The company’s net interest rate level of 8.69% (+1.07 nt) is still high, and its profitability is impressive. At the same time, the net cash flow from its operations amounts to $843 million, which is higher than the net return-to-mother profit.
The company ' s inventory at the end of the year 21 amounted to 2,035 million yuan (+84.81 per cent) and, in the current highly volatile upstream supply situation and with sufficient hand orders, the company ' s pre-stocking helped to iron future price fluctuations and ensure stable production.
There's a reasonable increase in stock. The cabins and the intellectuals are promising, the pattern is uncertain, and Desai is expected to break out.
The penetration of smart car electronics is increasing, while the smartness, multiscreening, and big screens of the cabin are gradually driving car electronics up the value of their bicycles. The new trend is to bring new variables to the pattern of smart coaches and smart drivers.
In the modern age of intelligence, Desai is expected to build on the fact that the country’s top troupe, Tier 1, de Cecives, and others, have taken the lead in terms of their power in areas such as information and entertainment systems, LCDs, etc., through which Desai is expected to continue to expand its strengths through pre-emptive advantage, technological accumulation, customer experience, etc.
The four main forces of the East are fighting for the best way to improve their own product lines, relying on sound cooperation with their clients, while at the same time serving as the domestic tierl's leader, working to improve their own product lines through in-depth management of British Weida's products.
Development eco-systems are built through deep upstream and downstream collaboration in the industrial chain, which is expected to capture opportunities in the car intelligence age Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies as domestic tierl leaders, high-end transformation outcomes, medium-term growth with rapid industrial growth, and companies are expected to build on pre-eminence and technology in the long term
The impact of the epidemic, among other things, has led to fluctuations in the upstream supply of companies and downstream demand and increased competition in the industry.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
DESSEWAY (002920): Smart driving has increased profit and the epidemic has not changed.
Research assistant profile Zhang Young-ja
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.