Dexahway computer. Smart driving has increased, 12 billion orders have been re-invented. Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company released its 2021st annual report, which resulted in an increase of RMB 9.57 billion, or 40.8 per cent in comparison, and a net gain of RMB 830 million, or 60.8 per cent in relation to the same period, of which the q4 quarter recorded a gain of RMB 3.27 billion, or 30.6 per cent, or RMB 340 million, or 70.9 per cent in relation to the same period.
In 2021, the company ' s smart cabin business rose rapidly in volume of orders for driving products, large screens products and smart space controllers. In 2021, the firm ' s gross interest rate was 24.6 per cent, 1.2 pp, 8.7 per cent net, 1.1 per cent higher than in 2021.
The technological advantage of entering R & D has been maintained, with R & D spending of 980 million yuan a year-on-year increase of 39.4 per cent, R & D cost of 10.1 per cent, sales cost of 2.4 per cent, and management cost of 2.8 per cent.
The number of core platform project orders from mainstream car companies such as Volkswagen Toyota, Ideas and Little Peng has been annualized, with new project orders with sales of over $12 billion, which have grown by more than 80 per cent over the same year, and have gone beyond history, with intellectuals driving products receiving new project orders with annual sales of over $4 billion.
Smart drivers, smart pods, and a promising network of services. Smart domain controllers on all sides, companies have been supplied in bulk to a large number of mainstream companies in the country, selling more than a million packages a year.
The company's high-level autopilot control product – ipu04 – based on the British Weldaorin chip, which achieves class 1-4 functions, has acquired multiple project locations including traditional autonomous brands and new car-making forces. In smart cabins, multiscreen integration of cabin products and fast-tracked cabin controllers.
In addition, the second generation of space controllers has been scaled up, third generation products have been targeted for projects in the Great Wall, Hiroshima, Chirray, Rhodes, etc. The fourth generation platform has entered into strategic collaboration with high-tone thong thongs. In addition, it shows a growth of over 100% in the volume of modules, breaking through white-point clients such as the East Wind Nitrogen and Little Ping.
Desaichevy (002920): q3 profits are back on track, and companies are rolling out the entire car class of ota, network security, blue whales OS 4.0 terminal software, and they're getting the missing core price up without changing the intelligent trend.
There is an urgent need for a number of customer orders, such as those for the general public, Chang Anfort, Hiroshima, Toyota and UGC. (2021-10-29) There is an explosion in intelligent driving (2021-08-24)
For the next three years, the net return profit will be maintained at a compound growth rate of 32.8 per cent, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. 5g networked operations drive slow risk; new product development is hampered and replication is not as high as expected; and Nose will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.