Two main reasons drive the higher performance expectations, and the outlook remains optimistic: company reports 2022q1 quarterly: 3,142 million yuan in operating income achieved during the period, 53.86 per cent more than in the same period; net profit on return, 318 million yuan, 39.22 per cent more than in the same period; net profit on deductions, 39.22 per cent more than in the same period.
308 million yuan, or 37.96 per cent more than the previous year; 0.46 dollars net operating cash flow, or 124.39 per cent more than the previous year. Performance is higher than expected.
In absolute terms, revenue collection has also reached historical peaks; q1 by ring, under the influence of the epidemic + lack core + spring festival, has led to a sharp decline in the country ' s passenger vehicle production ring from 2021q4 to -18.59 per cent, while the company ' s income ring ratio has dropped significantly less than the industry average, reflecting a significant alpha attribute;
Millions of dollars, an increase of 69.61% in the same year, and the company’s ability to maintain relative stability in net interest rates based on the continuation of high input + missing core effects, which is also beyond the market’s general expectations. Two main reasons drive the higher-than-expected performance, and the higher-than-expected outlook remains optimistic.
Two points: 1) Income end - cabin growth has been steady and self-driving has increased. Among them, ipu01 is supplied on a large scale at p7, p5, whereas p7 delivery is consistently innovative, according to the official statistics of Ping, and p5 sales have remained stable overall (total sales of 10486 in the first quarter), despite a slight decline in the ring ratio in January/February.
The contribution is evident in the 2021 Annual Report Review of Dessehweig: performance is as expected and self-driving is growing at a high rate of around $200 million; 2) Cost-side - the Māori ratio of products is stable, depending on supply chain capacity.
2. In-depth research by Dessahway: Autonomous Intelligence Network, three-wheel-drive gold opportunities (correction) We believe that, in the global absence of cores, the mainframe plant is either going to value the stability of the supply of the product.
3. In-depth research by Dessahway: Autonomous wisdom, i.e. the ability to protect, and the company, in response to fluctuations in the supply market, has actively laid out and purchased raw materials in order to be able to take advantage of the network, with three wheels driving gold opportunities.
In terms of risk, according to the 21-year report, the value of the company's inventory at the end of the period was $2.03 billion, a forward-looking pattern of growth from the beginning, and that is why the company's Māori ratio is “stand-down”. Looking ahead, we decided that the cabin would continue to grow steadily, with driving information showing a business contribution or will be relatively visible, and so on.
The ipu01 is growing steadily, ipu02/ipu03 is going to make a further breakthrough, ipu04 is expected to achieve bulk delivery in the course of the year, and according to our projections, the company is conservatively expected to earn more than $3 billion per year. The advantages of a cabin, a smart driving card position are evident, so the “recommended” rating is maintained.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.