The fall in the price of aluminium has affected the company's profits by looking at the company's long-term green aluminum price and the report of the incident by the company's shares in the U.S. Aluminium (000807.sz)  the drop in production + the fall in the price of the company's profits and the price of aluminium oxide raw materials.
Quantities: In Yunnan, the output of the company’s main products decreased. In 2023, the company produced 78.35 million tons of carbon products, i.e. 4.92% of the year. The decline in the production of the main products was due to the implementation of two rounds of energy in Yunnan Province in the first and fourth quarters of 2023.
Efficiency management reduces the power load and has a certain impact on the company ' s output of electrolytic aluminium. Prices: electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide prices are very marginal. Annually, in 2023, the Chinese market for a00 aluminium was on average $18702 per ton, compared to 6.43 per cent, and aluminium oxide was on average.
3120 yuan per ton, equal to 4.03%, with a precipitous anode price of 5378 yuan per ton, same to Le: the cost of aluminium oxide is high and the profits of the electrolytic aluminium industry are eroded.
Mobil and smm data, the average profit in the electrolytic aluminium industry in 2023 is 2213 yuan/tonne, same as the recovery, and the second half of the year's production is expected to be repaired - 16.76%. The cost of aluminium oxide in February was 39.68% of the full cost of electrolytic aluminium.
Aluminium oxides are subject to a very high price margin and electricity and other supplements are largely stable, so the cost of aluminium is higher than the average domestic cost of electrolytic aluminium in February, and the erosion industry. The strike in Guinea on 26 February of this year resulted in the expected tightening of the supply of bauxite, resulting in oxygen.
The impact of this strike, which took only three days to reach the pause, has been limited. The distributed photovoltaic power project has accelerated and continued to expand green power.
In 2023, new projects, such as new graphite materials from the company ' s aluminum sources, were brought to fruition; and in collaboration with specialized electricity companies, plants were invested in by power generation companies.
Intra-region distributed photovoltaic power projects accelerated by completing the construction of eight plant-based photovoltaic projects, namely, alumina spilling, alumina lubricant and aluminum seagulls, with photovoltaic hair and a cumulative capacity of 216 megawatts, further expanding the company ' s green power security.
Given the company's continuous deployment of green power projects, forward cost advantages are expected to become apparent, adding up to the recent high aluminium prices, and we appreciate the recovery in corporate profitability this year, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating.
1) Risk of production restriction of electrolytic aluminium; 2) Risk of price decline of electrolytic aluminium; 3) Risk of significant cost escalation; 4) Lower demand than expected; 5) No pace of resumption of production as anticipated
Maestro, Business Strategy and six years of new energy research experience: Duffy: a member of the Central Carbon Research Group, Bachelor of Science, Nakayama University, Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, three years of major commodity research experience, responsible for research on colour and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.