Tail cement (600585.sh): At the bottom of history, Tail cement is used mainly in cement, clinker, bone materials, etc.
This is a 30.37 per cent decrease; the net profit attributable to the owner of the parent company is 3,326 million yuan, which is a decline in the production and sale of materials, and the production of cement clinker is the second largest in the country.
In 2024, the country’s cement industry needed to be depressed, with a cumulative production of 851 million tons in the first half of the year, a 10% decline in the same year.
The same-year decline of 21.58%. Business income also fell sharply in the first half of the year, after a double drop in volume prices, with the largest decline in 25 years. Cost fell by $35.82, raw materials, fuel and power, labour costs, etc., but as a result of the company’s decline
The company, as a leader in the cement industry, has a size and cost advantage that allows it to maintain a certain surplus in a low industry environment.
Large-scale purchases, process-specific management, and information and intelligence-building, with continuous downscaling. And differential marketing and the consolidation of large customer relationships open up markets and secure market shares. Under the conch model, corporate resources, technology, talent, finance and market advantages are prominent, optimizing governance on the central government supply side.
As a result of this policy, the company has built up its capacity at the bottom of the industry, waiting for a new balance between supply and demand after the industry’s supply ends has been optimized, and the elasticity of performance brought about by the increase in the company’s market share. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to be owned by its parent in 2024-2026, respectively.
The company, as a leader in the industry, has a strong risk-resilient, combined advantage, maintaining the company's “very recommended” source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, conch cement (600585.sh): the historical bottom continues to hold, waiting to be improved.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, conch cement (600585.sh): The bottom of history continues to build up, waiting to be improved.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is Zhao's own research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.