Building materials cement - performance against expectations, configuration value supported by dcf valuations
Liu Xiaoning's low demand in the industry has led to a decline in revenue and profits in the first half of the year. The cement business continues to be under pressure. In the first half of the year, as a result of the persistently low start of domestic real estate and the indebtedness of some parts of the country, the country's lower downstream demand for cement and the national production of 850 million tons of cement decreased by 10.0 per cent.
Market competition is exacerbated by the increase in supply and demand. 2024h1 company sales of cement clinker self-products amounted to 126 million tons, a decline of 3.35 per cent in the same year; revenue from product sales of $33.579 billion, a decrease of 20.82 per cent in the same year; revenue from product sales of $25.853 billion, a decrease of $66 in the same year, a decline of $240 in the combined tons of cement and clinker of 2024h1 company; and a cost of $188 tons, a decrease of $188 in the same year.
The company continued to develop its non-cement business, with 2,191 million dollars in bone and mechanism sand revenues and a configuration value under the dcf valuation. As the pressure on the cement industry became greater, the “competing” trend re-emerged, leading to a market-to-business appreciation.
According to our previous in-depth reports, the market value of the current market value is configurable compared to the value inherent in the dcf valuation method under the industry-wide fully competitive pattern assumption. We believe that the discount in the current market is mainly due to the company ' s strategic consideration of maintaining a large amount of cash in hand for a long time (about 67.8 billion dollars as of the end of q2 currency), but it is not.
In our judgement, conch cement has an implicit dividend rate of almost 4%, and in the context of the market value assessment of China’s companies, the probability of cash-sharing is improved and the company’s reasonable market value is expected to close to the price of dcf. The points accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the label securities and issuers.
Such a report shall be produced in an objective manner and without any part of my remuneration having been, or being directly or indirectly linked to, the specific investment opinions or opinions expressed in this report.