Building materials cement, China Source Certificates
12/07/2024 - Industry does not change the value of the company's configuration, with a security margin under the dcf valuation: company reports in the first quarter of 2024 and company revenues in the first quarter of 2024 amounted to approximately $21.328 billion, a decline in the same year
Liu Xiaoning's low demand in the industry has led to a fall in revenue and profit rates and higher cost rates during the quarter.
According to the digital cement network, the average price of bulk cement per quarter was $363 per ton, a decrease of $66 per ton per quarter, resulting in companies per quarter.
In terms of profitability, the Māori rate rose by 1.25 percentage points in the first quarter. The increase in Māori rate was mainly due to a decline in the share of low Māori trading operations. In addition, the cost of 9.36 per cent -0.29 percentage points in the company period in the first quarter, and the net cash flow generated by the company ' s operations in the first quarter was $160 million, a significant decrease in the same year.
94.87%, mainly as a result of a decline in operating income and profits. Cement prices are low in the season, and the dcf valuation method is sufficiently secure. In the recent past, profit pressures in the cement industry have increased.
The previous in-depth report measured that the conch dcf valuation, based on the industry-wide pattern of complete and continuous competition (like 2015), had an intrinsic value of approximately $158.6 billion, which was significantly higher than the current market value. We believe that the discounts given in the current market were mainly based on firm-based companies that considered strategic long-term retention of large amounts of cash in hand (about $66.3 billion as of q1 currency funds) but did not take place.
In our judgement, conch cement has an implicit dividend rate of almost 4%, and in the context of the market value test of the company, the probability of cash-sharing is likely to be improved, and the company’s reasonable market value is expected to be closer to the price of dcf. We believe that, under the expectations of the price base, conch cement is equivalent to a dividend stock build-up option with a configuration value.
Profit predictions and valuations: Considering that the landscape of real estate and infrastructure is lower than we had previously anticipated, our downward adjustment for the period 2024-2025 accurately reflects my personal perception of the securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and professionally, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report in an independent and objective manner, without any part of my remuneration having been equal, irrelevant or directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.