Mid 2024: Business resilience showed, non-cement and bottom-up business resilience became more apparent, and non-cement and overseas operations contributed to new growth points. (1) The company sold 126 million tons of cement and clinker products in the first half of the year, a decline of 3.4 per cent compared to 3.4 per cent.
For the same period, we measured a single ton of cement production at an average price of $240, corresponding to the same price-65; (2) cement and clinker from a gross ton of 2023h2, down by $5 from $2023h2, less than $29, less than the average price, mainly as a result of the fall in coal prices, and the cost of non-contributions to fuel and power.
Billion dollars, +30 per cent, +21 per cent respectively, compared to 23.6 per cent in the first half of the year for non-cement business contributions, +7.2 per cent in the same year. (4) Overseas construction materials revenue + 5.7 per cent, Māori rate rises in the same year, and costs are well regulated, with tons of combined net profit at the bottom of history hovering over the region.
The cost of the corresponding period for the product was $34.5, corresponding to the same ratio - $1.2, of which the compression was more evident in single tons of management costs and R & D costs, equal to $2.6/-1.3, respectively, and the net return on financial costs was the same as (ii) in the context of the overall losses in the cement industry, the company ' s cement and clinker for the first half of the year was from the tons of products.
The combined net gain is 27 yuan, the equivalent of 25 yuan, the ring is 2023h2 yuan, the combined net regress of q2 tons, the combined net ring is largely stable q1 and the cement unit is at the bottom of its history.
Net cash flows from activities amounted to $6,871 million, or +35.8 per cent, mainly as a result of the company's optimization of its asset structure and the lower balance of accounts receivable and advances compared with the beginning of the year.
In the second half of the year, the cement industry lost more than 50% of its losses, and the leading firms led the industry’s self-regulation drive.
Improved, supply-side regulation has increased significantly, and as seasonal demand recovers, conch cement (600585); the national price hub is expected to rebound for six months in 2023.
Assessment: Cement profits continue to be under pressure, the extension of the industrial chain leads to stronger constraints on the side, and medium- and short-term industrial policies are expected to strengthen self-regulation in the sector, favouring the optimization of the competitive patterns of the industry and accelerated supply-side clean-up, requiring continued observation of landing rhythms.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies display combined advantages such as cost lead in the next period, and industrial chains expand to provide new growth dynamics. The current net rate valuation of cement block markets is at the bottom of history, and as industry self-regulation improves, leading firms are expected to recover.
Three major financial forecasting tables for conch cement. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.