On March 30, 2020, Restar Medicine released its 2019 performance to achieve business income, net profit return and deduction.
The net profit on operating income and on maternity was 7,358 million yuan and 1,288 million yuan, respectively, an increase of 8.58 per cent and 81.17 per cent in the same year. q4 net profit on maternity grew faster, mainly as a result of the sale of hh assets in 2019 to confirm investment returns.
\triangleright three blocks of solid growth in income: in 2019, the manufacture and development of pharmaceutical products for the operational plate, medical instruments and medical diagnostics, in which the slower pace of growth of medical instruments and medical diagnostic plates was mainly due to the transfer of the agent "Da Vinci Surgery Robots"
In comparison with the trend of depth 300, the joint venture has regressed with a 28.5 per cent increase in the same calibre. In 2019, the company sold over a billion single products or series of preparations for a total of 35, an increase of six compared to the previous year.
Based on the above data, we believe that the three major business plates of the company remain robust, and that future listing of new varieties is expected to further strengthen the company’s business performance. The growth of endogenous business is strong: the continued increase in the profitability of Banda and Gland is the main driving force behind the company’s performance.
\triangleright 1) End-of-life operating income: Van and Gland are the main drivers of corporate performance. In 2019, Chongqing Pharmacies, Jiangsuwan, Gland and Orang Pharmaceuticals grew at 7.14%, 34.79%, 31.05% and 22.98% respectively.
The growth of gland is clearly faster than the growth of corporate income (14.72%). Chongqing Pharmacies continue to grow at a slower rate as a result of the decline in the sale of gluten from the glucose gluten, with the growth rate of 105% in Jiangsuwan and 113% in Pitata.
Gland, Africa and Pythalin continue to grow at a rapid pace and are expected to continue to boost the company’s future performance. (2) Inner business profit ends: five inner-born subsidiaries/business together account for 75.3% of operating profit, and total operating profit increases of 15.5%.
In addition, in 2019, the company disposed of its hh output with an investment return of $1.31350 billion, and its net profit contribution to the company’s net profit. In our view, this is coupled with the fact that the company’s net profit contribution is more pronounced.
Growing revenues from company-owned pharmaceutical operations, coupled with subsequent increases in the volume of innovative drugs, will result in a gradual decline in the share of corporate capital invested in alliances and joint ventures, reflecting the growing profitability of the company’s core pharmaceutical portfolio. Addressing losses of hh brings about a net increase in profits, but high growth in R&D inputs + short-term asset impairment + fairness
\triangleright 1. Resembly Medicine (600196): Cooperation with the Biontech exhibition, mrna vaccine field
2. Anti-Starry Medicine: The country’s first car-t report, first to realize investment gains of $1.30 billion (based on net profit acceleration data for the Medical Services Division), has greatly increased the net profit level of the Division. If the net profit from this investment is excluded, the net profit of the parent falls -25.3 per cent.
Hansel costs $608 million for R & D, an increase of 66.35 per cent over the same period. Significant increases in research and development inputs for innovative medicines have been reduced by $1 billion. This move has resulted in a reduction of $372.4 million in the net return of the company to its mother and in the interest of the owner of the listed company. 3) Changes in the fair value of the company have resulted in a loss of $353 million.
Taking into account the impact on the net profits of the company, which grew at a rate of 11,58 per cent in 2019, mainly due to a significant increase in investment in research and development and a shift in fair value, we believe that with the growth in corporate innovation on the market, the profitability of water is expected to improve.
After the completion of the proposal to return to the market, it is expected that after the completion of the proposal to return to the market, HONG Han Hsien will be able to return to the market.
We believe that the company’s landing board is expected to supplement the company’s research and development funds, and that it will ease the situation.
In addition, companies are expected to prepare for the commercialization of the pd-1 antibodies by financing the rapid strengthening of the innovative biopd-1 line. We emphasize our concern about the growth of the inner parts of the company, and that the growth of innovation is expected to bring resilience to the company’s performance, 2020.
Based on the sustainability of the company’s current core profit plate, we believe that this endogenous growth is more sustainable over the next three years, and that the company’s fundamentals are about to enter a phase of sustainability. In 2020, the company’s innovative line of medicine will come to pass.
During this period, the growth in innovation will also be more and more significant in terms of performance. The company’s heavy-pound beads are expected to be marketed in 202002, the car-t products were also reported in March 2020, the fastest will be marketed by the end of the year, and the Afrotrapopa, introduced in 2019, is expected to be approved by the end of the year and become another pound.
Considering that the company’s innovation line is entering the performance period and that the growth in innovation is expected to bring about a steady growth in corporate profits, we have slightly reduced the company’s income by slightly below our previous expectations. Net profits have been affected by factors such as impairments and fair value changes that have led to lower than our previous expectations, so we are net in 2019.
The evaluation was not as fast as expected; the marketing of products was not as expected; the market was competitive; and the clinical results were less than expected. Quo, Ph.D., Research Assistant, graduated from the Qinghua University School of Life Sciences, where he studied postdoctoral studies and joined the Qinghua University School of Pharmacy in July 2019.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.