More recently, the company published 2019 and 20q1 quarterly reports with annual revenues of $28,590 million, an increase over the previous year.
14.7% net return to the mother, 33.32 billion yuan, an increase of 22.7%; 20q1 income, $5.88 billion, a decrease of 12.6%; and the mother ' s net gain, $580 million, a decrease of 19%. Annual reports meet expectations, q1 report to the epidemic, q1 to the epidemic, and q1 to be affected by the epidemic this year.
20q1, which is expected to be more negatively affected by the epidemic, followed by medical instruments and preparations, which are expected to recover gradually after the outbreak, and looks forward to the introduction of innovative drugs to the market this year and to rapid roll-out, which will drive the roll-out of performance.
1. China ' s first car-t production report, after Xing Kaitao industrial section gland and Van Bong performed well, equipment and medical services were stable and q1 medical services were damaged
Heavy: The annual report for the whole industry section was robust, with gland and the Van State subsidiary performing brightly, forecast 2. "Performance meets expectations, withholding non-q3 single-season increases by 52.2 per cent compared to the annual net profit of gland, and 44.8 per cent compared to the annual profit of Jiangsuvan."
The annual report on the equipment plate shows steady performance, with 60 Da Vinci robotics installed and 40,000 surges in mainland China and Hong Kong; it also shows a steady increase in income by 12.73%.
There has been a steady increase in the number of emergency cases, discharges, and surgeries, with 20q1 seriously affected by the epidemic, and a gradual recovery of q2 is expected, with a positive year-round growth in the health service portfolio. Research and development investments are increasing, innovation is progressing well, and new varieties are driving the wrong performance: the company invested in research and development in 2019.
The main platform for new drug research and development is a research and development platform for regenesis, restoration, etc., and the declaration of biological analogues is well under way. Potential species are under study, such as q2 anti-symptoms (expected q2), pd-1 (three-stage clinical) and its joint drug programme (one clinical), antivegf biological analogues (three forthcoming).
Clinical progress is well under way and moving faster, including in the case of beds, car-t products (produced in March of this year). Risks to performance, such as the Auxiliary Drug Catalogue, the Medical Insurance Transfer (MSI) Catalogue of Varieties, and tape purchases, have an impact: the risk of underdevelopment: the risk of less than expected marketing of innovative medicines; and uncertainty about falling financial costs.
Chart 1: Summary of clinical progress in the foreign world of re-stardry (up to 2020.4) Figure 2: Summary of domestic clinical progress in re-stardry (up to 2020.4) Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment