Wang Wei Chul has performed better than expected, with a marked increase in the Māori rate of previous operations Corporate performance: $18.6 billion, y0y+161.3 per cent, net profit recorded in 14.1
The company performed better than we expected, and the previous business grew faster: the company's 2019q1 battalion was still growing significantly, and the company, after deducting it, was able to raise it by $20.32 billion.
We estimate that the health tablet has grown rapidly with the recognition of Wang Ji's income; the Nan Pharmacy plate is expected to remain relatively robust and growing, mainly because of the rapid short-term growth of the medium medicine product during the flu period in 2018.
While the base period has been high, the increase in the Māori ratio of the former business and the Chinese drug variety is still expected to continue at a relatively rapid pace, and it has contributed significantly to the increase in profits: at the level of operating profits, the company ' s operating profit of 2019q1 was 1.70 billion yuan, a significant increase of 55.1% over the previous year, with M&As against the public.
After our calculations, we believe that this is largely driven by the increase in the Māori ratio of our original business. Our splits measure the 42.9% Māori rate of our original business, 2019q1, and the 4.4 percentage points higher on the same scale, mainly because of the good competition pattern of the tea, and the company’s rapid growth in sales.
The increase in the Māori rate is driven by a corresponding reduction in the ratio of grant-making through cost-fixing activities. The net interest rate on large health plates will continue to improve from the cost of a combination of products, and the large business plates will continue to grow steadily:
We believe that the current pattern of cool tea competition is stable, that companies are absolutely ahead of the market and that demand is relatively good, that the company's fee-control strategy will continue, and that a further $1.39 billion of the company's “Wing Old Guy” series of trademarks from the Broad Pharmacy Group has been completed, and it is expected that the overall cost control of the large health plates will be increased.
The ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a is clear and net interest rates will continue to rise; we believe that Gingo will continue to grow at a faster rate, and that the growth of the huge Chinese drug variety, which is highly driven, is also expected to increase, and the size of the Grand South drug plate will grow robustly;
The business plate is expected to achieve a more robust growth with the integration of resources with the Great South drug and the expansion of network sink and retail operations. Profit forecasts and investment proposals: We have slightly improved because company q1 performance has grown better than expected.
The company ' s profit projections, which we expect to realize by 2019-2020 a net profit of $3.21 billion (expected return, er), are as follows:
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.