Investment earnings boosted higher than expected performance, and dividends remained attractive.
This represents an increase of 17.3 per cent and a net return of 6.77 billion yuan to the mother, or 39.2 per cent in the fourth quarter, of 3.16 billion yuan to the mother’s net profit of 2.40 billion yuan.
In 2023, the base of our road transport demand rebounded, with 4.57 billion road passengers in the year as a whole. 12,522 million road-controlled vehicle traffic and $6.09 billion in toll revenue, respectively, increased by 24.5 per cent and 14.9 per cent, respectively.
In other business areas, the Transport Science and Technology Section, where the company's new contracts have reached record levels throughout the year, amounting to $4.78 billion, an increase of 16.1 per cent over the previous year, contributing operating income of $2.19 billion, a steady increase in the company's investment in new energy sources, and a positive growth in the business environment.
The new business model explores that the company ' s transportation eco-plate earns $310 million, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the same period • The contribution of the various businesses has risen steadily, the profit margin has remained generally stable, the gross profit contribution of the companies ' operations in 2023 has increased steadily, and the profit margin has remained generally stable.
The cost level of the Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Māori Tianjin City Highway has been stable and the return on investment has increased significantly, leading to a significant improvement in performance.
In 2023, corporate cost levels were generally stable, sales, management, R & D, and financial cost rates were improved.
By the end of 2023, a total of 26 toll-road projects were managed by the company, controlling miles 2008 and participating in 26 high-quality toll-road companies, of which 16 were listed as a-h-stock companies, investing in a total of 14745 kilometres of operating highways in the country.
Industry is first. Companies have been involved in or acquired a large number of high-quality road products in the past, and overall revenues from business and investment have increased steadily, with growing performance, and will be able to achieve steady progress in the future, with a focus on ownership, excellence, enhanced management and the promotion of sustainable development for companies.
In the context of the continuing downswing of the risk rate of return, there is still a clear appeal to maintain the “upscaling” rating. Macroeconomic downturns, less than expected growth in the flow of vehicles, and less than expected growth in the return on investment.
A commercial road disclosure report for 2023 The commercial road disclosure report for 2023, an annual operating income of $9.73 billion in 2023, an increase of 17.3 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $6.77 billion, an increase of 39.2 per cent in the fourth quarter of the year, a net profit of $2.4 billion for the mother.
In 2023, the bottom of the country's road transport demand rebounded to 4,57 billion road passengers, an increase of 28.9 per cent compared to the previous year, and the volume of public traffic was 4,034 trillion tons, an increase of 8.7 per cent compared to the previous year.
Revenue from fees and fees amounted to $6.09 billion, an increase of 24.5 per cent and 14.9 per cent, respectively, respectively, benefiting from the increased flow of traffic, and other operational aspects, the Transport Science and Technology Section, where the number of new contracts signed by companies amounted to an all-time high of $4.78 billion, an increase of 16.1 per cent and a contribution of operating income of $2.19 billion, an increase of 16.9 per cent; and the Smart Transport Block, an increase of $820 million, an increase of the same amount.
18.6 per cent drop; transport eco-plate, where companies are investing in new energy sources, continues to grow, and business ecology is actively promoting new business models, with revenues of $310 million from the company's transport eco-platform, an increase of 14.9 per cent over the same period.
Figure 4: Revenues and rates of increase for the commercial road traffic technology section Figure 5: Revenues and rates of increase for the commercial road smart transport block 3
In 2023, the gross profits of the company ' s operations rose steadily, and the profit margins were generally stable, with investments in operating plates, transportation panels, smart transport plates, transport eco-plate gross profits of 3.02 billion yuan, 350 million yuan, 180 million yuan, and 0.5 figure 7: Gross profits and profit margins from engaging in road investment panels.
Figure 8: Gross profit and profit margins of the technology for engaging in road traffic 4 Cost levels are generally stable, with a significant increase in investment returns leading to a significant increase in performance as a result of improved profits of the companies participating in the road listing, and the revaluation of the fair value of the iron-coloured vendors
Figure 11: Trends in cost rates for commercial roads Figure 12: Gains on investment in commercial roads
By the end of 2023, a total of 26 toll-road projects were managed by the company, controlling a distance of 2008 and involving the company 26 high-quality toll-road companies, of which 16 were listed as a-h-stock companies, with a total investment of 14745 km, remained stable.
The country is the first to operate a highway industry. Companies have been involved in or acquired a large number of high-quality road products in the past, with a steady overall increase in operating income and investment earnings, and their performance has continued to grow. In the future, they will be able to move steadily, focusing on the main sector, optimizing operations, strengthening management, promoting the company's attractiveness and maintaining an “uptake” rating.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, fund companies, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.