2401 net return profit equal to -4.2 per cent, and good for the company: 24q1 net return profit of 1,293 million won by the company in the first quarter of 2024, resulting in a 4.2 per cent decrease in net return profit of 24q1 in the same year due to the effects of the vagaries.
1) At the receiving end: the company ' s 24q1 crop grew by 49.1 per cent to $3022 million on the same date, mainly in the form of a combination of iron and steel sales, and in fact we analysed the fact that the company ' s portfolio of investments during the quarter was affected in part by bad weather conditions and the length of free travel on the spring holiday highway.
(2) Cost side: The cost of toll-based road operations is more rigid, with the company operating at 24q1 increasing by 59.7 per cent to $1.944 billion on a year-on-year basis, higher than the end-of-income end, with interest-bearing costs increasing by 50.6 per cent to $495 million on a year-on-year basis, mainly affected by the iron-coupling of vendors.
The analysis is mainly due to the fact that the company ' s equity participation project, which is dominated by highway companies, is also partly affected by adverse weather factors and free passage of the free-of-charge bus on the spring holiday highway during the quarter.) Net profit: the company ' s 24q1 net return profit of $1,293 million was eventually realized, a 4.2 per cent decline in the same period.
The performance of the toll road masters is expected to continue to be robust, the high-quality master road assets are receiving and buying at a sustained pace, and the capacity of the toll road investment operating platform is being strengthened. Corporate assets are being consolidated at a robust pace, with a joint effort with the Guangzhou Viet Soo Group Ltd. at the beginning of the 23rd year.
High-speed bidding project to add 106 kilometres of freeway investment by means of a video shoot; November 2023, an announcement was made to co-finance 2,683 million dollars with the related party Zhejiang Hangang to set up a joint venture company, Zhejiang River Transport Holdings Ltd., and to acquire 60 per cent of the shares of Hunan Young Blue Highway Company (completed).
In addition to this, the subsidiary's selection and control unit is proposed to fund a total of $4,412 million in acquisitions of 100 per cent of the limited public department of capital (which has been agreed upon under the purchase and sale agreement). The company operates as a national highway platform, with continuous demonstration and transfer of investment operations to performance, and the extension and acquisition of high-quality assets.
The pace is continuing, and in addition to the landing of the announced projects, we still have a high-quality project to analyse, along with the promotion of the high-speed public fund-raising reits project, the transfer of Viet Nam accounting methods, or some of them, which are expected to increase profitability and achieve a re-engineering of the business model.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The future is still looking at corporate intelligent transport and technology to export its advantages from the outside, and we have to build our traffic numbers intellectually, based on cooperative business platforms and under the banner of trade unions, which have led the way in setting up intelligent traffic (23 years of revenue compared to 8.5 per cent) and transport technology (23 years of revenue).
Keeping the relevant plate business moving toward export. Roads run the front platform, debt-to-equity issues are down, and high growth premiums are expected to highlight \triangleright
The company is a leading platform for road operations with a strong alpha, and we continue to see two major growth factors: 1) road products, with the backbone of the industry, where the company maintains a more active asset buy-and-take pace for high-quality targets than its counterparts, and where it has a relatively young road product and is therefore expected to contribute significantly to performance growth; 2) road products.
In business chain business, companies are able to deploy intelligent transport and transport technology, and have a wider scope for external export. On the emotional side, corporate debt swaps on bonds have been completed, with the latest total stock stock increase to $6,822 billion, bringing about a good price orientation.
The company ' s Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2022-2024) commits to a cash-based annual allocation of profits no less than the current year ' s net profit deduction against other equity instruments -- billions of dollars for pe 11 times, 10 times, and 9 times, respectively. We believe that the company is the industry leader.
Excellence in operational management and continuity of high dividends, or some value premium, to maintain “buy risk factors: extended acquisitions are less than expected; traffic growth is less than expected; road rate policy waves \triangleright
Zhog Ming, Doctor, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association, Commissioner of the Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal
For more than a decade now, it has been a research consultant in the area of carbon and energy. It has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Plan for Coal Survey and Development. It has been working on a number of topics, such as the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.