23 years net return to the mother + 39%, with the head of the company split between the two sides: company reports 2023, net return to the mother + 6,667 million yuan in 2023, with the same increase.
\triangleright's 23-year net profit to the mother of $6,667 million, an increase of 39.2 per cent over the previous year; 49 per cent of the vendors excluded from the offer, and $1.646 billion in interest earned at fair value after the company's 23-year deduction
After a 40.2 per cent increase in the same year, after the impact of the revaluation of equity fair value was eliminated, the toll road masters performed well in 2023, and the impact of the 22-year outbreak and the four-quarter discount on freight rates was phased out, the company invested in its operations for 23 years.
The revenue (mainly toll road operations) was $6.404 billion, an increase of 24.6 per cent over the previous year, compared with 21 years of complex, high-quality master road assets with a sustained rate of extra-receipt, acquisition and acquisition, and the capacity of the national road production operating platform. The pace of corporate asset consolidation was positive in 2023, with the completion of a joint venture with Guangzhou Goyo Group Ltd. at the beginning of the year.
In the month, the announcement proposed to co-finance the joint venture with the affiliated party Zhejiang Hangang to set up Zhejiang Gang Transport Holdings Limited and acquire 60 per cent of the Hunan Young Blue Highway Company (completed), in addition to the proposed $4.412 billion in capital acquisition (China)
The company, as the national highway platform, is running 100% of its shareholdings. In the course of the year, high-quality assets are extended, and the buy-in pace of the Soldat securities company continues, adding up the high-speed public fund-raising reits project is expected to increase profitability and make a real difference.
The current operating model has been upgraded.
The future is still looking at corporate intelligent transport and technology to export its advantages from the outside, and we have to build our traffic numbers intellectually, based on cooperative business platforms and under the banner of trade unions, which have led the way in setting up intelligent traffic (23 years of revenue compared to 8.5 per cent) and transport technology (23 years of revenue).
Keeping the relevant plate business moving toward export. Roads run the front platform, debt-to-equity issues are down, and high growth premiums are expected to highlight \triangleright
The company is a leading platform for road operations with a strong alpha, and we continue to see two major growth factors: 1) road products, with the backbone of the industry, where the company maintains a more active asset buy-and-take pace for high-quality targets than its counterparts, and where it has a relatively young road product and is therefore expected to contribute significantly to performance growth; 2) road products.
In business chain business, companies are able to deploy intelligent transport and transport technology, and have a wider scope for external export. On the emotional side, corporate debt swaps on bonds have been completed, with the latest total stock stock increase to $6,822 billion, bringing about a good price orientation.
The company ' s Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2022-2024) commits to a cash-based annual allocation of profits no less than the current year ' s net profit deduction against other equity instruments -- billions of dollars for pe 11 times, 10 times, and 9 times, respectively. We believe that the company is the industry leader.
Business management capacity is prominent and continues to have high red points, or may enjoy a certain value premium, maintaining “buy risk factors: extended acquisitions are less than expected; traffic growth is less than expected; road rate policy waves \triangleright
Zhog Ming, Doctor, University of Mines of China, registered consulting (investment) engineer, Deputy Managing Director, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association, Commissioner of the Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chair) for coal
For more than a decade now, it has been a research consultant in the area of carbon and energy. It has been working on the 13th Five-Year National Plan for Coal Survey and Development. It has been working on a number of topics, such as the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.