The lead in the fight, "One One Two Wings" in collaboration with the core urban community's value growth, the Paulie Development (600048.sh) • a leader in good business management.
After this round of supply side reforms, there will be a significant improvement in the pattern of competition in the industry, and a continuing policy of property bottoming is expected to be gradually restored in the future. We believe that companies, as champions of good business management, have for many years been ploughing core urban clusters and will have a greater advantage in future industrial competition.
• Residential development: both vision and implementation, leading the market for the core urban grouping Sales end: companies start up and run the Guangzhou market over the long term, have a better understanding of long-term market opportunities in high-energy cities, corporate core urban deep-farming strategies are ahead of schedule, product systems are constantly changing in response to market demand.
At the end of the investment cycle, the “core city + urban cluster” strategy is maintained, with flexibility in land intensity. For the benefit of the current round, a total of 90 plots of land are being acquired, corresponding to a total of 12,562 billion dollars, in the first place in the industry.
• Non-residential business: “One two-wing” strategy was upgraded to create a platform for the development of real estate eco-development. In 2018, the company further upgraded the strategy “One two-wing” to a platform for the development of real estate, based on investment in real estate and integrated services and real estate finance.
• Business performance: long-term robust business models, with a steady recovery in profitability.
The management was successfully replaced, the management team was re-established, the core management team took root for years, insisted on strategic leadership, and guaranteed the company's battle.
On 29 July 2021, the company announced that Mr. Liu Ping had been elected Chairman of the company; on 17 August 2021, the company announced the appointment of Mr. Zhou Dongli as General Manager of the company and the nomination of a candidate for the sixth board of directors: Mr. Wang Yif was proposed for appointment as Director of Finance of the company.
The new team insists on strategic leadership, active implementation of organizational change, executive management, and increasing operational efficiency. Enhanced leadership and empowerment at the headquarters level, greater integration of business lines related to real estate, greater focus on business synergies, more integrated industrial planning, and the formation of industrial management centres.
At the regional level, a flat and efficient two-tier management structure has been set up, and three platform companies have been set up in Jiangnan, Sutong, Chuang, Changzhou, Suzhou, Nantung, Nakayama, Chuhai, etc., covering more than 600 billion markets. By optimizing a city’s standards, promoting a new construction system and strengthening the key.
Node control and thus increasing operational efficiency. Figure 1: Polydevelopment Management successfully completes the re-elections. Companies attract, retain and motivate the core through long-term incentives that combine equity incentives with projects and investments.
In 2012 and 2016, the company implemented the second phase, which was more extensive in terms of the number of options and coverage, and was important in enhancing the cohesion and focus of the core cadre. At the end of 2017, the company launched a real estate project and speculation.
Actual controllers and management actively increase their presence and show confidence in the company’s future development. On August 4, 2021, confidence in future development and recognition of the value of long-term investments, the Paulie Group intends to continue through Shanghai for the next six months.
The director-general, Mr. Liu Ping, has increased his shares by 276,000. Over the reporting period, the director of the company, Mr. Hu, has increased his shares by 55,000 shares and Mr. Wang Quanglian shares, all of which have increased his shares in the secondary market.
As of 2021, the price of sales in Paulie was 53.4.9 billion.
In the same period, the combined volume of real estate sales and the area of sale increased at a rate of 15.5 per cent and 7.3 per cent, respectively, by taking full advantage of the market opportunities created by the rapid growth of the country's real estate sector, with sales growing at a faster rate than the industry for most of the years and with cross-cutting growth in scale.
Figure 2: Paulie ' s sales in 2021 amounted to $53.49 billion. Figure 4: Paulie ' s growth in area and long-term leading industries. Figure 5: Paulie ' s growth in sales and long-term leading industries
Faced with the relative high frequency of swings in the real estate sector in the past, the company has been following a strategic path based on residential development. In recent years, along with overall industry growth, the company upgraded its “one-wing two-wing” strategy in 2018, emphasizing the formation of a “one-wing two-wing” based on real-estate investment, with integrated services and real-estate finance as its backbone.
Operational layout, through the concerted development of three actors, to create a platform for the ecological development of real estate. 2.2. 2.2. The big picture is ahead.
The first year after the opening, the project was cleared: in 1999, the Paley Garden opened, which was built into the category of “National Housing Model Zone” and officially became the “National Housing Model Zone” in June 2003. The Paulie Garden also created a single day record in Guangzhou City that year, with a long list of buyers.
The first market in Paulie’s deep-seated development was the first city in Guangzhou, where companies were born with the genes of high-performance cities. The early years of business experience in Guangzhou market allowed Paulie to develop a more advanced understanding of long-term market opportunities in high-powered cities.
At the time of the State's adoption of the strategy of “Three Majors, Two Together” it was proposed that “the real estate industry should be the main industry, and that the relevant industries should be expanded: the provincial capital and the central city should be the main city, with a gradual increase in the flow of radiation to the second and third-line city: the housing sector should be the main source of the planned increase in commercial property in the country's central city.” At the same time, China's rate of urbanization was still low.
The country’s commodity housing market has flourished, and there is no clear advantage in high-energy cities with lower urban market opportunities, and the corporate strategy is forward-looking. In 2013, Paulie further developed the “3+2+x” urban layout, with Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou at its core, the Rim Sea, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle, in order to make a difference.
Celebrity’s centered urban centres, Wuhan’s centered central urban clusters, and priority areas such as the Heissi economic zone. In comparison to the last five years, with the decline in market demand on three or four fronts, the strategic layout began to shift firms in high-energy cities, and in the core urban clusters, Paulie’s development had a pre-eminent advantage of more than 10 years.
The quality of products is particularly important in the competition of high-energy markets, and in order to maintain the long-term competitiveness of their own product systems, Paulie has placed a strong emphasis on building product systems. The company first introduced a “whole life-cycle residential system” in 2016, upgraded to “whole-life system 2.0-well collection and community” in 2020, and then moved to “whole-life system” to “whole-life system,” and then to “whole-life system,”
A new product system of five dimensions of aesthetic values: beauty and beauty, and fun landscapes. Pauly's development is constantly upgrading the iterative product system by looking at the development status of leading global real estate firms, product characteristics, future trends, and differences in competition.
Market demand, in response to the long-term trend towards a sustained influx of young people in high-energy cities, Paulie develops precise positioning of demand and improvement of demand, and while maintaining the quality of the product, the product is dominated by small and medium-sized households below 144 square metres.
According to the 2021 annual report, companies have contributed 78% to sales in 38 core cities. The combined sales of the two dominant regions, the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle, have amounted to more than $280 billion, representing 53% of sales.
17 billion cities, two more than in 2020, making a total sales contribution of over $340 billion. Together, Guangzhou and Fushan achieved sales of more than $92 billion, Hangzhou made the first breakthrough of $30 billion, Nanjing, Beijing more than $20 billion, Dong-hoon, Shanghai, Zhengzhou and Wuhan more than $10 billion. As marketing cities were upgraded, the average sales price of companies increased further.
Upgraded to $16,049/Pen, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the same period, according to the 2021 annual report, the company sold more than 2 million in Fushan, and more than 1 million in Guangzhou, Changsha and Chengdu: in Wuhan, Hangzhou, Qingjia, Nanjing, Taihara, Chongqing
The company’s strategic approach to raising the city’s performance and focusing more on core urban clusters can also be seen in the change in its internal ranking of the city’s sales over the last five years. The company has maintained a high and stable sales scale in traditional strong cities of Fushan, Guangzhou, Chengdu, Wuhan, Qingjia, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Changsha, Tianjin, Chengzhou.
Compared to the steady growth in sales size, the adjustment of the investment end of Paulie’s development portfolio is more flexible. For the third consecutive year of 2015-2017, companies continued to pick up land at a higher rate than sales, three years at a higher level, and three years at a higher rate.
First, 11 projects under China Aviation Industries Group Ltd. were acquired, corresponding to 5.38 million Ping, and then the company acquired 50% of the shares in Paulie (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited in cash, further expanding its operations. The company added 204 new projects in 2017 for a single year, amounting to $276.5 billion.
The central approach to housing is further emphasized by the fact that the financial regulation of housing enterprises is more prudent, and companies have taken the initiative to adjust the pace of taking up the land, which has decreased overall. The real estate sector was affected by a series of events such as the three-way red line, the mortgage centralization system, the credit crisis in the industry, and the strong regulation of pre-sale funds, and the real estate industry was in a position to compete in 2021.
Large adjustments, with most highly leveraged housing enterprises in financial distress, cash flow difficulties, and virtually stagnant operating spending. And Paulie’s development has kept up some investment, with 145 new projects, 2,722 million square metres of volume and $18,5.7 billion equivalent.
But considering that the industry is in a special period, the size of Paulie’s development is still considerable. More flexible investment, the share of company land rights remains relatively stable, with a long-term range of 60-80%, and this is also due to public figure 12: 21% lower in 2021 than in 2021.
Figure 13: 15 per cent decline in the size of the land area in 2021 by the same year: Figure 14: Longer than 60 per cent increase in the share of land rights in the development of the land
Inflow potentials are concentrated in urban areas. Although nationalization has been achieved, companies have intensified their efforts to gain ground after the drop in geothermal heat in priority and second-line cities, with an average floor price of $6,821 per square metre for new projects throughout the year, a decline of 8 per cent compared to the projected increase in profitability for new projects.
Although the land is dominated by high-energy cities, companies keep their investments in order to control the cost of the project’s guaranteed profit margin. While the impact of the industry’s major cycle is inevitable, companies try to keep the benefits of supply side reforms out of the heat of the market, and the market share is expected to rise further.
According to the Institute, between June 2021 and the end of April 2022, Paoliví acquired a combined amount of 90 plots of land for housing and housing, corresponding to a total of 12,562 million land in the industry.
According to the urban group, the company has been hunting in several large urban clusters of priority areas and still maintains a high total land value of 26 billion, second in rank: 38 billion in the long triangle, fourth in rank: 24.2 billion in the long triangle; and ninth in the capital, 9 billion in the capital.
10.2 billion people in the middle of the Yangtze River, ranked fifth. It is worth noting that, in the course of the supply side reform of this round, in addition to the development of Paulie, production in Central Haiti, Vanko, the Dragon Lake Group, and other market-based regional housing such as the Rivers Group, the Viet-Soo Estates, the Construction of Estates, etc.
More local state firms, with urban investment, are in the forefront. We believe that more market-oriented traditional housing firms, whose projects are moving at a relatively slow pace, will be more robust or difficult to sustain over the long term.
According to the 2021 disclosure schedule developed by Paulie, the total marketable volume of the company ' s domestic projects is 219 million square metres, with a cumulative contract area of 132 million square metres and a corresponding surplus volume of 87 million square metres.
The Division sold 33.33 million square metres in 2021, with the remaining available space to meet the company’s demand for sales over the next two years. For the subregion, 65.3 per cent of the remaining salesable areas were in the cities of Wuhan, Fushan, Guangzhou, Chengdu and more than 3 million square metres: six cities, Changsha, Kunming, Qingjima, Dong-jung, etc.
In the broader context of sector-side supply reforms, we believe that Paulie’s development as the head of a market-based business, relying on years of deep urban farming experience, is expected to continue to improve competitiveness in the land market in the future, and the value of the goods will gain.
In the longer term, regardless of the liberalization of future equity financing in the industry, companies are expected to gradually absorb the share of the private housing market from the current supply side reforms and to gain long-term and stable development opportunities.
3.1. The orderly development of diversified operations, with a continuous increase in the share of revenues and revenues The strategic positioning in 2016 of “one-key” two-wing real estate finance and community consumption services, with a focus on real estate development, is a forward-looking approach to the strategic layout; and the development of new trends in industry and new markets
In 2018, the company further upgraded the “one-wing two-wing” strategy to “main-wing investment in real estate development, with integrated services and real estate finance” and created a platform for real estate eco-development. The company’s new strategic planning went a long way to make it clear that the development of the two-wing business is not just a new performance growth point, but rather a new industry landscape.
To achieve further synergies in multi-business, to improve the capacity of companies to serve cities and residents in a comprehensive manner, and to implement the concept of living and healthy people.
As the business model of the company ' s two-wing business matures, its capacity to operate has increased significantly, and its volume has increased steadily. In 2021, the company ' s two-wing operations achieved business income of $23,089 million, an increase of 39.83 per cent over the same period, an increase of 465 million square metres, contract size 656 million square metres, and contract management.
During the year, business income was 10.78 billion yuan, an increase of 34.2 per cent. Poly Businesses opened 35 shopping malls in 38 cities, including Guangzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, and others; the area of business was opened. The company rented 43 apartments in the battalion chief’s 43 projects, covering the core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Chengdu, etc.
On the financial side, the cumulative management of corporate funds exceeded $170 billion.
3.2. Integrated service wings: perfecting the human settlements industry chain and binding the growth in the long-term value of the core urban population; large business blocks in which construction, property, agency, asset operations, etc., have reached the scale of 10 billion dollars; integrated services operations in Paulie are built around the human settlements industry chain and integrated urban development, from the needs of clients and society
The company will continue to optimize the layout and resource allocation of the core urban clusters, and it is expected that the future will be tied to regional values in the long term.
The Poly Property Industry, the only listed platform in the company’s integrated service wing, successfully landed at the Hong Kong Exchange in 2019 (6049.hk), with a combined share of 72.28% of the Poly Property Industry. According to the Chinese Institute’s 2021 China Property Services 100% ranking, the Poly Property Industry ranks fifth among China’s industry’s top industry providers.
By the end of 2021, it had been established in 196 cities in 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities.
By the end of 2021, the interest industry had a total area of approximately 46.53 million square metres in management projects.
The total number of managed projects is 1,786, with a total contract management project area of approximately 656.3 million square metres. In recent years, market-based capacity has been increasing, and the contribution of third-party projects has continued to increase.
Figure 26: Net return profit achieved in 2021 in the interest industry amounting to $846 million. Figure 27: Steady increase in size and contract size in the interest industry. Figure 28: Continuous increase in the contribution of the third-party project area in the interest industry
It is worth noting that the Poly Property Industry has developed into a national landscape and a leading advantage in a variety of industries, such as higher education and teaching, urban landscapes, orbital and transport industries, hospitals, government offices, urban public facilities, etc. In 2021, the company continued to develop rapidly in the public service sector, with priority projects including the Guangzhou Tage District in Guangzhou, Guangzhou, Guangzhou.
The Polytechnic industry has helped to improve the company’s human settlements chain and the resources of its core urban communities to achieve long-term value growth.
The size of Paulie's self-sustaining industry is also growing, and Paulie's business is now a three-product system of “Pauli Square”, “Homelight” and “Happy Neighbors” covering the consumption needs of diverse urban groups. By the end of 2021, 35 shopping centres had been opened, with projects in and for 38 cities in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, etc.;
The Paulie Hotel has a strategic partnership with Huan Hau, Intercontinental, Hilton, and Ya High Hotel Management Group, with 25 international hotel brand concessions. The Paulie Hotel has four separate rooms and nearly 5,000 guest rooms. The Paulie apartment starts relatively late, but it now covers the sea, Guangzhou, Hangzhou,
Table 9: Four autonomous hotel brands under the umbrella of the Pauly Hotel, Noya Hotel, luxury wine for high-end people who pursue great qualities.
The store brand, which combines the unique inner energy of the Black Pearls of Tahiti, advocates a low-key, elegant, natural, quality-free life, the Yato Hotel, the Five Stars of Life Hotel brand, which promotes the integration of art and self-interest.
In fact, living experience, combining art with life's new taste in wine shop functions, and building a condescending outside peach for guests, the County Ja Hotel, is a standard five-star hotel brand under the Paulie hotel flag.
To promote the concept of the cultural life of the New Business Tour, through quality services, business matching, and a unique sense of experience, to bring every tourist to his home, the Happy Hotel, the Four Star Hotel brand of healthy young fashion.
The city's tide leaders, utopian self-releasers, are committed to becoming leaders in the experience of renovating fashion and healthy living.
3.3 Real estate finance wings: The scale of the expansion continues and the potential for synergy is high. By the end of 2021, the corporate real estate finance wing covered three billion investments in innovative services, asset services and industry.
"2022 China Real Estate Fund, a conglomerate of high-capacity enterprises." The ISF invests in five central urban clusters, covering large and deep-line cities north of Taiwan, with a cumulative portfolio of more than 200 projects, a cumulative management fund of nearly 120 billion yuan, aa+ Subject credit ratings, widely recognized by clients and partners, brand values.
Building on industrial financial services, companies continue to scale up and market real estate fund management, strengthen investment and capital capacity in the industrial chain, and promote production.
Integrating and maximizing the role of industrial finance as a leader in exploring emerging strategic business areas.
Financial institutions, such as the estate chain parent fund, invest upwards in the real estate supply chain, build a broad pool of capital endowments through a property platform. Financial institutions, such as corporate strategic partnerships, such as trust securities, equity assets, and peace of life, will also act as escorts for companies’ investments.
Figure 31: Polytechnic Development Financial Institutions Strategic Cooperation, Investment Enabling the Caring Industry 4 - Business Performance: Long-term Good Business Models, New Age Promising 4.1, Sound Profits Pressure, Unfinished Guaranteed Income Growth
Paulie's growth in revenue and performance has been robust since he was listed, with a small drop in revenue in 2017 and a business income of $28,50.24 million in 2021, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the previous year; and the impact of a fall in interest rates on the realization of maternity, the central reason being the continuing price restrictions on the sale of new houses in the industry after 2017 in competition with the land market.
Business profit margins continue to shrink. The Māori rate of company settlements in 2021 is 26.78%, compared to comparable firms in the industry, the ability of private firms to compete in the land market, which used to be over-leveraged, will decline significantly, and the overall profit rate of the industry, figure 32: Pavl development achieved operating income of 285.548 billion in 2021
Figure 33: Pavl development net return profit of 27.388 billion in 2021. Figure 34: Downwards of Pavl development settlement profit margin level of 2021. Figure 35: Pavl development Māori settlement rate of 2021 is higher than that of a colleague.
Annual principal operating income of 1.46 times and future potential profits are still high, leaving room for future growth in settlement income. Figure 36: Poly development of unsold resources at the end of 2021 is still strong, financial soundness is consistent and financing advantages are evident
By the end of 2021, the asset-liability ratio had been 69% after the company excluded pre-sales, and the net liability ratio had been 39%: the cost of comprehensive financing for the development of the insurance was at a lower level in the industry.
4.3. The company ' s profitability is expected to rise back to the bottom, and we can see three downs and two downs in the company ' s listing to date through a retray, which we believe is more influenced by objective factors in the industry, given the downs of the company ' s Roe in the last three years.
First, repeated outbreaks of the new crown from 2020 to the present have continued to have a negative impact on normal marketing and construction in the industry: second, the combination of price-limiting policies in the city with excessive competition in the land market has also led to a downward trend in the overall profitability of the industry: the introduction of the three red lines and other housing finance policies has also continued to depress the overall leverage level of the industry, including companies.
We have chosen to compare the 12 priority companies (Pauli Development, Huankoa, Merchant Snakes, Goldfield Group, River Rivers Group, New Town Holdings, Goldco, Congregationa, Greenlands Holdings, First Holdings, Middle Estates, Huahua) that have so far failed in the open market, and we can see that the company has significantly higher levels of roe than the industry average.
And has the highest net home country interest rate and the second lower equity multiplier. In the future, the industry’s supply side changes or will significantly ease competition in the land market, where profits are expected to return; the epidemic is effectively controlled and socio-economic activities return to normal, and the industry sells and invests.
It is expected to return to normal levels: the company's three-track red-line indicators have been met in the long term, and the leverage level has not been further depressed, and we have made the following assumptions about the company's operations, giving a profit forecast:
In combination with the expected volume of company sales with the amount of money collected in advance, we believe that the company can hedge the profit margin by part of the increase in settlement income, assuming that the annual profit forecast for the company ' s residential development business for 2022-2024 is 7.4 times higher at p/e, which is below the comparable corporate average.
After this round of supply-side reforms, there will be a significant improvement in the pattern of industrial competition and a continuation of the property-base policy, and the future of industry sales is expected to be gradually restored. We believe that companies, as champions of good business management, have worked deep in core urban clusters for many years and have had a greater advantage in future industrial competition.
Real estate sales have been repeatedly affected by the epidemic and corporate sales have not recovered as expected.