We've seen a steady increase in the performance of our leaders, green development and internationalized space, new materials in the North (000786), 1st quarter of 2017.
The company achieved operating income of 1.779 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 23.63 per cent in the same year; operating profits of 213 million yuan, an increase of 5.73 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of 150 million yuan, an increase of 48.52 per cent in the same year. Achieving a return of 0.084 yuan per share, an increase of 18.31 per cent in the same year. Operating income grew steadily, with net profits attributable to parent companies increasing by almost 50 per cent.
The growth of 23.63 per cent has been positive in recent years, with single-season revenue rising from the third quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2017 (with a slight decline in the second quarter of 2016, mainly as a result of the downward adjustment of sales unit prices). Corporate brand advantage and the downswing of production line layouts and distribution networks throughout the country have led to a steady increase in corporate sales revenues.
Cost affects the increase in Māori rates by a fall in the same rate, and Thai equity acquisitions guarantee profit growth. The Māori rate was 27.66 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, compared with \triangleright of $263.47 per ton, an increase of 52 per cent in the same year. The increase in the cost price will also have an impact on the company ' s Māori rate in the second quarter, but it will also have an impact on the company ' s Māori ratio in the second quarter.
No. The property tax, land use tax, etc., which was originally accounted for under administrative costs, has been changed to tax and surcharges.
Millions of yuan, a 48,52 per cent increase in the same year, and the company ' s acquisition of 35 per cent of the share of the Thaksin cast in 2016. A small number of \trianglerights that no longer account for that share in the current period fell to 27.41 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, and their solvency is increasing. Cash flows from operating activities decreased by $161 million compared to the same period in the previous year, and decreased by $161 million.
573.44%, mainly due to increased purchases of raw materials and higher prices, and relatively small increases in cash received. The company’s low-leveraging and robust business strategy is to develop its future savings.
The next generation of high-performance green-building technology systems has great market potential. China’s economy has entered the green phase of green development.
As a green and healthy decorative material, cast boards have been recognized by the general public, opening up space for the renovation of three or four-line cities. Environmental protection policies will also have an impact on low-cost small businesses that are polluting the environment, allowing companies to further increase market access and sell their products further.
As a global leader, companies have experience in scale management \triangleright \ and advantages, with a rich array of company building materials and strong brands and integrated competitiveness, which facilitate the diffusion of corporate internationalization strategies, especially in the light of the fact that they are global champions.
In order not to abandon the US market, companies actively respond to US complaints. By building new lines in emerging markets, mature market mergers, and internationalization strategies, state companies will become multinational construction materials companies in the future.
The \triangleright dollar calculates the corresponding dynamic pe by 17 times, 14 times and 13 times. Given the combined competitiveness of companies as ellipses, which benefit from China’s environmental and green economy development, the city’s share will increase further.
The country's enterprise development potential, maintaining a firm's “highly recommended” investment rating.
Figure 2: Change in the ratio of assets to liabilities for North New Wood
Figure 5: Business income for the first quarter of the new North Building material. Figure 6: Net profits and growth rates for the first quarter of the new North.
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xing bonds, engaged in building materials, analyzing the research views of the researchers themselves. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.