In 2019, the sanctions were properly responded to and growth robustly achieved: companies issued annual reports for 2019, generating business revenues of 57.660 billion yuan a year, an increase of 15.7 per cent.
The Māori rate is 46.0 per cent, an increase of 1.1 per cent over the same period, with a net profit attributable to the parent company of $12.41 billion, an increase over the same period.
Good response to the steady growth in sanctions revenues, and innovative business performance: sales revenue grew by 15.7 per cent in 2019 at 57.660 billion yuan a year, and corporate business in North America was affected by the impact of the list of entities, which slowed the rate of revenue growth, but maintained double-digit growth through good corporate response.
Revenues grew by 4.1 per cent, 23.9 per cent and 23.4 per cent, respectively, and pbg operations were affected by insufficient demand from the public security sector, ebg maintained relatively high growth, business digital transformation needs were prominent, and smbg received channels for inventory impact. Companies separately disclosed breakdowns of innovative business, smart households, robots and others in 2019.
The Māori rate has steadily increased and the cost input has continued to increase over the period: in 2019, the company ' s Māori rate increased steadily by 1.1 percentage points to 46.0 per cent, the net profit for the parent grew by 9.4 per cent to R$12.41 billion, and the scale of the increase in income slowed down
Jang has a rigid cost input during the period in question, and his company’s net profits are growing less rapidly than its revenues. In 2019, there was an increase in the inter-firm rate, with sales, management, and R & D costs increasing by more than 20% in monetary terms, with the expansion of regulations and the continued increase in the cost of technology R & D companies, but at a relatively stable and manageable rate.
The year 2020 is a year of uncertainty, and the medium- and long-term trend is noteworthy: the company experienced a slight decline in revenues and profits in the first quarter of 2020, mainly due to short-term disruptions to supply and demand caused by the pneumonia epidemic.
Dismantling, faced with uncertainty, the company ' s lack of performance expectations for the first half of the year, and relatively unfavourable operations for smbg: three quarters of continued upward trend, full preparedness, impact greater than pbg and ebg. In the medium to long term, trade sanctions affect the company ' s ability to increase material reserves and
The shift in national production has been well managed and is increasingly recognized and weakened by the market, based on video as the core of integrated security, the Great Sea Conway vision: full penetration of video applications, the need for data services and smart business needs, which still have much room for growth, consistent with industrial upgrading such as ai and computing.
The company is expected to expand its market share further on the basis of expanding size and increasing research and development.
Heaconway sees: traditional security growth, innovative business life, less than expected market demand; innovative business and competition for products affecting profitability; growing uncertainty about the epidemic. Corporate sales revenue grew by 15.7 per cent in 2019 to 57.660 billion yuan in year-on-year growth, with Māori levels rising by 1.1 percentage points in year-on-year.
46.0% net profits attributable to parent companies increased by 12.41 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, and 8.3% net profits on a year-on-year basis by $1.343. Companies, the first-ever global market share in the video-monitoring industry, experienced insufficient demand in 2019 as a result of the listing of entities by the United States Department of Commerce and the downside of domestic macroeconomics, but managed to achieve robust growth in their performance.
(i) A steady increase in revenue and a sustained increase in cost inputs over the period
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $12.41 billion, or 9.4 per cent more than in the same year, or $1.343 more per share, or 8.3 per cent more in the same year, and the gross gross profit and net profit rates of the company increased by 46.0 per cent over the year 2019 by 1.1 percentage points, respectively by 1.0 and 1.3 percentage points, or 23.8 and 21.5 per cent respectively, while the gross profit and net profit rates of the company increased slightly, while the gross profit and net profit rates of the company were maintained.
The working days on corporate accounts receivable and inventory turnover in 2019 increased by 5 days and 29 days by 120 and 100 days, respectively, and the working days on accounts payable remained unchanged at 135 days, while the overall turnover rate remained stable. The company ' s Roe and Roa remained stable in 2019 and its financial costs were net revenue in 2019.
In terms of cash flows, the company ' s operating cash flow declined in 2019, mainly as a result of increased supplies in response to trade sanctions, and increased purchases of raw materials. (ii) Improved net profitability in the fourth quarter of 2019
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company achieved an increase of 11.1 per cent in its operating income of $17,820 million on a year-on-year basis and a net gain for shareholders in listed companies of 10.9 per cent, or 4.39 billion. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the growth in corporate revenue was consistent with the growth in net profits. The four-quarter growth rate slowed as a result of the impact of trade-friendly sanctions on demand in the industry.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the company ' s Māori rate rose by 4.3 percentage points to 45.0 percentage points in the same year, and the profit ratio and net profit ratio by 2.7 and 0.1 percentage points to 23.9 and 24.6 per cent in the same year.
For 11.8 per cent and 3.6 per cent, the R & D cost rate decreased by 0.5 percentage points from the same date, and companies disclosed performance reports for the first quarter of 2020, with sales revenue falling by 5.2 per cent to RMB 9.43 billion from the same year, and Māori increased by 2.6 percentage points to 47.4 per cent from the same year, while net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies decreased by R & D by R & D by R$ 1.5 billion, or 2.6 per cent from the beginning of the year.
Since then, due to the effects of the pneumonia epidemic, delays in the resumption of work during the quarter have affected the supply of the industrial chain, as well as the impact on domestic and foreign demand, corporate performance, and (iv) future development strategies and business plans: operating flexibly, with market availability The company uses video-centred smartness networking solutions and big data service providers as its development strategy through sustainability
Innovation to provide high-quality products and services to global clients. In 2020, the focus will be on: 1) prudential and flexible operations that take advantage of market opportunities in the context of screening the business environment and sustainability of operations. 2) Continue to promote city-focused marketing strategies, diversification of markets in overseas countries, headquarters and regional marketing
In coordination, resources are constantly being channelled to the front line and client value is being promoted. (3) Investment in basic R & D capacity is being continuously strengthened to further strengthen the technological base and build innovative capacity. (4) Increased attention is being paid to the security of funds, to the quality of operations and to the efficiency of their operations.
5. Continuing innovative business development and taking advantage of market opportunities. (ii) Profit forecasting and investment advice. (iii) In terms of business income, 1) domestic markets are growing faster than overseas; (ii) front-end products are growing faster than mid- and low-ends and higher than medium-to-medium.
End-of-end ratios continue to rise: 3) back-end product growth is maintained at a low rate; 4) central control equipment is growing at a slightly higher rate than the overall rate; 5) in other operations, innovation continues to grow at a fast pace, and growth in smart home operations, represented by fluorescent stones, progresses towards a smooth and fast period: 6) engineering works are down.
In terms of Māori ratio: 1) The higher and lower-middle ends of front end products continue to maintain large domestic disparities, with smaller patterns of overseas disparities: 2) The Māori rate of back end products and central control equipment has stabilized and decreased slightly; 3) The Māori rate of engineering works has remained largely stable; and 4) The Māori level of other sub-operations has remained stable and the overall Māori rate has steadily declined as a result of the restructuring of operations.
On the cost side, companies still need to maintain their growth in the size of their staff and overall inputs to R & D, but rates are expected to decline, while other management and sales rates are expected to remain stable. Companies are expected to increase their capital spending in the future, mainly in terms of demand for new products and technologies.
(c) Innovative business and product competition affect profitability;
The epidemic continues to increase uncertainty.