Mid-2023: Performance forecast point: Performance continues to outperform expectations, keyword: #new products, new technologies, new client  events: company reports for the 2023 semi-annual report.
▪ High growth in second-quarter performance and continued increase in profitability: company returns in the first half of 2023 Worked with well-known domestic and foreign head customers in the areas of automobiles, power cells, etc., and leading international clean energy domain customers to continuously deploy and expand production capacity in automobiles and photovoltaic storage energy operations,
To achieve faster growth; on the other hand, sustained product structural optimization and reduced efficiency gains, enhanced cost controls, improved overall operating efficiency, and higher corporate Māori ratios. With the advent of the second half of the consumer e-season and the continued expansion of new business, we look forward to corporate performance.
The ring ratio continues to rise and provides the basis for long-term growth. • Focus on the field of fine intelligence, and the layout of the emerging consumer electronics industry: 1) Accurate functional structure technology. Strengths are evident: corporate heat-dispersing programmes, linear motors, wireless charging, etc., have significant technological advantages,
(b) The core parts are self-sufficient. 2) Entering the large customer supply chain and forming a long-term stable partnership: in the consumption of electronic precision devices, companies have developed a long-term stable partnership through a supplier certification system for mainstream head branders at home and abroad.
In addition, the company is an exclusive consumer-level nreal factory with the exclusive ownership of the narairr glasses.
Shapes and acoustics are made. 3) Lead the deployment of intelligent robotics: A subsidiary has the ability to launch control product products, to enhance robotic performance, and to work closely with Hansen.
The company combines upstream and downstream resources to create synergies in the industrial chain.
• To expand the quality of the track, new energy vehicles/photovoltaic co-development: (a) new energy vehicles: high volume of output growth, major technological components powered batteries related to renewal and full vehicle power, battery energy density, transport
Technologies such as temperature range, charge efficiency, safety, etc. are constantly improving, and the market prospects are wide, leading to an increase in sales of sophisticated structures. The company has imported power cell tap customers in the Ninder era, actively expanding production support and potential for future harvests.
Compared to upgrading, micro-reversers match distributed loader needs and systems are integrated and efficient, leading to growth. The company’s acquisition of Selcon became a micro-reverse leader, enphase, who is the current global micro-reverse market leader, with 78 per cent of the delivery volume in the global market and the harvest period.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the company ' s increased share in the larger clients, we have developed three major financial forecasting tables for the company 23-Ingeniously, and Dong Oo Securities Inc. has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.