Mid-2023: significant increase in profitability, long term keyword: # Second Curve  High growth in second quarter performance and sustained increase in profitability: corporate net return to the mother in the first half of 2023
On the one hand, the company has been able to achieve faster growth by continuously expanding its business cooperation with well-known front-line customers in the areas of automobiles, power cells, etc., both within and outside the country, as well as with internationally leading customers in the area of clean energy.
Reducing efficiency gains, strengthening cost-control, improving overall operating efficiency, and increasing corporate Māori integration. With the advent of the second half of the consumer e-season and the continued expansion of new business, we see that the corporate performance ring continues to rise and provides a basis for long-term growth.
• Focus on the field of smart thinking, layout of the new consumer electronics industry: 1) The technical advantages of sophisticated functional structures are evident: the technological advantages of corporate heat radiating programmes, linear motors, wireless charging, etc., are evident and the core zero self-sufficiency rate is high. 2) The supply chain of large clients has entered into a stable and long-term partnership: consumption of electricity.
The sub-facilitating device segmentation industry has developed a long-term and stable partnership through a supplier recognition system for mainstream head-end branders in the country and abroad. With the help of consumer electronics, users have entered the ar/vr/mr smartglass business, a strategic collaboration has been reached with industry-class manufacturers to become mr-eyes.
In addition, the company is the exclusive manufacturer of the consumer-class nreal glasses, the sole owner of the entire assembly of the nrealairar glasses, the frame-up and the sound-making. 3) Leads the layout of the smart robot track: the company's leader is smart to roll out the control product and give the robot the power.
Performance upgrades, coupled with deep collaboration with Hanson on the optimal mass design of human robots. 4) Corporate integration of upstream and downstream resources, creating synergies in the industrial chain: reverse acquisition of the river powder magnets on the market, up to "Ingenuity (002600): mid-2023.
Material operations, upstream bargaining, modeling and assembly operations, building an integrated platform.
Critical technology component power cells are linked to continued and whole-car power, battery energy density, temperature periods, significant increase in profitability.
Volume growth. The company has imported power cell tap clients, Ninder, into the era, actively expanding production support, and in the future, Ingenuity (002600): Precision potential is good. 2) Photovoltaics: loads continue to flourish, distributional share increases, mini-reversers
In line with the needs of distributed installed machines and the integrated efficiency of the system, there is a trend towards growth. The company's acquisition of Salcon's post-salcon flagship, and the expansion of the emerging high-quality track, became the micro-reverse head of enphase, which is the current global micro-market owner.
Exporters account for 78 per cent of the global market and are ready for collection. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.