\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The electronics industry is warming, while companies are sustaining their R & D inputs, improving product structure and downscaling efficiency, improving cost control, and improving overall operating efficiency, with the combined M & A rate of 2q23 rising. In the second half of 2023, with the e-consumption season coming, the company’s share of large customers continued &asp.
The consumer electronics industry is moving steadily, and the big customer share continues to rise. Companies focus and consolidate consumption \triangleright
E-business advantages, core business such as precision features, structure pieces, etc., have been growing steadily, with a steady increase in the share of large clients & asp, a steady increase in product lines, and an active expansion of laptops, tablets, smarts.
Products such as equipment, new growth points in layout. At the same time, AppleVisionpro opened the space computing era, creating a long-term advantage - 2023/05/05 - for Vr/ar’s core partner, watch for the next generation of consumer electronics in the context of the i+xr trend.
2. In-depth report on smart ideas (00260.sz): precision "intellectual" product innovation + merit card advantage. In addition, fully-owned intellectual subsidiaries lead industrial robots and machines, and the new energy track begins with 2022/12/28.
By providing design, engineering and manufacturing solutions, a joint venture with Hanson is expected to become the main authorized manufacturer of robots. The company adheres to a multi-centre internationalization development strategy that will gradually release production capacity and orders from India, Viet Nam, Brazil, the United States, Turkey, etc.
In the case of new energy vehicles, the purchase of Zhejiang Jintai in 2021, and the manufacture of battery-structured products such as power cell cores, aluminium shells, lids, transfer tablets, and soft connections. The five major production bases in Lake, Su, Yiyang, Foding, Chengdu, etc. have been built, and the company is expanding.
With world-renowned top customers in the areas of automobiles, power cells, and so on, the next five production bases will be able to increase their capacity, and the future market share is expected to continue to rise. On the photovoltage side, companies have reached overseas production bases to sell micro-photo-reverse transformers to the world’s leading clean energy customers, and odm can do so.
In the future, companies will continue to benefit from the increased capacity of the offshore photovoltaic market and the production base, when it is built, to create a new growth point in performance.
vr/ar+robot+car+PV, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.