The electronics group has improved profitability, and the new layout is growing rapidly, at $129.79 per cent more than the previous year. q2 of this q2 has achieved an operating income of $8.074 billion.
This represents an increase of 4.32 per cent in the same year, with a net return of $601 million, an increase of 233.06 per cent in the same year and $645 million in the non-net profit, an increase of 181.04 per cent in the same year. 23h1 company performance continued to grow and new energy business developed rapidly. 23h1 company consumption
E-business consolidates its strengths, optimizes its product structure and client structure, supports robust growth by large clients. 23h1 consumer e-business achieves business income of $13.473 billion, compared to 1.
New energy business, expanding cooperation with front-line customers, such as cars, power cells, both inside and outside the country. 2. " In-depth research by intellectuals companies: ai+end smart manufacturing platform " , business cooperation with internationally leading customers in the clean energy sector, actively expanding production and achieving faster production
Growth. Automobile operations achieved revenues of $713 million, an increase of 72.46 per cent, and Māori rates of 0.23 pct, an increase of $914 million, an increase of 117.65 per cent, and Māori rates of 1.86 pc, an increase in profit.
It is a continuous process of product structural optimization and reduction of efficiency gains and improved cost-control, pct, q2 Māori rate of 20.48%, an increase of 0.98 ptc compared to the previous year.
As a result of technological innovation, the company's structure/vr structure has improved.
Production of optical components/acoustic components, Applevisionpro or the opening of a space computing platform; industrial penetration accelerated by large models of humanized robotics, and corporate fully-owned subsidiaries led by pelicans and Hanson cooperated in the optimization of human robot design, mass production testing, etc.
The new energy business has made a remarkable difference, and it's still growing. The company's acquisition of Selcon, India, and its introduction into the photovoltaic area provides an odm business for the global micro-reverse dragons, with a global market of nearly 80%, a 30% share of the company's surrogates, and a positive expansion will continue to take place.
In 21 years, we have acquired the Zhejiang Jintai formal layout power cell structures, providing products such as core aluminium shells, sheeting and transfer tablets, and an increase in the share of domestic and foreign customers in the supply of power cell structures, such as the Ningde era.
Weak consumer electronic demand, under-research and development of new products, risk of exchange rate fluctuations.