Events: On the evening of October 29th, the Twilight Nation published a tri-quarter report for 2024, the first three quarters of 2024, the demand for \triangleright special integrated circuits recovered less than expected, and the company’s performance was under pressure.
The company ' s operating income and net profits declined, mainly as a result of lower downstream demand and lower sales and unit prices for the company ' s special integrated circuit operations. According to the company ' s semi-annual report in 2024, RMB ' s special integrated circuit operations earned 1,244 million yuan in the first half of 2024, a decline of 42.52 per cent over the same period, with a decline in the share of revenues in the same year.
Active market openings, new products are moving well. In the event of less than expected recovery in demand in the industry, companies \triangleright remain strategically determined, maintain the intensity of R & D inputs, significantly improve R & D efficiency, and significantly shorten the R & D cycle, with a high rate of growth.
In the first half of 2024, the company’s fpga product continued to be a leader in the industry market, with a growing user base, and a new generation of higher-performance products was well advanced, with orders from a number of core clients. In the case of special storage units, companies continued to maintain the country’s most complete, full-scale domestic product series.
In Yoon Weiguchi, the newly developed swap chip has started to be supplied in bulk, and more than a dozen series of research and development have been completed.
A wide variety of applications are covered. Four-generation system-grade chips, rf-Li Shaoqing Soc products, General mcu, with a good overall push, are ordered by the user.
The company's products in the middle-end mcu, video chip, etc. are well advanced and will soon enter the company's future series of specialized processors. In the area of analogue products, the company has completed high-performance radio-frequency clocks, multiple access switches, high power sources, etc.
Performance amplifiers, Ether phy, high power tablets to isolate the power source design and streaming; launch of radio frequency 1. UV (002049.sz) year 2023 rating: sample transceivers, hypervelocity radio frequency adc, ultra low noise line power, ideal diode controllers, power monitoring
Super-expected performance was reported, with the special ic leader showing resilience to 2023/SIP-type enterprises that will continue to benefit from the growth of the special ic industry and the increased demand for national production replacements.
Risks of \triangleright; risks of new product R & D falling short of expectations; risks of attracting talent and maintaining innovation capacity; methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.