Jiang Xi Copper (600362). Performance meets expectations, revenue maintains growth. Company reports issued in the third quarter of 2018 and revenues of $162,597 million were realized in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 4.66 per cent over the same period.
This represents an increase of 1.79 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 767 million yuan, the volume of products sold in the same capacity has increased and revenue has increased. In the third quarter of 2018, the Yangtze River had an average price of 49.1 million yuan per ton of copper, a decline of 4.6 per cent in the ring ratio, benefiting from the company ' s products.
Sales increased, and the corporate business income ring increased by 7.79 per cent in the first quarter of the third quarter, a 1.3 per cent increase over the second quarter.
The financial cost was 174 million yuan, resulting in a decline of 175 million yuan in the ring, a decrease of 50.15 per cent, mainly due to the increase in interest income during the one-month period. The net interest rate on corporate sales was 1.41 per cent in the third quarter, and the ring increased by 0.61 per cent, as a result of the loss of corporate costs and impairment of assets.
• A significant improvement in operating cash flows. Net cash from corporate operations in January-September 2018 amounted to $4.208 billion, an increase of 181.02 per cent over the same period, while in the third quarter of the quarter, cash from corporate operations amounted to $3.403 billion, a significant increase in the ring ratio, mainly due to the strengthening of corporate accounts receivable
Ten thousand tons, about one third of the country’s identified reserves for industrial mining; 210,000 tons of copper in home-grown copper ore, or about a quarter of the country. Companies produce 210,000 tons of copper ore each year, with mining capacity far ahead of industry and mining capacity.
The cost advantage is that companies will benefit significantly in the cycle of rising copper prices. The rate of increase in the supply of copper is falling, and the stock of the exchange is falling considerably. The global supply of new copper is relatively limited, and the rate of increase in the supply of copper is declining, and we expect copper to grow in 2018.
The supply rate was about 3 per cent, lower than the rate of downstream consumption. As of 26 October, the London and Shanghai exchanges had a stock of 295,000 tons, a decline of 22.4 per cent from the previous year.
In the first place, in the context of rising copper prices, the company's business performance will be more flexible, maintaining a “precautionaryly recommended” investment rating. (2) Copper mines will be significantly expanded; (3) profits from copper processing products from companies will be significantly reduced;
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.