The Center for Resource and Environmental Research has a strong cost control and has once again demonstrated the company's strength by issuing a report for the first quarter of 2019, generating an operating income of 3,543 million yuan, an increase of 3.03 per cent over the same period, with a net return to the mother.
Corporate cost controls are excellent, and profits are higher than expected. The price of some of the products on the company’s layout has fallen since last quarter, with most products falling by more than 10%, or even 30%, in part, offset in part by a decline in the price of more than 10%.
Even so, the company, with its ability to manage at its own very high cost, still leads the industry significantly. On the one hand, the company’s cost optimization and technological improvements, the product’s smooth production, and the cost of its continuous decline, account for the profitability of the product.
“Waluhingl, a “focusing” and “longness” are relatively limited; on the other hand, the company's ethanol production line is already operating at a high level and its product quality is fully adequate to meet the requirements of its downstream high-end ethanol customers, and benefits from technological optimization and increased production-line start-up, public.
The cost of production of ethylene ethanol has declined significantly, even though prices have fallen to a low level of industry, and companies have been able to guarantee a good level of profitability. The cost of collating raw materials has declined to a certain extent, with 1q2019, and the company's Māori business rate has been 28.55 per cent, a decline of only 1.59 per cent compared to the same period last year, with an increase of 5.6 per cent in the ring ratio.
Since its inception, the company has maintained a business layout centred on coalification, horizontally and vertically, with product extension. The company “nodes” in the business layout are clear, the middle-line ammonia cogeneration coordinates the fertilizer, the chemical industry, and the subsequent node is regulated by methanol.
Production of products such as organamine, acetic acid, ethanol, etc. Flexible regulation of the start-up of operations according to the profitability of the products, thereby maximizing corporate profitability. The supply and demand patterns of the urea industry continue to improve, urea profits remain high and companies increase the production and marketing of fertilizers and synthetic ammonia products.
In 2019, the company launched the Ammonium and nylon new materials project and the lymphatic diacid quality upgrading project, extending the product chain layout.
Increased R & D investment, 405.98 per cent over the same period, laying the foundation for sustained technological optimization and business development by companies, and providing incentives for their long-term development.  Corporate costs are constantly being optimized, raw materials prices are falling, and scale production significantly reduces the cost of production of new products.
Risk of sharp fluctuations in crude oil prices: risk of significant deterioration of downstream demand: prices of ethanol have fallen sharply. Analysis of the relevant reported rating ratios in the market, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment