The price of the chemical products fell and the performance of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre continued to outpace expectations during the quarter.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved business income of $3.54 billion in the first quarter of 2019, an increase of 3.0 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of $640 million, a decrease of 12.5 per cent in the same year. • The prices of major products fell and performance ratios improved slightly beyond expectations.
The average price of acetic acid decreased by 34.2% in the first quarter of the year, the average price of acetic acid fell by $8414 in the same year, a decrease of 36.1% in the same year, the average price of methanol by $2257 tons, a decrease of 19.5% in the same year, and the average price of dmf by $4907 per ton, a decrease of 23.9% in the same year.
Coal prices remained strong, falling by 5 per cent over the same period, and AC prices fell by 8.8 per cent over the same period in the second quarter of last year. This represented a significant increase of 208,000 tons over the same period last year, adding 500,000 tons of ethanol to the production and release capacity of the ethanol project, resulting in a 32.4 per cent increase in corporate performance in the first quarter, with a 5.6 percentage point increase in the Maori round.
Quarterly R&D costs have increased significantly to 63 million yuan, rising by more than 400% on a year-on-year basis, and sales costs have been compounded by multiple factors that have led to low profitability due to freight charges and installation repairs, while corporate prices of major products have shown signs of stability in the last quarter. Overall, the performance of the quarter has improved significantly in the light of the industry’s low season.
International oil prices are stable, with cost advantages supporting profits, and 500,000 tons of ethanol contributing to a growth in performance. Brent oil prices, supported by production cuts, recovered from around $50/bpb at the beginning of the year to the current level of $70/bpb.
The lower coal industry will return to a profitable comfort zone. According to the latest prices, acetic acid, dmf, adipic acid, methanol, octanol base are stable, and as oil prices recover, they are expected to support higher profitability, urea, synthetic ammonia, and strong demand for fertilizer, ethanol is vulnerable to domestic production, but companies have a leading cost advantage in the industry.
As 500,000 tons of ethanol and 50,000 tons of melamine are released, corporate profitability will continue to rise. A new round of capital spending will start, opening up the company’s future growth.
With the use of synthetic gas resources, combined with the company ' s existing energy advantages of raw materials such as methanol and ammonia and steam and electricity, the development of the cyclohexone-hneamide-nylon6 (polyamide) sliced industrial chain will be carried out, and the project will be completed with the production of 300,000 tons (of which 200,000 tons are self-utilized), 200,000 tons of meth acid, and 200,000 tons of nylon 6 slices of nylon.
480,000 tons of ammonium, etc., which is expected to generate an average annual operating income of $5.61 billion, with a total profit of $450 million, will be a step forward in expanding the company ' s industrial chain and optimizing the product structure. Since 2017, with the rising demand for downstream nylon slices, the atmosphere in the domestic home-grown anamide industry has continued to improve, and our data monitoring shows that the industry was flat in 2018.
At the same time, the company will implement a project to upgrade the quality of the lysotid acid, using advanced and mature production techniques, build 1666 million tonnes/ythiodipic acid production units and, with the cyclohexol devices, improve the efficiency of the product and achieve high-end products and post-partum delivery.
The expected average annual operating income of $1.99 billion and the total profit of $290 million will further enhance the profitability of the business and open up the space for future growth.
It is expected that the company will continue to be valued for its future development No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.