Sales continue to grow, with slightly higher performance than expected.
Zhang Mingji incident: the company issued its first quarterly report in 2019, and during the reporting period it achieved a revenue of 3,543 million yuan, i.e. 3.0 per cent of the year, ring + 1.0 per cent of the year; net profit of 642 million yuan, i.e., ring + 32.4 per cent of the year.
-12.53 per cent; at the same time, the company issues quarterly business data bulletins.  A small increase in revenue at a surcharge, resulting in a steady recovery in net cost reductions.
Analysis of business data announced a downward trend in the average price of the company ' s main products during the quarter, with a 13.27 per cent decline in the average price of major products compared to q4, with a larger decline in fertilizer, acetic acid and polyols; the decline in the price of fertilizers exceeding the decline in the price of urea may be explained by an increase in the share of ammonium carbon and ammonium sulfon sales.
The growth in sales is the core factor that sustains growth in a context of falling prices. (1) For 18q4, sales of 19q1 are close to future sales, not occasional or seasonal.
Volatility, presumably based on a small balance of inventory at the end of the reporting period, mainly from 1803/1804/1901, reflecting the company's unsatisfied sales of 1804, stock build-up, while 1901 did not appear to be in stock; this compares to 18q4 parts of urea production-related devices and 160,000 tonnes/year adipic acid, 50,000 tonnes/year ethanol, etc.
Xu Quinlan's 15-day overhaul also delayed production to a certain extent. (2) The company's 500,000 tons of ethanol devices are in operation and are in good condition.
The single-quarterly production of polyol plates (180,000 tonnes/year + 50,000 tonnes/year of ethanol) is generally stable and currently largely full, with polyol plates selling at a rate of more than 100% per quarter, reflecting smooth sales. (3) The company's “other products” plates achieve revenue of 593 million yuan per quarter and their ring ratio + 91 million yuan.
His product plate consists mainly of the sale of methanol, liquid ammonia, melamine, nitrate, and americium. Due to an increase of about 50-60,000 tons in the sales of diethanol in one season, the corresponding out-sales of methanol were reduced by about 60-70,000 tons, and the total share/salea share (in thousands)
And the average price of each product has fallen, but the income of the “other product” plate has not fallen inversely, and we've judged it for two or ten thousand shares of circulation b/h: one is that the company's gasification/amino platform load may continue to increase, as in the case of liquid ammonia.
Taking into account our performance assessment of the company's 1803, the second is the contribution of the 50,000 tons of melamine device, which became operational at the end of last year. 7 million tons of coal (5 million tons of raw coal + 2 million tons of powered coal), 150,000 tons of pure benzene,
150 000 tons of acrylic, measured as falling raw material prices in a quarter, caused a cost ring decline of about 123 million, and the elimination of the phased factors, referring to the cost increases resulting from the commissioning of 17q4 ammonia devices and 20-day overhauls.In terms of costs, the company ' s first quarter operating tax surcharges and four costs totalled 263 million and the ring + 44 million.
According to the cost perspective, the price difference between the major bulk items in the company’s main business is already at the bottom of the medium and long term. (1) According to the FCN data, the market price for ethyl diol was R$4630/ton and methanol as of 19 April.
RMB/t, full cost of ethanol is expected to be approximately RMB 4,000/t; therefore, at current cost, methanol per ton = 2185/1-1800* 0.85 = 110 ton, ethanol per ton for profit Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity
1 WallauHingl (600426). Publication of draft Second Equity Incentives, with moderate difficulty and good incentive effect.
Taking into account the trend in raw materials and coal prices, we judge products such as methanol, ethanol and so on in terms of marginal costs,2 and the three-quarterly review of Warluheungl: one-season harvest is a high innovation, and the price difference is at the bottom of the medium- and long-term.
(2) The recent rise in crude oil prices, which has risen from US$ 50/bpm to the current US$70/bpm level, as well as from US$ 570/tonne/tonne/tonne/pm/pm/pm/pm/pm/pm/pmpppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
At around $630 per ton, the cost of production in the same industry has generally risen, and the company’s main product prices have been raised since the beginning of the year,4 and are reported in Hualu Hisseng 2017: acetic acid, urea urea – 2.5%, octanol + 8.2%, and ethanol – 8.5%.
The chemical is currently in the active inventory phase of the 2016-to-date cycle, and it is expected that the price hub will continue to rise, that the ethanol project will be worthwhile, and that the pattern will be a three-year stock cycle, while the safety, environmental stress and price scenario of the current round will continue.
Longer-term delays in the de-evaluation of stocks are expected to occur later this year, but given the cost side support and supply pressures from safe environmental governance in parks, it is expected that the price fluctuations for chemical products may not be greater than those for stocks than they would be for a slower de-stocking process.
Advance to the next round of capital spending and start the next round of growth of the 6.6 billion new materials project. The company announced in March that the Quality Improvement Project for Congenitate Dipic acid (QQIP) and the New Materials Project for Ammonium linylon (NPP) project were two projects in mid-year; two projects combined produced 300,000 tons of anamide, of which 200,000 tons were for production.
200,000 tonnes of Pa6 out-sales, and another 100,000 tonnes + the remaining 6-7 million tonnes have been used to produce 16.66 million tonnes of adipic acid, with 200,000 tonnes of aric acid and 480,000 tonnes of ammonium sulfide.
The investment climate is much better for industry leaders than for small businesses, from 2016 to 2018, the landscape and industry fixed-asset investments can be seen in the fact that the boom has not led to large-scale, widespread industrial expansion, with capital spending largely concentrated in the leading firms, which can predict the future of the industry.
Energy growth and price competition will be much smaller than in previous cycles, with companies breaking past five years of capital spending cycles, pre-positioning conducive to pre-emption and staggering of the industry cycle; (2) On the other hand, while evading adverse factors such as the temporary contraction of coal indicators in the chemical industry, the company will be able to reduce the price of coal.
Expanding to the field of fine chemicals, new materials, is a moat for building up the company's product chain itself, becoming a major chemical company for coal-chemicals that does not rely solely on cost and management advantages, but rather a sophisticated chemical company with industrial chain depth, product barriers.
“Very recommended” ratings are maintained. Walluhingl (600426): Production and sales continue to grow, with slightly more than expected performance.
Zhang Ming-hoon Master of Chemical Engineering, Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, 3 years of experience in chemical industry, research in chemical industry, Liu Woo-Chou, since 2015
Master of Finance, University of Management of Singapore, B.A. Finance Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Double Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, PhD in Chemical Engineering, University of Ohio, United States, cfa, three years of experience in chemical industry. Many leading international academic journals, with 5 national and foreign patents and more than 10 papers signed by leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times cumulatively. B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, Master in Chemical Engineering, University of Tulsa, United States, four years of experience in overseas chemical industry, joined Dongxing in May 2018.
Xu Kullen Benko and M.A. are both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Qinghua, where they worked at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in the management of chemical technology development and analysis of their own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.