China Nuclear Power, China Nuclear Power (601985) tri-quarterly report and evaluation report discloses three-quarterly reports that the company achieved business income of 28.155 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 10.41 per cent over the same period; net profits of 3,850 million yuan.
In 2018, Unit 3 of Jiang Soda Bay was shipped on 15 February, and the first unit of ap1000, Unit 1, was placed under commercial conditions on 21 September, bringing the company to 19 units with a total installed capacity of 16.7gw. In 2018, the electrical environment improved significantly, with a comparable increase in electricity consumption for the whole of society in January-September.
With 14 major repairs planned, 9 completed in the first half of the year and fewer major repairs in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year, fleet utilization will increase in the second half of the year and electricity distribution is expected to increase further.
In the context of the deepening structural reforms on the country’s supply side, the market for electricity has been expanding, with a 30 per cent market for nuclear power in the province of Fujian 2018h1. Marketed electricity trades, using a tender model, would result in a lower real price of electricity than the approved feed-in price, resulting in a growth rate of less than 10.41 per cent in the previous three quarters.
Power generation increased by 13.55%, but companies still achieved a high Māori rate of 44.3% through good cost controls. In the future, companies will be able to fully deploy their fleets by participating more extensively in the city on-the-ground power trading, using increased power generation to hedge the price of marketed tradable electricity.
The value-added tax (VAT) in the first three quarters of 2018, which was included in other income items, was returned to $1,046 million, a decrease of $783 million. Five years after the operation of the nuclear power unit, the company controlled units of Qinshan II, Unit 1, and Qinshan III, Unit 1, Unit 1, Unit, entered the 15th year of operation this year.
The financial costs of the 2018q3 company increased by $540 million over the same period, mainly as a result of increased interest on post-natal costs incurred by the additional crews, and exchange gains and losses. The impact of the adjustment in the price of Fukuchi electricity was not reflected in the statement for the three quarters of 2017, which was accounted for at a price of 0.43 yuan/degree, and the price of Fukuchi electricity was adjusted at 2017q4 and retroactively, resulting in a significant fall in profits during the quarter.
4. Growing income and profits in the construction and start-up of new construction projects, the country ' s determination to develop nuclear power has not wavered, and the Energy Work Guidance 2018 provides for the start of 6-8 nuclear power units in the course of the year.
Four units of Vver-1200 will be located in China after the framework contracts were signed for Tian Wan 7, 8 and Xu Da Fort 3, 4. The Tianzhou nuclear power was licensed on June 29 for a change of course, and it was determined that a fleet of 14 aircraft with autonomous intellectual property rights would be built. The company’s reserve site covered ap1000, the “Wallon I” and Russian technology Vver-1200, which could be started in the future.
New power projects are about to begin, companies will be the biggest beneficiaries as shareholders in nuclear power plants, and new projects will add to the company's future development.
The company, a leading domestic nuclear power operator, has steadily increased its revenue from the sale of electricity in the context of the ever-expanding load and the improved electricity environment, and will continue to operate at high rates in the second half of the year. The net profits will be restored in the fourth quarter, ongoing construction projects and the start of new projects that are about to start, which will provide very ample room for growth in the company ' s future. We expect the company to earn $37.75 billion from 2018 to 2020, respectively.
There's a decline in electricity use, a failure to approve new nuclear power projects, a sharp drop in the price of marketed and traded electricity, a source of financial growth in the East, a source of financial growth in the East.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
He Dynasty Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry, and joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2018 for electricity equipment and new energy research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.