In the third quarter of 2018, the Chinese company Nuclear Power (601985) reported a steady increase in revenue and a further increase in future power generation.
The company generated electricity at a steady rate, with a short-term impact on the collection of electricity. Three nuclear power units, Unit 1, were officially commercialized on 21 September 2018, and since then the company has put 19 nuclear power units into commercial operation, increasing the holding capacity to 16716 megawatts.
In the previous three quarters, the cumulative commercial power generation of 84,944 million kilowatt-hours increased by 13.55 per cent over the same period, but as a result of the positive progress made in the electricity reform in 2018, the liberalization of competitive chain prices outside of distribution, the further expansion of the share of electricity competition in the Internet and the reduction in the average price of electricity on the Internet, which resulted in an increase of 10.41 per cent in the rate of harvests.
Less than 13.3 per cent of the increase in power generation is currently in reserve for ap1000, the "Walong One" and vver, and three 2 and Tanyae 4 are expected to be operational during the year, in addition to the construction work under way for Fukugi 4 and 6.
The U.S. has issued a ban on the transfer of nuclear energy, and the interest in autonomous nuclear power technology is expected to increase further.
On October 11, 2018, the U.S. Department of Energy issued Measures to Prevent the Illegal Transfer by China of U.S. Civil Nuclear Technologies for Military or Other Unauthorized Purposes.
China’s nuclear power technology has outpaced itself, threatening the interests of the US. As China’s representative of nuclear power, China’s three-generation nuclear power technology, the Hualong I, has now reached 85% national production, and imports have not necessarily used U.S. equipment.
China’s autonomous technology brand, the Hualong One, will gain greater attention in the field of nuclear power, becoming the backbone of China’s three-generation nuclear power technology. New projects will not be approved as expected.
Figure 1: Companies reporting operating income in three quarters (million yuan) and growth rate (%): Companies reporting net gains in the third quarter (billion yuan) and increase in the third quarter (%): Companies reporting three fees in the third quarter (billion yuan)
Figure 4: Māori coverage reported by companies for the third quarter of the year Figure 5: Company power generation from 2017, 2018 (millions of kWh) Figure 6: Company electricity from 2017, 2018 (billions of kWh) on-line