Improved profitability, attention to reboot of new project approvals, China Nuclear Power (601985) 3rd Quarterly Review in 2018, and China Nuclear Power 3rd Quarterly Report in 2018.
Power generation has steadily increased, and corporate profitability has improved. Benefiting from the new fleet production (three 1 machines in September 2001) and an average increase of 68 hours in the use of nuclear power equipment in the first three quarters, the company accumulated 84,944 million kilowatt-hours in the previous three quarters, an increase of 13.55 per cent in the same period, and the booster belt.
The operating income of moving companies has increased steadily. The Māori rate for companies in the third quarter was 44.30 per cent, the main factor behind the improvement in the capacity of Jan Ouéné in comparison to Rupee/Ripiti.
The company’s financial costs in the first three quarters were $3.811 billion, an increase of 4.1.2.4 percentage points over the previous three quarters, and the value-added tax on units such as Qinshan and Tanyae was returned in the previous three quarters.
783 million yuan. In addition, the adjustment of the price of the nuclear power plant in Fuku Qing did not reflect the increase of 1.31 per cent in the previous three quarters in the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, if the adjustment of the price of the electricity was made during the same period last year.
Kilowatts, if put into production as planned, the company's combined installed capacity would increase by 11.4 per cent over the next three years, and the pace of construction of nuclear power plants has accelerated since this year, with ap1000 of the world's first piles - three nuclear power units - in the post-partum phase, new projects are expected to accelerate, and companies will grow in space in the future.
West Side, 28 West Rixie Street, 1,000 Heng-hoon-ho, and Fukuda City, Fukuwa, 6th tax-free.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The client of the company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) does not regard the recipient as a client and not a reader who has no business relationship with the company.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and published, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report on the basis of analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report, based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information, and market performance. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client. Based on the company ' s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, a study on the value of listed companies is consulted with the opinion of a professional finance consultant.
This report and the performance of the company’s future relevant studies.