W.L.R.E.C. Fujian base layout, which perpetuates the dominance of the polyurethane industry chain, W.W. and F.P.C. have a joint venture with W.W.F., with 80 per cent of the company's holdings, and a joint venture.
To build 400,000 tonnes/year of mdi and amphetamine packages, with 64% of the share in the Jean-Fukuji Cornel, and to expand the original 100,000 tonnes of tdi capacity to 250,000 tonnes, build 400,000 tonnes/year pvc and renew the Great Gasification Project: and to acquire 49% of the south-east electrification share held in Fujian petrochemicals, with planned upgrades
It has a capacity of 600,000 tons, providing raw materials and public engineering support for the mdi and tdi projects.
Building on the two main domestic polyurethane production bases, further expanding the Fujian production base, based on the original base layout of Fujian Konar, in combination with the company's mature production processes and leading technology levels.
Ten thousand tonnes (excluding the already built 500,000 tonnes of capacity), tdi production capacity of 300,000 tonnes, domestic polyurethane supply chain, and as the new base is constructed, the company will further strengthen the competitive advantage of existing products, not only in terms of their size, but also in combination with the smoke station, Ningbo, and Fujian base.
The Bureau’s Eastern Market, which takes over the South-East Market in conjunction with the depth of regional advantages, further deepens the integration of industrial chains into South-East Asia and beyond, and continuously enhances the competitive edge of business costs. The company works with Fujian’s Deep Fossil, building on the joint venture to establish the Van Wafch’s Company, and is powered south-east to mdi through the joint venture layout.
Products such as tdi provide raw materials such as falcon and project packages, combining the development advantages of the two parties and the integrated layout of the project's own industrial chains such as benzidine, gasification, pvc, etc. The new base will also build a good industrial chain.
Geographical advantages, combined with partner advantages, will make it possible to build a new integrated development park. Similar to smoke stations, Ningbo, Fujian base coastal layout, based on geographical advantages and the advantages of Fujian petrochemical partners, Fujian
The base is based on the layout of products such as polyurethane, which is a good basis for the extension of the petrochemical industry chain and provides sufficient development space for the company’s long-term multi-operational layout.
The company has accumulated the polyurethane industry for many years and has a good profit base; the petrochemical project will contribute to the company ' s medium-term performance growth: the end fine product will be expected to contribute to the long-term growth of the company.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment