The Van Huafujia Base has started to further strengthen the domestic layout — the Van Hua Chemical (600309.sh) company issued an announcement that the Van Hua and Fujian Petroleum Chemical Group Ltd. (Favourized) had 80 per cent: 20 per cent.
The unit financed the purchase of 64% of Fujian Cornell ' s shares in cash and its assets (subsidized southeast electrochemical tdi devices, related land use rights and direct appliance devices, at a price) and invested in the construction of 400,000 tons of mdi and amphetamine support projects. The joint venture acquired and expanded 100,000 tons of tdi and 250,000 tons of new Electrification in the southeast.
Cao Xuant built 400,000 tons of pvc and renewed the gas gas project. Huhua also acquired 49% of the share in the Southeast Electric Corporation, providing raw materials for the above-mentioned project, supporting public works and expanding the existing and ongoing 12+300,000 tons of burning.
The project product programme (mdi, tdi main product, coupled with nitrobenzene, amphetamine intermediate product, and the construction of gasification units upstream) is well developed.
The successful experience of the bc acquisition will be applied effectively to the Fujian base, where the construction and acquisition of Swedish companies will be steadily advanced by a sound equity structure.
The company's three bases are being better configured. The penetration rate will increase further. Three main sites, smoke stations, Ningbo, and Fujian, are being built to strengthen the company's leadership in polyurethane, along with enhanced safeguards for the materials of isocyanate in the south-western and south-western regions of Joohai and Sichuan.
The increase in the company’s performance in the post-natal period is expected to be between $1.0 billion and $1.5 billion in the current climate. The expansion of the mdi and tdi production capacity further strengthens the icylate voice. The post-natal capacity of the company mdi is 2.5 million tons (i.e. 2.3 million tons of interest), the tdi 800,000 tons (i.e. 750,000 tons of interest) and the domestic capacity ratio.
The project ' s unique barriers are being shaped by epoch and photogas indicators. Current Mdi construction and photogas indicators in the country are becoming more difficult to achieve with policy considerations, and projects have been reviewed and obtained with photogas indicators to shape companies.
Unique barriers in the field of isocyanate. Three advantages of innovation, integration, and gardening are efficient and synergistic.
Weakly reducing the cost of pvc, retraced the Quantities to prove its excellence. 1 , HDI In-depth Study 2019-12-2, HDEC Review (New Edition Industry Restructuring).
Guidance catalogue published: In-depth knowledge of industrial structure development 3, " HD chemistry " (600309.sh): profiles of research assistants for quality projects
Liu Shaoqing, Master of Chemical Engineering, University of Xi'an, University of Tianjin, formerly in China's Chemball Engineering Co. Ltd., six years of chemical consulting and design experience, 2019 years old and currently irrelevant, and future will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the paper are for information only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
Any investment decision made by an investor on the basis of a bid or bid is not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.