China's oil petrochina (601857ch) reported a 55.3 per cent increase in net profits in the first half of the year over the same period: 1h22report: 1h22ntsincreased55.3 per cent.
China Oil published its 2022 semi-annual report. In the first half of the year, the company realized business income.
In the second quarter of this year, the average crude oil price in Brunte reached $11,209 per barrel, and the ring ratio continued to rise. Oil prices rose, and oil and gas increased.
In the second quarter of this year, 43,329 million bill-of-square-quarter net profit returns were the highest $82,455 million in the first quarter of 2008, representing the company’s total operating income.
In the first half of the year, the company produced 845 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the same period.
The industry makes a profit of 88 million yuan. We believe that the refining industry will be able to achieve relative stability of profitability by raising the price of the finished oil at a time when the price of the oil will rise, and that there will be some savings in the pool; whereas the chemical product price will be relatively marketed, because the price of the raw material will rise too fast.
In the first half of the year, the price of ethylene-stone oil fell by US$ 271 per barrel, a 38% decline in the same year. Marketing: the effective implementation of the pricing mechanism for finished oil contributed to the increase in profits.
During the year, the company’s sales portfolio realized operating gains of $8,522 million, an increase of 28.3 per cent over the same year. We believe that, while the volume of finished oil sales has declined on a year-on-year basis, the company’s sales portfolio has increased its profits, driven by higher prices.
Natural gas and pipeline operations: The large increase in the cost of purchasing gas constrained profitability. During the first half of the year, the company ' s natural gas and pipeline operations realized an operating gain of $13.649 billion, a decrease of 63 per cent compared to the same period last year; after removing the impact of the Konlon energy pipeline asset restructuring, the return was lower than the same period of the previous year.
26.5%. We believe that the significant increase in the cost of purchasing gas has led to a decline in the profitability of the company ' s gas sales portfolio. During the first half of the year, the company ' s gas sales portfolio generated a 27.6% increase in revenue over the year, while the cost increased by 48.3% over the same period.
The decline in the business climate will affect the profitability of the company ' s oil refining and chemical industry.