China's Big Stone (600176) in-depth report. China's Big Stone Company Ltd. was established in 1993 and has its headquarters in Zhejiang Province.
The company’s overall equity structure is stable, backed by strong corporate shareholders, combined with more dynamic private shareholders, and becomes an inherent advantage of the company’s business development.
In recent years, companies have been active in promoting high-end strategies for products, such as wind veils, hot-plastic short cuttings, etc.
In the past, fibres were mainly used in areas such as building materials, industrial equipment, etc. With social development, fibres are in optical margins, low airways, etc.
In the coming years, new energy sources, light-quantified and high-end manufacturing will be the main driving force behind the growth of the demand for fibre optics. Companies have built solid barriers to competition.
A high-end transition from dependence on low- and medium-end products in the past to high- and medium-end areas, especially the high-end layout of wind and electronic cloths, and the promotion of internationalization strategies. This will continue to build firm corporate barriers to competition.
A net profit of 2,568 million yuan, an increase of 67.51 per cent over the same period. q1/q2/q3 earned 4,479 million/463 billion and 4795 million, respectively, in a single quarter.
Its technological advantages and ability to upgrade its products, coupled with an increase in the share of high-end products, will make it possible in the future to gain a higher level of profit and achieve sustained improvements in profitability. Summing up and recommending investment: China’s Great Stone is a leading global company in the fibre optic industry, on a scale and in terms of size.
Technology, cost, market layout, etc. have significant advantages. Companies have complete product lines and leading capacity, global market shares exceed 30%, and their share in high-end segmented markets, such as wind and electronics, continues to rise.
The share of end-products has increased, and the company’s performance is expected to increase over the next few years. Corporate capital investments are projected to fall short of expectations, resulting in lower demand in the industry. New energy and electronics demand are not as high as expected, resulting in inadequate downstream demand. The cost of raw materials has risen and profits have fallen.
China Giant Stone Co. Ltd. (“China Giant Stone”) was founded in 1993 and headquartered in the city of Kiyosu, Zhejiang Province, is the world’s leading fibreglass manufacturer. The company, formerly under the banner of Zhense Group, was formed in 1999 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600176).
In terms of shareholder structure, China’s building blocks (US$) are the company’s first largest shareholders, with a 29.22% shareholding: the Zhenshi Group is the second largest shareholder, with a 16.88% shareholding. The firm’s overall equity structure is stable, backed by strong and large shareholders, and a combination of more dynamic private shareholders is an inherent advantage in the company’s business development.
After decades of development, China’s Great Stone has grown into a leader in a well-managed, technologically advanced and well-marketed industry. With Zhejiang, Jiang Xixijiang, Sichuan Chengdu, Jiang Suhuayan, Suez, Egypt, and South Carolina, the United States of America, six major production bases have been built, with more than 20 large-scale multi-cylinder lasi production lines, with a total annual production capacity of more than 3 million tons.
The variety of products covers more than 3000 specifications in more than 20 major categories, such as alkaline non-skinned fibre, short-cut silk, short cuts, square-coated fabric, and electronic fabric, and meets more than 60,000 applications.
China’s giant stones are mainly engaged in the production and sale of fibreglass and products, forming a complete industrial chain layout, ranging from raw materials and veils to fibre-optic products, with a clear trend towards a diversified and high-end product structure. The fibreglass is a new inorganic non-metal material, including the fibreglass combs (the industry’s short term is “brough veil”) and electricity.
Subscopic fibre-shapes (in the industry, the shorts). The fibres are made of foliage, highland soil, limestone, stone sand, etc. The ore is made of high temperature molten, razing, drying, gauze, etc., with single-wire diameters ranging from a few millimeters to twenty millimeters, equivalent to 1/20 to a fifth of a hairwire, each of which is made from hundreds or even thousands of filaments.
The fibreglass is light, strong, corrosion-resistant, electrical insulation, and is an important component of the country ' s strategic new material industry.
Crude: Depending on the base content of the glass, it can be divided into non-alkali fibres, medium-alkali fibres and high-alkali fibres, with non-alkali fibres accounting for more than 95% of industry-wide production. Products are widely used for transport (moderate quantities of vehicles and vehicles), renewable energy (wind power, light voltage), electronic communications (hot plastics), energy conservation and environmental protection, etc.
In the downstream areas, there are more dynamic applications (car light quantification, wind power, photovoltaic, 5g) as well as procyclical applications (building, construction, tubes, etc.).
It is typically made of single-wire 9 micrometres and below, which can provide two-way (or multi-directional) enhancement effects, which are essential building blocks, called "electronic fabrics." In the electronics industry, the coatings are made of glues made of different resins, which form the basis for the coatings of copper (in-industry, copper panels, ccl), whereas the caps are the exclusive basis for the printing of circuit boards (pcb).
This material should be used mainly for electronic communications. As the terminal electronic equipment is “light, thin, short, small” it will continue to develop in a thin, light, high-quality direction. Corporate sales have continued to rise, with sales of coarses and products rising from 2.0859 million tons in 2020 to 302.5 tons in 2024.
At the same time, the company ' s products are widely used in various sectors of the national economy, such as building materials (e.g. thermal insulation materials, glass and steel construction materials), transportation (light and quantitative parts of cars, orbital transport materials), electronics (printing circuit boards), industrial equipment (chemical pipelines, preservation equipment), new energy sources (wind leaves, photovoltaic components bordering), etc.
The company will actively promote high-end product strategies, and the rapid growth in sales of high-value-added products such as wind veils, hot-plastic short-cuts, etc., will contribute to a sustained improvement in the company’s future performance.
3.1 The industry presents a pattern of oligopolistic competition The fibreglass industry is characterized by high financial and technical barriers and a high concentration of global and Chinese markets, with a pattern of oligarchic competition. According to the company’s annual report, China’s Great Stone, Tarzan Glass Fibres Ltd., and Chongqing International Complex Materials Unit
A total of about 70 per cent of the world ' s fibre-optic production capacity is accounted for by SOC, U.S. Owensconin (oc), Japan Electric Nitrogen (neg) and Shandong Fibres and Co. Ltd., which together account for about 70 per cent of the world ' s total fibre-optic production capacity; and China ' s three fibre-optic producers, which together account for about 70 per cent of the country ' s fibre-optic capacity, are the largest of China ' s giant stones.
After the year, production of fibreglass composites slowed, mainly as a result of price fluctuations in raw materials and increased competition in the market, and according to statistics, the country ' s total production of fibreglass veils in 2024 amounted to 7,56 million tons, an increase of 4.6 per cent from the same year, which continued at a low rate for the next two years. In 2024, our total production of kilns reached 7.26 million tons, an increase of 5.7 per cent from the previous year.
Future breakthroughs in high-end applications will boost the new demand for fibres. 3.2 The structure of fibres demand is constantly optimized, and fibres are used as an enhanced base for composite materials, and demand is closely linked to macroeconomic and downstream industrial development.
In terms of the ball, the main applications are concentrated in infrastructure and construction materials, transport, electrical and electronics, energy conservation, consumer goods, other (marine industry, aerospace, medical, etc.), accounting for 25%, 24%, 18%, 14%, 8%, 11%, respectively. In the past, fibres were used mainly in construction materials, industrial equipment, etc.
In the next few years, new energy, light-quantified, and high-end manufacturing will be the main driving forces behind the growth of demand for fibres. In the new energy sector, the boom in wind power and light-voltaic industries will significantly boost demand for fibres.
With fibreglass enhancement, wind fibres are expected to grow at high speeds as the capacity of the world ' s wind installed power is rapidly increased. In light-voltaic power generation, fibre-optic composites can be used for photovoltaic components bordering, scaffolding, etc., and the expansion of the photovoltaic industry is similar. In the area of transport, a light quantitative trend is evident in automobiles, and vehicle manufacturers are increasing in number in order to improve energy efficiency and continuity.
In the electronics sector, the development of the 5g communications, artificial intelligence, and material networking industries has contributed to the high-end printing of circuit boards (pcb).
In addition, increased demand for energy-efficient and environmentally friendly materials in building materials has created market space for fibreglass thermal insulation materials, glass steel materials, etc. Overall, downstream applications are accelerating from traditional buildings, pipelines, etc.
The company has built solid barriers to competition, and China’s giants have an advantage in size and cost, and is now actively engaged in a high-end transformation, relying on low- and medium-end products from the past.
This will continue to build firm corporate barriers to competition. Size and cost have advantages: domestic alumni’s pool kilns are generally small, cost-control capabilities are weak, and China’s Stones are weak.
With a single-line production capacity of 120,000 tons, well above the industry average, this large-scale production model helps reduce unit output, improves overall operational efficiency, and creates significant cost advantages. At the same time, the company relies on mine ownership, leaves wax self-sustaining 80% of its resources, and has a strong capacity to negotiate energy purchases, making its ton of production less expensive in the long run.
The product structure continues to be optimized: according to the annual report for 2024, China’s Great Stones, in its downstream applications, accounted for 34% of building materials, 16%, 21%, 14%, and 15% of electronics, electronics, wind power, and industrial equipment respectively. While demand in the capital sector as a whole is low, the market for wind power and lightly quantified automobiles shows a strong presence.
In addition, the layout of China’s Great Stone on high-end product lines has created structural growth opportunities, such as low-end electricity.
Special fibre-optic products, such as low-dk, are widely applied to the ai chip and high-end circuit boards, meeting the special requirements of high-performance electronics for materials. The global layout of production capacity and market opening: China’s giant stones pursue a development war of “global layout of production capacity, global expansion of markets”
With new construction and technological changes to expand the size of production capacity and invest abroad to close the market and avoid barriers to trade, companies have formed a domestic network of four major production bases: China, China, China, Southwest, and North China; abroad, production bases have been established in the United States and Egypt to meet about 50% of overseas market demand.
By 2025, firms’ overseas capacity had increased by about 25%, and global capacity to operate had increased significantly. At the same time, firms were actively studying and demonstrating the possibilities of deployment in other countries and regions to further expand their global supply chain systems.
In terms of distribution networks, China’s giant stones have performed well in terms of coverage and responsiveness in the global distribution network, further consolidating their leading position in the fibre-optic industry. By 2025, companies had established marketing networks in more than 100 countries and territories, including North America, the Middle East, Europe, South-East Asia, and Africa, and had four branches abroad, including the United States and the United States.
Countries, Spain, Japan, etc. This broad global layout enables companies to respond quickly to market demand in different regions, particularly in high-end applications such as wind power, new energy vehicles, where clients demand high-quality delivery cycles and quality stability, and where China’s Great Stone can provide more competitive support with efficient supply chain management and localization services.
In 2022, the company actually earned about 20,192 million yuan, a 2.5 per cent increase: $6,610 billion in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
In 2025, the company rebounded significantly. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved total operating income of 13.904 billion yuan, and in 2025 the company resumed growth, largely as a result of higher product prices and high-end product structure optimization, especially the new prices of wind power, veils and hot plastics, as well as the successful advancement of electronic veils/brush price letters.
Figure 7: China’s Great Stone’s operating income over the last 10 years and changes in the same ratio (in figure 8: China’s Great Stone’s net profit and net profit on belonging for the last 10 years and higher on the same margin), with the company’s overall Māori sales rate and net profit rate rising markedly the same year. The company’s overall gross sales point in the third quarter of 2025, with the company’s profit rate rising to the bottom.
On the whole, with the launch of the Anti-Intracursor Initiative by the Boil Industry Association, which emphasizes the rejection of low-cost malignant competition and promotes a steady recovery in industrial prices, companies, with their technological advantages and ability to upgrade their products, will be able to gain a higher level of profit in the future and achieve a sustained improvement in profitability through an increase in the share of high-end products.
China’s giant stones, as the global leader in the boulders industry, have significant advantages in terms of size, technology, cost, and market layout. Companies have complete product lines and leading capacity, global market ownership exceeds 30%, and their share in high-end segmented markets such as wind, electric veils, electronic cloths, etc., continues to rise.
Companies have continued to grow, covering for the first time, with an “enhancement” rating. (1) Industry capacity has exceeded expectations and product prices have recovered below expectations. (2) Real estate and capital investments have fallen short of expectations, resulting in lower demand in the industry.
(3) Unexpected demand for new energy and electronics leads to insufficient downstream demand. (4) The cost of raw materials rises and profits fall.
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.