New energy orders are growing high and have benefited all the way from China's construction (601868.sh) event: companies publish their annual report for 2022.
The amount of the new contract was $991.01 billion, an increase of 23.7 per cent over the same period; survey design and consulting
A breakdown of construction operations shows that new energy sources and combined smart energy projects have increased significantly, with new contracts of $35.5 billion, or 83.9 per cent, compared to the previous year.
33.8 per cent, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the previous year; the number of new contracts for traditional energy works is ahead of the 10th anniversary and is expected to benefit from the “one-way” ratio. In 2022, the proportion was 22.86 per cent, ranking first among the eight largest companies.
The new contract for the wire market was $165.3 billion, an increase of 39.9 per cent compared with the previous year, representing some 68.8 per cent of the overseas contract.
Representative projects such as hydroelectric power stations and accompanying transmission projects: In the context of new energy operations, the Viet Nam Tienfu Sea Wind and Power Project, the Jetsu State Water Light Storage Integration Project, Kazakhstan, and the 150mw compressed air storage energy project in South Africa were signed outside the company
In the area of urban construction, projects have been signed outside the company, such as the housing project in the Abu Dhabiai falah region and Alraha Island of the United Arab Emirates, the ASEAN International Economic and Economic Cultural Service Centre in South Asia, Sri Lanka, and the Malaysian Maritime Authority Administrative Complex.
On the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the “away” the company is expected to strengthen its cooperation with projects in the countries along the border, including in the area of infrastructure, and its overseas performance is expected to grow further. By leveraging capital markets, it will accelerate the development of new energy businesses.
Through affiliates to split up markets, start a share refinancing, launch highway-type reits, and leverage capital markets, expand access to finance, and increase investment in new energy sources. Companies can draw on planned designs, jobs, etc. in the field of electricity engineering.
On the other hand, companies actively take advantage of new energy resources. In 2022, companies took advantage of new energy sources.
Energy development target: 16.24 million kilowatts, 39.8 per cent more than the previous year, cumulative access to wind, development target: 30.13 million kilowatts of light and new energy, investment in the construction of Guangxi Zong Zong Zhen One energy base I, decentralized wind power in Lakebei City and the Guangdong Tung Tung Sea
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. No part of my remuneration has been, is not or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.