The warm wind is melting and the tap is back on the market for the largest nuclear power operator in the country:
In total, the company manages 24 nuclear power units, accounting for 55.70% of the country’s total installed capacity, and is the country’s largest nuclear power developer and operator. Globally, the company’s management fleet is second only to France’s edf and Russia’s rosatom, the third largest.
The third generation of nuclear power has increased in safety, design life, and efficiency, compared to the second generation. In July 2019, the nuclear power projects in Yongxong Shandong, Fujianzhou and Taiping Guangdong marked the start of nuclear power.
Given that nuclear power is a viable way to meet the carbon emission reduction commitments, the state provides policy support in a number of ways, such as the guaranteed elimination of nuclear power, with substantial tax incentives. Coastal nuclear power is close to the east to meet the demand for electricity, and has great potential for increasing the capacity of the basic load:
China ' s energy consumption structure has gradually shifted towards the target developed countries, and it is expected that nuclear power will be developed vigorously, assuming that China ' s combined capacity and power generation will increase at a combined rate of hundreds of thousands of kilowatts in 2019H1-2030, 3.24 times the capacity of the nuclear power plant in 2019 H1 kW. Coastal nuclear power is close to the east.
Electricity needs, suitable for basic load capacity upgrading, have great potential. In the build-up of the plant, there is a high level of production, stocking and growth certainty: the Ping Ridge nuclear power project has been approved and there is now a high probability that the company will start working on a nuclear power project in the near future.
12.9gw, accounting for 35.2% of the total capacity currently being built by companies, will be growing in parallel with the company’s growth of electricity on the Internet and its performance as its crew moves into production. Compared to China’s nuclear power supply, China’s control of the cost of Hiroshima is gradually being optimized, and Roe and free cash flow are better off:
In 2014, China’s Hiroshima business costs were consistently lower than China’s nuclear power, with a higher rate of R & D input, and a stronger future capacity for innovation and sustainable growth. In recent years, China’s Hiroshima roe has outperformed China’s nuclear power, showing that China’s Hiroshima is more valuable to shareholders than China’s nuclear power.
With a higher gold content, greater cash support for capital spending, and a much higher flow of free cash than China’s nuclear power. Given the company’s leading industry in terms of shipping capacity and operating efficiency, the company has been given a valuable premium as a leader, which is widely recognized as sustainable.
Summary of Guangzhenghangseng 1 National First and World Third Nuclear Power Operators 1.1 Introduction: China ' s largest player in the nuclear power industry, world-class
China Guang Nuclear Power Co. Ltd. (003816.sh, Guangning, China) is a listed platform for nuclear power operations under the banner of the China-wide nuclear group, and the inter-State controller is the State Finance Committee of the State Council (the State Finance Committee of the State Council holds 90 per cent of the shares of the China-wide nuclear group).
On 25 July 2019, the company’s application for a share was approved by the CVM Review Committee, and the construction of units – units – 3 and 4 – was completed.
Figure 1. The history of the development of nuclear power in China.
According to wna statistics, the number of nuclear aircraft in China as of 31 July 2019 was second only to 58 in the French Power Group (edf) and 36 in the Russian Rosetom, and the company managed more than 23.2gw in the Korea Hydraulic Atomic Energy Company (khnp).
One of the top nuclear power operators in the world. 1.2.1 is leading the crew on board.
As of 30 September 2019, the company ran six major nuclear power bases: the Grand Asian Bay base, the Red River base, the Yangjiang base, the Taiwan Hill nuclear power station, the Ninder base, the Sanctuary base. The company managed 24 nuclear power units in transit and four nuclear power units in construction, with capacity of 27.14gw and 4.60gw, respectively, accounting for 55.70 per cent and 43.38 per cent of the total installed capacity of nuclear power throughout the country.
In 2022, assuming that all nuclear power units in construction are being put into commercial operation by 2022, the company ' s commercial capacity will reach 31.74gw (30.56% over 24.31gw at the end of 2018), at which point the Division will become the second largest nuclear power operator in the world after France ' s edf.
High, and the price of nuclear power on the Internet is stable, and an increase in the number of nuclear power plants will lead to a simultaneous improvement in the amount, collection, and profitability of the company’s nuclear power on the Internet. In recent years, the share of the company’s domestic market has been in the lead, both in terms of the capacity of the company and in terms of the amount of electricity on the Internet.
The market share of companies is close to 60 per cent. 1.2.2 The domestic market has a good record of safe operation and fleet capacity and utilization are increasing.
The company has a well-developed security management system and has a good record of managing the safe operation of its crew. Since 1999, more than 60 nuclear power units have been in operation for the first phase of the company's nuclear power plant in Rieng Au, compared to those from France, China, Germany, and South Africa worldwide, for 14 consecutive years since 26 March 2005, and have been shut down without a plan for more than 4782 consecutive days as of 30 June 2019.
The nuclear power base in Grand Asian Gulf was the first in the world in the world in the same type of aircraft. In the international competition for the security performance challenges of the same type of aircraft in 2018, the Grand Asian Gulf Nuclear Power Base was cumulatively ranked 39th in the first place.
For indicators, it is possible to measure the size of nuclear power generation capacity over a period of time, reflecting the performance of nuclear power units and the quality of maintenance. Since the first 90% breakthrough in the average capacity factor in 2016, the capacity factor of the company fleet has remained at around 90% for almost three years, consistently above the average of the World Association of Nuclear Operators (wano) by more than 5 percentage points.
The load factor, which is the ratio of the actual generation of the unit over a given period of time to the amount of electricity generated over the same period of time, reflects the size of the actual power utilization of the nuclear unit over a period of time, which is influenced by the fact that the unit capacity factor and the power network movement arrangements are the main factors. In addition to a decrease in the utilization rate in 2016 due to the large number of new units connected to the network, the company has experienced an increasing trend in recent years in the load factor and the average number of hours used.
“The pursuit of excellence” is one of the company’s fundamental principles, and China’s Guang Ning has been continuously competing with its international counterparts to identify deficiencies and upgrade. According to the rankings of the World Association of Nuclear Operators (wano) performance indicators and statistical rules, in 2018, the company’s 22 companies had 78.8% of the world’s most advanced performance indicators (the first quarter) and 73.1% of the world’s performance indicators (one tenth of the world’s).
Compared to the first quarter of the world and one tenth of the world’s top performance of the fleet’swano performance indicators, the company’s performance is at a global lead level and is in a sustained upscaling phase, based on the ratio of the most advanced values of the wano indicators. 1.3 Summary of performance: high profitability and excellent cash flow
1.3.1 A steady increase in the number of nuclear power units in commercial traffic and in the amount of electricity on the Internet The number of companies accessing the Internet increased by 19,310 gwh per year from 2017, a 14 per cent increase due mainly to the arrival of the Yangjiang 5 unit and the Taiwan 1 unit into commercial transport, the increase in the capacity of companies in loading aircraft by 2,836 megawatts, a 16.69 per cent increase from the end of 2017. In addition, the supply of nuclear power from the Chongdong nuclear power plant and anti-city ports increased by 16.69 per cent from the end of 2017.
In 2017, the company ' s access to electricity increased by 22,151gwh, or 19 per cent, compared to 2016, mainly as a result of the merger of Ningde ' s nuclear power and the input of the Yangjiang 4 unit, increasing the installed capacity by 5,442 megawatts that year, or 47.12 per cent, compared to the end of 2016. As at 3 December 2018, the combined installed capacity of the aircraft was 19,830 megawatts; and in late 2018, it was installed earlier than early 2016.
In 2019, the cumulative amount of nuclear power on the Internet reached 79.995 billion kWh, an increase of 11.97 per cent over the same period, an increase of 85.40 billion kWh, thanks to an increase in the number of two commercial transport units (Yangjiang 5 and Taiwan 1) compared to last year, and a decrease in the number of days spent on major repairs compared to last year. With the introduction of Yangjiang 6 and Taiwan 2 in the second half of 2019, the performance is expected to continue in 2019.
In 2014-2018, the central and wide nuclear power grid was 20.94 per cent of the Division ' s other operating income, mainly rental income, sale of materials, etc., accounted for a smaller share of operating income. 100 per cent of China and wide nuclear engineering company equity increased construction installation and design services, resulting in a lower share of electricity revenue, but with the introduction of commercial carriers
The increase in the cluster is rising, from 85.48% in 2016 to 90.64% in 2018. The main drivers of the decline and the continued growth in corporate electricity revenues are the ongoing commercialization of the nuclear power plant under construction and the year-on-year release of the combined Ningde nuclear power generation and production capacity, with increasing electricity on the Internet.
The change in the revenue from the company ' s construction installation and design services was mainly influenced by the progress of the engineering company ' s external construction work. The increase in the revenue from construction installation and design services in 2018 was 18.58 per cent compared to 2017, owing mainly to the high construction peak of the Red River II project and the increase in the revenue from construction installation and design services. In 2017, the volume and percentage of income from this category was lower, owing mainly to the use of units Ninder Nuclear Power 3 and 4 in March 2015 and July 2016.
Sub-inputs have resulted in a corresponding decrease in the company ' s revenues from construction and installation of Ningde nuclear power. As a result of the increase in fleet capacity and the increase in the amount of electricity available online, in 2014-2018, China ' s revenues from operating nuclear power increased from RMB 20,489 million to RMB 50,828 million (cagr 25.50 per cent) and the net return to the mother increased from RMB 5.690 billion to RMB 8,857 million (cagr 11.70 per cent). q1 in 2019, China
Nuclear power generated an operating income of $12,875 million (+17.90 per cent of the year) and a net return of $2,518 million (+1.3 per cent of the year). Overall, the company ' s net return and repatriation profits increased steadily, with net return profits declining by 8.4 per cent in 2018, mainly as a result of a non-recurrent revaluation of the proceeds from Ningde nuclear power in 2017 and a similar increase of 8.8 per cent in 2018 after deducting non-recurring gains and losses.
With regard to the level of profitability, the main factors affecting the level of profitability in the nuclear power sector include the amount of electricity on the Internet, the price of electricity on the Internet, the cost of nuclear power installations, and the cost of the nuclear fuel cycle. After many years of development in the nuclear power sector, the power generation capacity of nuclear power plants has been stable, national prices of electricity on the Internet have been harmonized, and the cost-control capacity has been relatively mature.
Figure 14. The composition of the company’s operating costs is matched by the composition of its operating income, which increases from year to year as business income increases. For the sale of electricity, its share of operating costs increases from year to year with the increase in the capacity of nuclear power plants and the increase in the amount of electricity on the Internet.
In 2018, 2017 and 2016, the combined share of nuclear fuel, depreciation and amortization, employee remuneration and spent fuel disposal costs was 81.43 per cent, 79.28 per cent and 81.25 per cent, respectively, which are the main components of electricity costs and have a stable structure. The other projects mentioned above included, inter alia, major repairs to nuclear power projects and other maintenance costs, nuclear safety guarantees, etc.
Figure 16. Structured costs of electricity (%) for the period 2016-2018, rising costs during the company period, mainly due to the increasing size of the company ' s nuclear power assets
Interest-bearing liabilities are rising year by year, interest spending is increasing, and corporate financial costs are increasing as interest expenditure increases year by year. In 2018, corporate R&D costs increased by $245.998 million, or 31.78 per cent, over 2017, mainly for companies to increase their R&D efforts on projects such as marine reactors, advanced fuel assemblies, advanced nuclear energy systems, etc.; in 2017, R&D costs increased by $22.0841 million, or 2.94 per cent, compared to 2016.
The customers of the company’s electricity sales business are grid companies and port launches, which do not involve much of the cost of sales; the customers of the construction installation and design services are mainly affiliated or affiliated with the China Guang Nuclear Group, the joint nuclear power owners’ company, and the business with the customers in this category does not involve much of the cost of sales. Therefore, there is no correlation between sales costs and the distributor’s operating income, and the company’s sales costs are almost zero.
Figure 17. Cost rates are generally stable for the period in question. Electricity is a source of income from the private sector in the country in question, and corporate electricity costs are usually settled with grid companies on a monthly basis, thus accounting for a relatively small amount of receivables.
In 2014-2018, the ratio of cash to operating income received by companies for the sale of goods and the provision of services was 117-120%, with less volatility, while business activity and business grew in tandem, with high credit levels and shorter repayment cycles for clients based on national grids. And when capital spending falls in the future, good cash flows can greatly increase the red rate, and the current rate of red rates has very large scope for improvement.
The Department ' s performance improved with a very strong security boost, with an annual increase of $1.5 billion, or 5.73 per cent; a significant increase in electricity sales and the impact of Ninder ' s nuclear power supply, mainly due to the company ' s new fleet; and a decrease in net cash generated from investment activities compared to 2017, mainly due to the company ' s payment in 2017 for the acquisition of anti-city nuclear power.
The first group of aircraft, the Taiwan 1 aircraft, was brought into commercial operation and the cash paid for the construction of fixed assets decreased significantly from the previous year; the net cash generated from fund-raising activities decreased from 2017, mainly because the net cash inflows generated by the company ' s operations in 2018 were higher than in the previous year, and the investment activity was worth millions, while the net financing of the debt modality decreased by RMB 12,505.4 million from 2017.
The company now owns a large nuclear power plant, the cash flow for financing has been negative in recent years, the net cash increase has remained positive or has decreased slightly, and capital expenditures for new nuclear units have largely been able to rely on the benefits of existing nuclear power generation.2 The third generation of nuclear power technology is highly mature and has a wide market
2.1 Nuclear power profile: energy released from controlled nuclear fission, steam-heated power generation Nuclear fission releases large amounts of energy, converted to power: nuclear power uses the thermal energy released from nuclear fission in nuclear reactors to generate electricity through controlled chain reaction generating thermal energy, generating steam, thus driving the engine, driving the generator to cut magnetic wires and generating electricity.
Power generation is very similar, except for a nuclear reactor and a steam generator to replace a thermal boiler and a nuclear fission to replace a fossil fuel chemical energy. With the exception of boiling water reactors, all the other types of power reactors are refrigerated with a single circuit coolant that heats up through a core, transmits heat to two or three circuits of water in a steam generator, and then forms a steam-driven wheel generator. The boiling reactor is a one-way coolant that heats up through a stack of cores and turns it into 70 large.
Saturated vapours around air pressure, which are separated by soda and driven by drying, directly promote turbine generators. Nuclear power plants consist of nuclear islands, conventional islands and power plant support facilities: most of the world's power generation plants are operating and building nuclear reactors using ballast water reactor technology. Nuclear power plants at ballasts are composed mainly of nuclear steam supply systems and steam generator systems, including nuclear islands, conventional islands and power station distribution.
Facility (bop) and other facilities. Chart 22. Composition of nuclear power plants (in the case of pressurized water piles)
Guangzhenghangseng Nuclear Island is made up of nuclear reactor plants and auxiliary nuclear plants, with large equipment consisting mainly of evaporation units, stabilizers, main pumps, etc., nuclear reactors are devices equipped with nuclear fuel for large-scale controlled fission chain reactions, are core nuclear power plants, mainly core units of core core core core core core core cores, anti-fuels, etc.
Reactor coolants transfer heat from nuclear reactor cores to generators and external environments. Neutrons slow down the speed of fast neutrons and generate thermal neutrons that sustain the nuclear chain response.
The conventional islands consist mainly of the engine fleet and other secondary systems on second circuits, similar to conventional fire power plants. 2.2 Classification of nuclear power plants: construction of pressurized water reactors is a global consensus. Commercial nuclear reactors are classified according to reactor coolant/slower and neutron energy: reactors can generally be classified according to cooler/slower agent.
It is divided into light water piles (including pressurized and boiled water piles, etc.), heavy water piles and air cooling reactors. Based on the neutron energy used, reactors can generally be divided into slow (heat) neutron piles or fast neutron piles.
The reactor maintains a liquid nuclear reactor. Because of its high power density, compact structure, safety control, technological maturity, and relatively low cost of manufacturing and power generation, it has become the most widely used commercial nuclear reactor type in the world today. There is a three-way safety barrier between the voltage reactor nuclear station (fibris product) and the external environment: 1. Fuels are used for uranium dioxide ceramics, which themselves prevent extra radioactive material.
Fugitive effects; 2. Overlapping these small uranium pieces at a height of 3 metres, with a diameter of 9.5 mm and a depth of 0.57 mm in the tubes, preventing radioactive material from escaping; 3. The internal pressure of the shell is 155 atmospheric pressure, which heats the water up to 330°C. The temperature rises into the vapour generator, there are many tubes inside it, and the water from the reactor is separated from the water in the tubes, even if the water in the pile is a small amount of radioactivity.
As of August 2019, pressurized water reactors accounted for 72 per cent and 84 per cent of the capacity in transit and construction, respectively. 2.3 Global nuclear power generation rose, and China was the world’s first in the build-up capacity, with a global total of 25,513 million kilowatt-hours in 2017, according to bp statistics.
From 2011 to 2012, as a result of the Fukushima nuclear accident, global nuclear power generation declined significantly, and began in 2013 with a gradual recovery of global nuclear power generation. According to International Atomic Energy Agency data, in 2017, nuclear power generation was 2635.6 twh, or 10.31 per cent of the global total.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the global nuclear power capacity showed an overall upward trend from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the global nuclear power capacity was 396.88 GW. As of 31 December 2018, China ' s nuclear power capacity was ranked third in the world.
From the 1960’s to the 1970’s, new nuclear power units were located mainly in Europe and North America. Asia and the Middle East became the main areas of new nuclear power units since the late 1980’s.
Most of the future growth in nuclear power capacity is expected to come from China, Russia, India, and others. 2.4 The share of domestic nuclear power generation is only 4.22%, and there is much room for growth in the Qinshan I nuclear power plant in 1991, the first to be designed, built and operated autonomously in mainland China.
The history of nuclear-free power on mainland China has made China the seventh country in the world after the United States, the United Kingdom, France, the former Soviet Union, Canada, and Sweden to be able to design and build nuclear power plants on its own. In 1994, the Great Asian Gulf nuclear power plant was launched, successfully achieving the start-up of large commercial nuclear power plants on mainland China, and meeting the goal of our nuclear power build-up cutting-edge and catching up with international advances.
With regard to nuclear power generation, according to data from the National Statistical Office and the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, the aggregate national electricity generation in 2018 was 67,91.42 twh, of which the total volume of electricity generated by commercial nuclear power units (including on-line electricity and plant power) was 286.51 twh, or about 4.22 per cent of the total electricity generated nationwide.
From 1994 to date, our nuclear power generation has continued to grow, from 14.04twh in 1994 to 286.51twh in 2018, with an average annual recovery growth rate of 13.39 per cent.
With regard to the distribution of nuclear power units, as of 31 July 2019, there were 45 nuclear power units, mostly in the coastal areas of Guangdong, Fujian, Zhejiang and Guangxi. In addition, there were 11 nuclear power units, mostly in the south-eastern coastal areas of Guangdong and Guangxi. Due to the special nature of the nuclear power industry and the complexity of nuclear power technology, nuclear power projects are currently being officially approved by the State Council.
China’s nuclear power sector is the largest player in China’s nuclear power industry. On the demand side, the National Energy Agency announced that the total public consumption of electricity in 2018 was 6844.9 twh, and that the average combined growth rate for 2008-2018 was 68.44.9 twh.
To reach 7.13%. The demand for electricity is expected to maintain a steady growth rate as the economy develops. According to the bp World Energy Statistics Yearbook, published in 2018, global nuclear power generation accounted for 10.15% of total global electricity generation in 2018. Of this, 18 countries accounted for more than 15% of the country ' s social electricity generation, with the highest French nuclear power generation reaching 71.50%, compared to China ' s nuclear power generation in 2018.
The nuclear power generation in the country accounts for a low proportion of total national electricity generation, and the nuclear power industry has wide scope for growth.2.5 The nuclear power industry chain: a competitive pattern, shared market dividends among the three major nuclear power groups. The nuclear power industry chain is divided by upper and lower and can be divided into upstream uranium mining processing and the nuclear fuel cycle, medium-stream equipment manufacturing, downstream nuclear power generation.
Station design, civil construction, installation, commissioning and operation.
• Uranium mining processing and nuclear fuel loops (including nuclear fuel preparation and spent • three major nuclear power groups liability development
• Nuclear and conventional islands with three main types of fuel)
State-owned, auxiliary systems, a unique nuclear fuel industry such as China, and private companies are active.
Upstream in the nuclear power industry chain - the nuclear fuel cycle: includes both nuclear fuel preparation (front end cycle) and spent fuel treatment (back end cycle). Nuclear fuel is unique, as nuclear fuel enrichment is difficult and there are special security requirements in defence, only China Nuclear Fuel Company Limited, a Chinese nuclear group, has complete nuclear fuel cycle license plates in the country.
In 2020, we are expected to build 58 million kilowatts of nuclear power units, generating more than 1,000 tons of spent fuel per year, under enormous stress. But we currently have only 60 tons of processing capacity per year. The leading British and French handles up to 2,100 tons and 1700 tons per year.
With this opportunity, Chinese companies are expected to learn to absorb advanced technology from abroad and enter the field of spent fuel treatment.
The core of the nuclear power plant, which is responsible for converting nuclear energy into thermal energy, is the most complex and cost-effective part of all the equipment at the nuclear power plant. It is common for the island to use steam to drive engine power using steam. The auxiliary system (bop) consists mainly of digital control systems, heating systems, and guarantees the smooth operation of the nuclear power plant. At present, the nuclear and conventional islands of our country are dominated by three major states.
In the area of equipment, the conventional island equipment industry in Eastern Electric is well advanced, and Harbin Electric is a major player in conventional island equipment. In the subsectors of auxiliary systems, large-scale casts, critical parts, etc., private companies are also actively involved.
At present, only the Chinese nuclear group, the Chinese nuclear group, the Chinese nuclear group, the Chinese nuclear group, and the Chinese electricity-in-charge group have a license plate for controlling the development, construction, and operation of the nuclear power plant. China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
2.6 Market barriers: High entry thresholds, high concentration of industries, strict regulation of the nuclear power sector, long project construction cycles and substantial capital support in the lead-up period compared to other power sectors, resulting in high entry thresholds and significant concentration of industries. Currently, our nuclear power projects (in addition to demonstration engineering, research reactors) are officially approved by the State Council by China.
The Hiroshima Nuclear Group, the China Nuclear Group and the China State Power Corporation are responsible for the development, construction, and operation of control units. We have nuclear power projects in place, all of which are operated by China ' s Hiroshima or China ' s nuclear power plant, with the exception of the Red River nuclear power project, which is operated in cooperation with China ' s Hiroshima and the State. Figure 31. There are high administrative, technical and regulatory barriers to our nuclear power industry, as well as financial barriers.
Government approval, licensing, licensing, etc. for nuclear power projects and owners
On the one hand, the nuclear power industry deals with project site selection, materials, operation, maintenance, performance monitoring, design, construction, equipment procurement and manufacturing
High requirements, long construction cycles, protection, etc., for nuclear power.
The project is heavily funded; on the other hand, the technology base and management level of the provider; the development and construction of a new generation of nuclear power technologies;
In view of the importance that the State attaches to nuclear safety and environmental protection, the Government regulates the entry of investors into the market by authorizing, licensing, licensing, etc., for nuclear power projects and owners.
(b) The Ministry of Ecology reviews environmental impact reports, etc., and carries out supervisory monitoring of the radiation environment in which nuclear power plants operate.
The nuclear power industry is technology-intensive. The nuclear power industry covers a wide range of fields, such as nuclear physics, chemistry, materials, operation, maintenance, performance monitoring, environmental pollution monitoring, radiation protection, and there are high technical barriers to the technological base and management of nuclear power developers. On the one hand, the construction of nuclear power plants requires an integrated balance between safety, technological sophistication, economics, and engineering enforceability requirements, in line with nuclear safety laws.
The regulations require the use of mature and proven technologies; meet the overall objective of price control in accordance with the principles of technological economy; meet the overall requirements of progress, including conditions for start-up, construction cycles, etc.; on the other hand, the construction and operation of nuclear power facilities require strict compliance with the quality-assurance outline, which imposes strict requirements for the quality of personnel; the core cadres of nuclear power are in greater demand and are trained for longer periods of time; and, on the other hand, counter-productive, the construction and operation of nuclear power facilities require strict compliance with the quality-assurance outline.
The nuclear power industry is capital-intensive. On the one hand, the nuclear power industry selects project sites, designs, constructs, procures equipment, manufactures, etc.
The nuclear power industry is particularly focused on safety risks, high investment, high technology thresholds, and national exclusive operation of nuclear power. The nuclear power industry should concentrate on three major nuclear power groups: North and China, and China.
The industry’s dividends will be shared by three major nuclear power groups, with a pattern of “opposite races, market races.” 2.7 The history of nuclear power: the third generation of nuclear power is more technologically superior, and domestic nuclear power has been growing rapidly since the 1950’s, and nuclear power has gone through more than half a century. In chronological order, it can be divided into experimental models.
High-speed diffusion, slow development, and gradual recovery are four stages. Nuclear power technology can also be divided into four generations. China’s overall nuclear power is currently at the second generation + stage, with the introduction of a third generation of small-scale construction that absorbs U.S.-French-type advantages, mainly based on autonomous technology. With three nuclear units, one and two, one and two, one and one and one and one and one and one and one and one and epr in Taiwan, the main unit is now being set up, either online or networked.
The third generation + nuclear power unit is the only one that is known as the Hualong I (the nuclear power plant in the anti-city ports of China has been built on a stack of 3 and 4 is the Chinese Dragon I). Figure 32. The main difference between the third generation and the second generation of nuclear power in the history of global nuclear power technology:
Safety enhancement: Third-generation + nuclear power installations are either “inactive” or increased “dynamic” security facilities, further reducing the likelihood of core melting, and no intervention is required for 72 hours after an accident. Standardization, modular design, shorter construction cycles, and additional computer-assisted control systems to make nuclear power operations simple and safe.
A stronger safety shell can withstand aircraft impacts. More efficient power generation: more efficient use of nuclear fuel and more efficient power generation, adding combustible absorbents, and longer life of nuclear fuel.
Figure 33. Evolution of second and third-generation nuclear power technologies 2.8 The three-year “suspension” of nuclear power approvals ended, with three generations of national production + technology dominated by the Chernobyl nuclear accident, which in April 1986 triggered a long-standing European dispute over the development of nuclear power.
The accident had a huge impact on the world's nuclear power that had just recovered. Germany, Switzerland, etc., had put forward the idea of “disposal of nuclear power”, Japan had once put forward the idea of “zero nuclear power”, and China's trial had slowed down. In December 2012, the second phase of nuclear power in Jiangsuda Bay had been approved, and no new project had been approved for more than two years since. Until the end of 2015, the Standing Committee of the State Council had approved the second phase of nuclear power in Guangxi, which included four nuclear units.
The 3-generation nuclear power technology demonstration unit and the expansion project of the Jiangsu Lien Yunya Bay nuclear power plant were followed by a "zero review" for more than three years, followed by a "zero approval" for three years.
Nuclear power is an indispensable option for fast-growing countries: after a short period of depression, most countries in the world, including Japan, continue to believe that nuclear energy remains in the face of complex and difficult issues such as population growth, increased demand for electricity and climate change.
The third generation of nuclear power technologies is a new generation of advanced nuclear power technologies with higher safety and power. Quantities.
Successfully, for the first time, the world's first unit of ap1000 (China's three nuclear power units, Unit 1) was successfully connected, further confirming the safety, feasibility, and maturity of three generations of nuclear technology. The “zero approval” was officially concluded: on 25 July 2019, the National Energy Authority held a press conference, which identified Shandong Yong-sung, Fujianjiangzhou, and Fu Jianzhou.
The approval for the start of work on the Guangdong Pacific Nuclear Power Project (under the national power project, China's nuclear power plant, and China's nuclear power plant) marks the formal end of the “zero approval” of the nuclear power project since December 2015. After addressing the technical and selection barriers, the acceleration of domestic nuclear power construction between 2019 and 2020 is likely to take place as an important catch-up for the stabilization of infrastructure.
Under the 13th Five-Year Nuclear Power Plan, one of its objectives is to have a nuclear power running capacity of 58gw and more than 30gw. At present, the country's cumulative load of 44.66gw is in the process of building 14.05gw, and most of the construction projects are under way by 2016, most of which are expected to be connected by 2020, and the cumulative load in 2020 is likely to be close to the 13th-five-58gw target, while the construction capacity of 30gw will cost one.
With the exception of the Rongjong, Liangzhou, and Taiping Ridge projects, China and Russia have signed a construction agreement for Vver 1200, which is expected to be built in Tanya Bay or in Fort Xu, with a capacity close to 10 gw, which is expected to be successfully tested and connected to the first batch of the Hualong I, and will be able to resume the construction of the Hualong I follow-up project in 2020. Figure 35. Key nodes and progress in the construction of the nuclear power unit
Due to technological and related maturity, prices have been significantly reduced to only 12 billion yuan/gw, while cnp-600, a second generation nuclear power project, has become economically uneconomical due to low single-organization power. Since nuclear power is suitable as a base load plant, the ratio of nuclear power generation will reach 8-10 per cent in 2030, based on medium- and long-term planning for nuclear power generation, assuming that the ratio will be 8-10 per cent in 2030.
In the future, Chinese electricity generation will increase by 3 to 4 per cent per year, corresponding to approximately 960 twh in 2030, 120 gw on board, and 62gw on new grids over the next 10 years, measured by investment in 13 billion yuan/gw units, with a total fixed-asset investment of 80.6 billion yuan, and annual budget for the construction of nuclear power projects
3 Nuclear power drivers: clean and reliable, suitable for the basic load of the grid 3.1 Nuclear power advantages: environmentally sound, reliable, efficient, suitable for the basic load of the grid. Depending on the form of energy, the type of power generated can be divided into electrical, hydroelectric, nuclear, wind, photovoltaic, geothermal, etc.
The type of electricity to be generated in 2018 was 70.4% of China's electricity generated by fire and 29.6% by clean energy, of which 4.2% were nuclear power with the advantage of low location requirements, short construction cycles, low generation costs and low cost of electricity connected to the Internet, but the pollution of electricity and electricity from the fire was high, with limited fuel resources and high costs, and it was difficult to solve the problem of carbon emissions even after sub-demission conversion. Hydropower has the advantage of low-cost, non-pollution, base-cost power sources, etc.
However, the country’s economically available hydropower resources are limited and seasonally limited, while hydropower resources are mostly located in the south-west, while electricity is concentrated in the east-central region, where water disposal is high in the south-west, such as Yunnan and Sichuan. Clean energy development, such as wind power and photovoltaic, is more expensive, requires stricter location requirements, and power generation is clearly influenced by climatic factors and does not function as a base charge power source.
Nuclear power is environmentally friendly, economically reliable and efficient. It is the only form of power generation that can be replaced on a large scale: (1) environmentally friendly: nuclear power is a low-carbon clean energy source that reduces greenhouse gas emissions, and its growth is driven by growing global demand for electricity, growing environmental awareness, and volatile fossil fuel prices and supply.
Stations do not pollute air or directly emit sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxides or greenhouse gases.
Power and other renewable sources of energy are more stable, with high-capacity and low-cost power generation features, and are able to operate with their design capacity for a considerable period of time to meet the demand for large amounts of electricity. Nuclear power plants are more cost-effective and prioritized than fossil-fuel power generation because of their low cost of fuel production and their vulnerability to volatile energy prices.
Nuclear power, as a clean energy source, takes precedence over coal-fired, gas-fired, fuel-fuel, etc., and is replaced every 12-18 months by nuclear power plants, which operate continuously and at full capacity for the rest of the time after adding, which ensures that the annual power generation of nuclear power units is small.
At a higher rate, the country’s nuclear power usage level in 2011-2014 was close to 8,000 hours, well above that of other power sources, such as electricity and electricity. Since 2015, the demand for electricity has grown, while the supply of installed machines has continued to increase, leading to a significant decline in the number of hours spent as a base charge and in the use of nuclear power, which fell from 2015 to 2018, on average, to around 7,000 hours.
Looking ahead to the next phase, it is expected that domestic demand for electricity will be largely stable and nuclear power will be limited, and that the average hours spent on nuclear power will be expected to be stable at around 7,000 hours.
(iii) Efficiency: nuclear power is an efficient energy source, using small quantities of fuel, easy transportation and storage, and a million kilowatt-class nuclear power plant requires only about 30 tons of nuclear fuel per year, with one ordinary truck completing the supply. A fire power plant of the same size consumes about 3 million tons of coal per year, requiring 100,000 sub-cargo capacity. According to the statistics published by the European Nuclear Energy Association, 1,000 grams is required.
Electricity from raw coal, crude oil, natural uranium purchased in yuan is about 16 degrees, 3 degrees and 51 degrees. 3.2 Policy benefits: Paris agreement boosts, nuclear power policy escorts. Paris Agreement controls greenhouse gas emissions: Paris Agreement follows the 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the 1997 Kyoto Convention on Climate Change.
After the Kyoto Protocol, the third landmark international legal text in human history to address climate change formed a global climate-management landscape after 2020, with the main objective of keeping the average global temperature rise of this century within 2°C and global temperature rise below 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. The Standing Committee of the National People ' s Congress of China approved China ' s accession to the Paris Gas on 3 September 2016.
The Framework Agreement on Climate Change is the twenty-third party to complete ratification of the Agreement. For the Paris Agreement, the main objective is to control greenhouse gas emissions. To this end, China proposes four main goals for its own contribution (2030).
By 2030, China alone, by 2030, non-fossil gdp oxidation.
Energy in total energy, carbon emissions, is more than increasing forest accumulation.
By about 2030, China's CO2 emissions will have peaked.
Forest accumulation is a low-carbon, stable and efficient environmentality of nuclear power, and is a viable way to meet carbon emission reduction commitments: while traditional fire power has been significantly reduced in emissions of atmospheric pollutants such as sulphur oxygen, nitrogen oxides, but limited to fossil fuel combustion, as environmental policies have become more stringent and technologically advanced.
Nuclear power, on the one hand, is a low-carbon clean energy source that reduces greenhouse gas emissions; on the other hand, nuclear power, which is rarely affected by weather, seasons, or other environmental conditions, can operate steadily over the long term compared to other low-carbon renewable energy sources, is a reliable option to serve as a base charge power source and a viable way to complete the carbon reduction commitment. According to the State Council ' s October 2016 publication of the Tenth edition,
By 2020, CO2 emissions per unit of gross domestic product (GDP) had fallen by 18 per cent from 2015, and by 2020, efforts had been made to reach 340 million kilowatts for conventional hydropower, 200 million kilowatts for wind power, 100 million kilowatts for light voltage, 58 million kilowatts for nuclear power and more than 30 million kilowatts for construction.
In view of this, the State has given policy support to the development of nuclear power and the ability to compete with fire power for nuclear power at a price and during the construction period: in terms of the scale of development, the 13th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development calls for our nuclear power to reach 58 million kilowatts by 2020, and 30 million kilowatts for the construction of nuclear power; in November 2018, the National Energy Authority and the National Development Commission issued the Clean Energy Elimination Initiative.
In September 2018, the Ministry of Justice issued the Atomic Energy Act (Consultative Draft) requiring the State to encourage the development of nuclear power and to implement a policy of guaranteed elimination of nuclear power. In terms of tax incentives, the nuclear power industry has spent 15 years.
Internal value-added tax (VAT) has been withdrawn, and tariffs, corporate income tax, municipal land use tax, etc., have also been taxed and tax-based. 3.3 Nuclear power market: 150 million to 220 million kilowatts are expected to be installed in 2030, with wide market growth potential.
The capacity of domestic nuclear power plants grew faster: in 2001-2018, the capacity of Chinese installed power was 10.09 per cent, the capacity of Chinese installed power was 18.51 per cent, and the rate of nuclear installed power was much faster than the overall capacity. At the end of 2018, the capacity of Chinese installed electricity was 1899.67gw, and the capacity of nuclear installed power was 44.66gw, which accounted for only 2.35 per cent of the total, a huge increase in space.
The Chinese nuclear power plant (gw) was officially operational in June 2019. As of August 2019, China had 45 nuclear power units in commercial operation, with a total installed capacity of 45.91gw (2.50% of the installed power generation).
China ' s share of nuclear power generation has been increasing, but it is still far below global levels: in 2000-2003, the share of domestic nuclear power generation increased significantly, while it remained around 2% in 2003-2014. Since 2014, as new nuclear power units have been put into production, China ' s share of nuclear power generation has risen from about 2% to about 4%. In 2019 h1, China generated 3367.28 twh (same as +3.3%), of which 160.0 twh was generated.
Nuclear power generation accounted for 4.75 per cent of total electricity generation (compared to +23.1 per cent). 4.75 per cent of nuclear power generation in China is still well below the comparable economic strength of France (71.7 per cent), Sweden (40.3 per cent), Switzerland (37.7 per cent), Korea (23.7 per cent), the United States (19.3 per cent), Russia (17.9 per cent), the United Kingdom (17.7 per cent), Canada (14.9 per cent), Germany (11.7 per cent) and Japan (6.2 per cent).
The country is also well below the global average (10.15 per cent).
Figure 48. Since 2013, the global share of nuclear power generation in total electricity generation has been between 10 and 11.5 per cent, and China ' s energy consumption structure has gradually been aligned to the target developed countries, and it is expected that significant efforts will be made to develop nuclear power: in 2018, China has accumulated 7111.77twh.
Of these, 70.4 per cent, 17.6 per cent, 4.2 per cent, and 5.2 per cent were on fire power, hydropower, nuclear power, wind power, compared to the power generation structures of developed countries. According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the number of countries in which economic organizations cooperated in 2018 (Oecd, mainly developed countries in Europe and the United States) generated electricity was 1068.2 twh (1.9 per cent, compared with 1.9 per cent), natural gas, coal, nuclear, hydroelectric, wind, 27.4 per cent, 25.4 per cent, 17.5 per cent, 13.8 per cent, respectively.
China’s share of coal power is much higher than that of Oecd, while the share of clean energy, dominated by hydropower and nuclear power, is far lower than that of Oecd. China’s gradual environmental problems in recent years have led to thinking about the structure of domestic energy consumption, and one of China’s measures to upgrade its environmental quality is the need for energy consumption structures to match those of developed countries, and it is expected that nuclear power will be developed vigorously in the country.
Figure 50.2018: Proportion of electricity generated by all forms of power generation by oecd 49.2018: 4.2% by nuclear power generation in China, far lower than in developed countries
In 2030, the size of nuclear power plants will reach 150 million to 220 million kilowatts, and the market outlook is wide: in 2019 h1, China ' s nuclear power capacity reached 45.91gw (2.50 per cent of total power generation), and the cumulative nuclear power generation capacity will increase to 160twh (4.75 per cent of total nuclear power generation in 2019h). Assuming that China ' s nuclear power generation capacity will reach the global average (10.15 per cent) and that the current generation hours will remain unchanged, the nuclear power capacity will increase to:
98.1gw. In fact, the global nuclear power head effect is evident, concentrated mainly in the five permanent members, with the remaining four permanent members except China having a ratio of nuclear power generation to France (71.7 per cent), the United Kingdom (17.7 per cent), the United States (19.3 per cent) and Russia (17.9 per cent), with a conservative share of nuclear power generation of 15 per cent, with China having 145gw installed capacity.
If the compound rate of increase in China ' s installed capacity and generation of electricity is assumed to be 4% in 2019h1-2030, the share of nuclear power generation in 2030 is 2.33 times, 3.24 times and 4.79 times the capacity of the nuclear installed capacity of H1h91gw in 2030. Industrial structures continue to be optimized and power consumption elasticity stabilized: demand for electricity is closely related to the country ' s economic situation and structure in recent years.
Thus, the services sector has flourished, new patterns of new industries have emerged, the tertiary sector has continued to rise, and the primary and secondary sector has declined. Since the secondary industry is a traditional power household, the power consumption elasticity factor has fallen to 0.5-0.9 levels as the industrial share has declined, and electricity consumption has grown slower than the national gdp growth rate.
The sex coefficient has been restored to 1.3, and the power consumption elasticity coefficient is expected to remain around 1.
In the first half of 2019, electricity use declined at a rate that was still relatively high in the last six years: “12th Five” and, in the context of “de-capitulation” and “structural adjustments”, the rate of electricity use fell steadily, from 12% in 2011 to 0.5% in 2015, and demand for electricity was almost stagnant. As the economic transition deepened, electricity use began to rebound in 2016.
According to the data of the China-China ITU, in 2018 the entire population used electricity at a rate of 6.84 trillion kilowatt-hours (KWh), an increase of 8.5 per cent and 1.9 per cent, respectively, the rate of increase reached its highest level since 2012.
In the first half of 2019, public electricity consumption rose by 3.4 trillion kilowatt-hours, by 5 per cent from the previous year, and demand for electricity remained unchanged. The combined increase in electricity consumption in the third sector and in urban and rural areas was 2.8 percentage points, contributing 56.5 per cent to the increase in electricity use in society as a whole, a 14 percentage point increase in the same year, which was the main driver of the increase in electricity use in society as a whole.
Electricity use is the economy's “barometer”. In recent years, China's industrial structure has been optimized, and the share of services has increased steadily, from 44.2 per cent in 2010 to 52.2 per cent in 2018. The changes in the economic structure have been particularly marked in terms of electricity consumption: in the first half of 2019, the share of electricity used in the third sector and in the population was 31 per cent, up from the same period in 2018.
1.2 percentage points; access to electricity in the secondary sector was 68 per cent, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points from the same period last year; in the first half of 2019, the primary sector accumulated 34.5 billion kilowatt-hours (5.0 per cent more than in the previous year), an increase \triangleright
The same level of electricity consumption as the whole of society; the aggregate consumption of electricity in the secondary sector was 2.309.1 billion kilowatt-hours (3.1 per cent increase in the same year), at a slower rate than the overall increase in electricity consumption, which corresponds to the continuous economic upswing in the country; the aggregate consumption of electricity in the tertiary sector was 555.2 billion kilowatt-hours and 499.3 billion kilowatt-hours in urban and rural areas, respectively, with an increase of 9.4 per cent and 9.6 per cent, respectively, well above the increase in electricity consumption in society as a whole.
Figure 57.2019h1, China's tertiary sector is experiencing a much higher rate of increase in electricity use. Figure 58.2019h1, China's urban and rural residents are living with the highest rate of increase in electricity consumption in society as a whole.
Economic factors and alternative power sources were the most significant cause of the increase in electricity use in the first half of 2019, with strong sustainability: the continued optimization of the electricity supply structure: in recent years, our services industry has flourished and new patterns of new industries have emerged, leading to a faster increase in electricity use in the third sector. In the first half of the year, the third sector used 555.2 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 9.4 per cent.
Power consumption in software and information technology services increased by 13.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, maintaining rapid growth; electricity consumption in rental and commercial services, wholesale and retail trade, transport/storage and postal industries increased by 12.9 per cent, 10.7 per cent and 8.6 per cent, respectively, and continued to grow; for the subregion, in the first half of the year, overall electricity consumption in the east, centre, west and north-east regions increased by 3.3 per cent, 6.4 per cent, 7.3 per cent and respectively.
The central and western regions outpaced the eastern and north-eastern regions by the acceleration of industrial restructuring in the central and western regions, rural electrification, and so on. The tertiary sector and the rural and urban populations both grew by more than 10% in terms of electricity consumption, making them important agents in leading the way in electricity use, such as Inner Mongolia, where in recent years the emergence of new industries such as big data, cloud computing, etc., has led to a rapid increase in electricity use.
Guangxi has the highest electricity growth rate of 16.6 per cent, 12.1 per cent and 10.9 per cent, respectively: in 2019h1 electricity was maintained faster in advanced manufacturing, high-technology industries, such as specialized equipment, electrical machinery and equipment, where the rate of increase in electricity was more or less 6 per cent, and in information transmission/software and information technology services.
Growth exceeded 13 per cent, driving electricity use in emerging industries by 4.9 per cent more than in manufacturing by 1.5 percentage points. Anti-chemical raw materials, non-metal minerals, black metal smelting and non-ferrous metal smelting in four major high-energy industries combined with electricity consumption of 9,597.7 billion kilowatt-hours increased by 3.4 per cent compared to the previous year, a decline of 1.7 percentage points compared to the same period.
Figure 59.2019h1, Power acceleration in the domestic power sector, with emphasis on electricity, Figure 60.2019h1, power upscaling in China's provinces, power replacing power consumption increases that will continue to contribute to electricity consumption: with the replacement of electricity with electricity such as “electric oil” and “electric coal”, electricity is used for in-depth expansion.
In the first half of the year, the power supply on the port side increased by 316.9%, while the service sector was also a black horse, and the electricity supply increased by 129% in the first half. Today, we have over 1 million power posts, and we have built the world’s largest network of electric vehicle recharge facilities.
In the first half of 2019, China-ITU data show that the national electricity grid and Southern electricity grid companies operated a total of nearly 40,000 alternative electric energy projects in the region, representing an increase of 22.6% over the same period of 98 billion kWh. The replacement of electricity has become an important catcher for improving environmental quality and adjusting energy structures. In the future, the levels of electrification, automation, intelligence, etc. in industries, transport, etc., are increasing, and electricity is being replaced by a wide range of spaces.
The process of industrial structural transformation and the increase in the share of services is usually accompanied by a decline in the rate of electricity use, as shown by international experience, so that, for the present and for the period to come, the shift in electricity from the high-speed growth phase of previous years to the current medium-growth phase is an inevitable trend. Since this year, I
The country’s economy continues to function smoothly and its industrial structure optimizes, providing important support for the steady growth of electricity use throughout society. Looking ahead, in the second half of 2019 and 2020, a series of policies, such as “creakboards” and “new infrastructure”, will be active, and capital will accelerate investment growth; policies, such as tax cuts and fees, will increase consumption at a steady pace; global economic growth rates will continue to decline and exports will remain under pressure; the national economy is expected to function within reasonable areas and remain generally flat.
Steady. According to the National Electricity Supply and Demand Research Laboratory of the National Electricity Networks Ltd., taking into account the combined effects of economic performance, climate temperature, and power substitution, the rate of subsequent electricity use is expected to pick up at a rate of around 5.5 per cent for the whole of society throughout the year. In addition, according to preliminary estimates by the National Network Energy Institute, the rate of growth of electricity consumption is expected to be 4-5 per cent for the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan.
China’s Hiroshima units are located in Guangdong, Fujian, Guangxi, and Liaoning provinces, and have been growing since 2016 with electricity. Fortuk and Guangxi provinces used electricity at a faster rate than the national average in 2018, including Guangxi province, where electricity was increasing at a higher rate of 17.9%, and China’s grid capacity in all regions maintained a corresponding rate of growth. In 2018, China’s Guangkers in Guangdong, Fujian, Guangxi, and Guangxi.
In Liaoning, the rate of increase in electricity on the Internet was 8.4 per cent, 11.5 per cent, 28.0 per cent and 29.3 per cent, respectively, and 3.5 nuclear electricity prices: higher and stable, marketized and planned price differentials were reduced from year to year.
In April 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a Circular on Pilot Access Prices for the First Three Generations of Nuclear Power, which approved pilot access prices for the first set of three three generation nuclear power demonstration units in Taisan, Haiyang, and six generation nuclear power demonstration units in Haiyang, all of which were higher than those for local coal poles; The Circular also required that power generation plans be arranged in accordance with the principle of full distribution and that the quantity of electricity to be used within hours be implemented at government prices.
In May 2019, the Circular on the Reduction of the Price of Electricity in Industry and Commerce in general, issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, provided for a reduction in the value-added tax rate to \triangleright 13 per cent, and a reduction in the price space created by non-marketized trade in electricity in nuclear power enterprises (except for three generation nuclear units), all used to reduce general commerce and industry.
Thus, the market’s concern about lower prices for nuclear electricity connected to the Internet due to a 10% reduction in the average business price of electricity has been dashed. Since the value added tax is a non-priced tax, the price of nuclear power off-line has not been adjusted so as not to affect the sales of nuclear electricity to nuclear companies.
In the coastal high coal-fired provinces, China’s Hiroshima and China’s nuclear power grid prices are slightly lower than those of Fire Dragon Power International, which is also located mainly in the South-East Coast Province, but higher than those of China Power International, which is located mainly in the northern provinces, while significantly higher than those of hydroelectric companies with lower electricity prices.
Market-based electricity prices are becoming more rational, and the price differentials are becoming smaller every year: in 2018, the planned electricity load of the Chinese nuclear power plant has remained stable. With regard to market-based electricity volumes, the Chinese provincial government and Guangzhou have established an agreement to participate in market-based transactions in a way that is favourable, and in the first half of 2019, the market price difference should be 6,863 million yuan, and the market price difference is currently four cents per degree of electricity.
The overall share of total market-based electricity traded outside Guangxi, Fujian, Liaoning in the first half of Guangdong Province was 57.62%, up from 53.9% last year, and the rate of market-based electricity was 98.87%. As the electricity supply and demand situation improved, the price of market-based electricity on the Internet became rational, and the price difference from the planned electricity on the Internet was narrow from year to year in 2018, except in Guangdong Province.
The average price per kilowatt of electricity traded in the other nuclear units market was approximately 0.3492 yuan (including VAT). In the first half of 2019, the overall price of marketed electricity rose slightly, with market prices outside Guangdong on average standing at 0.3554 yuan per degree of electricity, up from the same period last year (0.3536 yuan).
4.1 China's WANAX: The centralization of the fleet has contributed to the immediate performance, and policies have been taken to liberalize the reserve project.
(b) On 12 April, 2019, unit 2 of the Taiwan Nuclear Power Plant began loading for the first time, on 23 June, and on 7 September, it declared commercial.
As of 30 September 2019, China had 24 nuclear power units with a capacity of 27,142mw, representing 55.70 per cent of the country ' s nuclear power plant capacity (47 nuclear units with a capacity of 48731.16mw), and based on the progress made in the construction and commissioning of the recent nuclear plant in China, 2018-2019, the company is currently engaged in construction projects that include prevention.
The Hong Kong 3-4 and Red River 5-6 units, which will be operational in 2020-2022 according to the company's plan, are expected to increase their installed capacity at a rate of 2019-2022, predicting that China's Hiroshima project is adequate and growing with certainty: China's Hiroshima project is under strong industrial policy, and the construction of China's Guang Nuclear Reserve project is expected to be advanced.
Out of this, the fully-funded company, Taiping Ridge Nuclear Power Project in Huaizhou, has been approved, and it is expected that the successor companies, Lushi Huffled Nuclear Power Unit 5, Unit 6, Unit 5, Unit 6, Unit 5, Unit 6, and Unit 3, Unit 4, Unit 3, Unit 3, Unit 3, Unit 3, Unit 3, will be approved to start work. The project is about 12.9gw, representing 35.2 per cent of the total capacity of the nuclear unit currently under construction in China, if it is successfully put into construction in the future, in accordance with the report issued by the Group at the end of 2018.
The letter of commitment to avoid competition among peers will inject eligible assets into the public company within five years of the formal start of the nuclear power project, the size of which is expected to grow faster and the performance of which will continue to grow is assured. The profitability of nuclear power plants will depend mainly on the cost of construction, the price of access to electricity, the number of hours used, and the utilization of nuclear power plants will be more visible.
Key factors in the performance and profitability of companies that are listed for sound nuclear power: With regard to the use of hours, in 2015-2017, China’s wide nuclear power unit used an average of less hours than China’s nuclear power plant, while in 2018 China used an average of up to 7554 hours to counter-China’s nuclear power, as a result of the Chinese nuclear power overhaul window of 2018.
In contrast, the number of major repairs and days of popular nuclear power in China has declined, indicating that the quality of its fleet is excellent, that China has a greater gold content than China's electricity grid, and that, owing to the large capacity of its nuclear fleet, which is located in provinces with greater electricity demand, such as Guangdong, China's electricity grid has been higher than China's nuclear power grid in 2015-2019h1, but that it has not increased as fast as China's nuclear power grid in recent years and is expected to follow it.
With the start-up of new machines and a steady rise in nuclear power use hours, China’s expansion of nuclear power on the Internet will increase. 4.2 China’s wide nuclear performance: roe is better, cost controls are better, free cash flow is much higher than China’s nuclear power supply.
4.2.1 Profitability: Roe, net profit and asset turnover are better than China ' s nuclear power, and China ' s wide nuclear power is better: the ultimate goal of the enterprise is to create value for shareholders, compared to China ' s wide nuclear power and its largest domestic competitor, China ' s net interest rate on nuclear power (roe). We can see that in 2014-2015, China ' s nuclear power rose slightly above China ' s wide nuclear power.
Since 2016, China’s Guangnuroe counter-Chinese nuclear power, and China’s capacity to generate value for shareholders is higher than China’s nuclear power. (In 2016-2019h1, both firms have fallen, which is related to their recent capital expansion.) Figure 70. Since 2016, China’s Guangnuroe has won more than China’s nuclear power.
Figure 71. Since 2014, China ' s net profit on Hiroshima is better than China ' s nuclear power, using the Dupont analysis method to break down roe into net profit, asset turnover and equity multipliers: it can be seen that since 2014 China ' s net profit on Hiroshima has been much higher than China ' s nuclear power, showing that China ' s vast nuclear power is more profitable.
China’s net profit on nuclear power rose from 2016 to 2016, reaching 28% in the first half of 2019. In terms of asset turnover, China’s nuclear power turnover ranged from 0.07 to 0.14, which is lower than in other sectors, as a result of a long nuclear fuel-exchange cycle, a high unit value, and a generally higher number of days spent on inventory than in other power-generating companies.
China’s vast nuclear power turnover is higher or equal to China’s nuclear power, showing that China’s vast nuclear assets are more mobile than China’s nuclear power, its management of its capital, and its ability to operate. With regard to the equity multiplier, China’s vast nuclear power multiplier has been consistently lower than China’s nuclear power since 2014, indicating China’s nuclear owner’s input.
Enterprises account for a larger share of total assets, they have a lower level of indebtedness, and their financial risks are smaller than China’s nuclear power. But it can also be seen that China’s wide-scale equity multipliers for the period 2014-2018 have been rising year by year, during which the company’s operating position has been on the upward trend.
Figure 73. Cost structure of China ' s wide nuclear rights and interests multiplier is even lower: the cost of selling electricity is relatively low, and the cost of selling electricity is closer to China ' s share of operating income. In 2014-2019h1, China ' s wide nuclear power ratio has been lower and more stable than China ' s nuclear power.
In recent years, both companies have seen a decline in the Māori rate, which is between 55 and 56% higher than China’s nuclear power market, and between 44 and 45%. In 2018, both companies experienced a slight decline in the price of electricity and a steady increase in Māori power consumption.
With the gradual improvement of nuclear power consumption, and the reduction of electricity traded on the electricity market, we judge that China’s prices of nuclear power and China’s nuclear power are expected to remain stable, and there is no risk of a significant decline. Figure 74. China’s wide nuclear Maori ratio is slightly higher than China’s nuclear power.
With regard to the cost composition of nuclear power generation, which comprises, inter alia, nuclear fuel costs, depreciation, spent fuel disposal funds, staff costs, operating maintenance costs and other costs, the annual volatility of these costs will affect the stability of the cost structure of the nuclear power industry. With regard to raw materials, the cost of Chinese nuclear materials remains around $0.057/kwh in 2015-2018, which is nearly 0.01 higher than China’s nuclear power supply.
Yuan/kwh, because only China Nuclear Fuel Company Ltd., a subsidiary of the China Nuclear Group, currently owns a complete nuclear fuel cycle license plate. However, according to China's Guangnua share offer, the company clearly signed a long-term nuclear fuel acquisition and supply service agreement with the uranium industry of China's Guangnu Group, and guaranteed long-term stability of the company's nuclear power project, economic supply of nuclear fuel, and nuclear combustion by the company.
In terms of depreciation, the depreciation and amortization costs of China’s wide-scale nuclear power from 2015 to 2018 are much lower than those of China’s nuclear power, which is the main reason for China’s low cost of wide-scale nuclear sales than China’s nuclear power supply, showing that China’s wide-scale nuclear power plant has been more effective in building nuclear power plants and in controlling the cost of equipment procurement.
At that time, it is expected that, in the future, as the third generation of nuclear power technology matures, the rate of national production of primary equipment is increasing, and the cost of running nuclear power units is increasing, the price of nuclear power equipment is expected to decrease further, and depreciation costs are expected. With regard to personnel costs, the cost of electricity is about $0.0246/kwh for the remuneration of Chinese Hiroshima workers, a decline of 8.55% over a four-year period, but it is still slightly higher.
Unlike other types of power plants, nuclear power operations, especially operators, are high-tech occupations, and higher salaries are conducive to retaining skilled personnel. Figure 77. China’s wide nuclear classification of electricity costs
Figure 78. China's Nuclear Power Classification and Electricity Cost  China's Nuclear Raw Material Quality Cost (RM/kwh)  Wide Nuclear Raw Material Quality Cost (RM/kwh)
▪ Central Nuclear Depreciation and amortization of electricity costs (M/kwh)  Wide Nuclear Depreciation and amortization of electricity costs (M/kwh) ▪ Central Nuclear Workers ' Pay Level Electricity Costs (M/kwh)
In terms of the cost of the period of remuneration of Hiroshima workers, the cost rate for the period 2014-2018 was almost higher than for China, but in recent years both companies have approached between 18 and 20 per cent.
In terms of sales costs, electricity sales by nuclear power companies are settled mainly with the grid, no additional marketing activities are required, and the sales of nuclear power in China are almost zero. In terms of financial costs, there is a higher level of borrowing for nuclear power project development financing, higher interest costs, and financial costs for nuclear power in China.
In recent years, China’s financial cost of Hiroshima (11.8%–13.6%) has been lower than China’s (12.3%–16.0%), which corresponds to China’s low equity multiplier for Hiroshima, which drys China’s nuclear power. In terms of management costs, China’s management of Hiroshima 2014-2019h1 is higher than China’s nuclear power, which is China’s rate during the Hiroshima period.
But China’s rate of management and management of Hiroshima is also declining year by year, indicating that its management and operational capabilities are increasing. Moreover, the advantages of China’s multi-technology technology are to avoid the co-mutual failure of a single technology, the disadvantages of which are the scaling up of China’s single-tech operations and the high costs of operating and managing multi-tech routes.
Figure 79. Cost rates for the extended nuclear period have remained generally stable
Among them, the cost of R & D in China was higher in 2015-2018 than in China, where Hiroshima actively participated in the construction of national and industry standards, has established a better science and technology research and development system and is actively integrated into the national science, technology and innovation system.
Engineering has contributed to the construction of a national research platform, the National Centre for Research and Development (Expert) for the Construction of Nuclear Energy and Power Works; and the creation of an industrial chain, the “Purpose of Science and Technology”, a collaborative innovation platform for the autonomous development and technological upgrading of nuclear power equipment. To date, Engineering has successfully received more than 20 national research projects, including the National Centre for Research and Development for the Construction of Nuclear Energy and Power Works, the Specialized Agency for the Development of Nuclear Power Works, the National Centre for Research and Technology for the Construction of Nuclear Power.
In addition, China has undertaken more than 30 group research projects and conducted more than 200 studies on its own, showing that China has widely checked the importance of innovation in nuclear power research and development and its ability to grow sustainably in the future. Figure 81. Guangning, China attaches great importance to innovation in research and development, with a sustained high proportion of research and development inputs.
4.2.3 Cash flow: The cash content of operating income is higher and cash support for capital expenditure is stronger in 2014 - 2015, when the ratio of cash to operating income (108 per cent, 105 per cent) received by China for the sale of goods and the provision of labour was lower than the ratio of China ' s nuclear power (13 per cent, 116 per cent) and since 2016 China ' s nuclear counter-Chinese nuclear power supply, which has remained stable at 117 - 119 per cent, and in 2019
Six months ago, the highest value was 119.15 per cent, indicating that China had a high cash content in recent years, a strong cash recovery capability in key operations such as electricity sales, and a higher quality of operating income than China’s nuclear power. With regard to the ratio of net cash flows from operating activities to net operating income, China’s Hiroshi recorded 233 to 264 per cent in 2016.
The volatility is lower than China’s nuclear power (272-306%), and it can be seen that China’s Hiroshima has more cash outflows than China’s nuclear power, mainly because of the high rate of depreciation of China’s nuclear power, which has led to a better net cash flow. It has already reached 1.4 (over 1) and has been higher than China’s nuclear power, mainly because China has not approved new nuclear power projects in the last three years.
In terms of free cash flows, China’s free cash flows have been positive since 2015, far higher than those of free cash, often negative, and China’s free cash flows amounted to $10,699 million in the first half of 2019.
The value of profits, dividends, and assets may be important indicators, but ultimately the growth of these indicators is determined by the company’s ability to generate cash. China’s vast nuclear cash flow allows it to raise dividends, develop new nuclear power technologies, build new nuclear power units to enter new markets, and pay for them.
Debt and financial risks have been significantly reduced. Figure 84. China’s Open Nuclear Free Cash Flows 4.3 China’s Wide Nuclear Industry Chain: Nuclear Fuel Reserves are Rich, and Research and Development’s “Wallon One” is open
With regard to the nuclear fuel plate, China’s Hiroshima has made a major breakthrough at the critical juncture: after more than a decade of tireless efforts, China’s Hiroshima has been in Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Canada, Australia, Namibia, etc.
The strategic layout of the areas with the greatest uranium resources in the world, with more than 300,000 tons of uranium in various ways, such as asset mergers and acquisitions, equity investments, cooperative development, and trade lock-outs, could cover 30 years of fuel requirements for 30 million kilowatt units. By acquiring and building the third largest global uranium mine – the Lake Namibia mine – the Middle and the North has become a major global producer of uranium resources, effectively quelling international uranium prices in 2013.
In addition, the Lake Mount project is in the lead-up to the construction and production of the fuel assembly plant, which is being built in cooperation with Kazakhstan. In addition, after its completion, the project will increase Namibia's gross domestic product (GDP) by about 5%, exports by about 20%, and local access to 2,000 permanent jobs, with tens of thousands of jobs, will serve as a model for China-Africa cooperation and construction of the “one-way” project.
With regard to the nuclear technology plate, China’s Hiroshima has always insisted on re-innovation through digestion and absorption on the basis of introduction: In 2010, China’s Guangnu began autonomous research and development of three generations of nuclear power technology in accordance with the latest international design concepts. China’s Hiroshima has drawn timely feedback from the experience of the 2011 Fukushima accident in Japan, increasing the number of non-dynamic safety designs, and developing three generations of autonomous nuclear power technology, the Hualong One.
By the end of 2017, 2036 related intellectual property rights had been created, including 1741 applications for Chinese patents, 41 applications for foreign patents from the United Kingdom, the United States, France, etc., and 254 applications for software copyrights. In 2018, China’s Hiroshima has also created four core business units, namely, electronic accelerator manufacturing, irradiation processing services, supply of modified highly molecular materials, and nuclear instrumentation development.
Figure 86. Wallonia I profile model Chart 85. With regard to nuclear power operations at the Lake Mount Namibia site, China's Hiroshima became not only the country's first nuclear power operator, but also the "go out" of China's nuclear power technology.
On October 21, 2015, China and the French Power Group signed an investment agreement for a new British nuclear power project, and the “Wallon One” has successfully entered the old British nuclear power force, making it another national card to “go out” our country after the high iron. With the demonstration effect of the successful export of Britain, several countries have taken a strong interest in China's “Wallon One.” At present, China has more than 20 companies or government authorities abroad.
The signing of a memorandum of understanding or a letter of intent on nuclear power cooperation has brought about a historic turn from “introduction” to “outwards”, which has led to a solid and significant step forward in our country on the road to nuclear power.
In the future, the company’s performance will continue to grow accordingly, as the company’s management fleet continues to grow. Among these, the increase in the company’s holdings will result in a synchronized increase in the company’s online power supply and revenue.
32.40gw and 32.40gw, with access to electricity (including associated companies), 180.15, 197.71, 206.26, 217.78 and 226.10 twh, with the exception of China's nuclear power (the only listed company with a nuclear power operation at present, with the exception of Hiroshima, China), the three companies were selected as comparable companies, the average of which was 14.61.
Nuclear power is ahead of Chinese nuclear power in terms of capacity and operational efficiency, and as a industry leader, it is given a value premium of $4.30 per 20-fold mark in 2020, covered for the first time with a “precautiously recommended” rating. Nuclear power, due to its high hours and low volatility, cost structure is stable, performance is generally stable and predictable, and cash flow is highly appropriate
Based on company history data, 3.01% at risk-free interest rates (five-year rate of return on public debt), and 8.49% market rate of return (nearly, the structure of the post-stabilization ratio can be compared to the debt structure of the utility company, assuming that the target debt structure is 60% of the debt, it is calculated that the company Wacc has a better medium- and long-term development potential as a clean energy source, and therefore a sustainable growth rate of 1.5%,
Nuclear power in progress is not as fast as expected. The risk of nuclear power policy adjustment – approval of nuclear power – is not as fast as expected, the increase in market-based electricity has led to lower average feed-in tariffs, tax benefits from nuclear power tax, environmental policy adjustments, etc.
Risk of a shortage of nuclear fuel supply. Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 5 Guangzhou West Road, Tianhai River District, Guangzhou City, 4th Floor