The components are growing at a very high rate, and the profitability is expected to return to normal -- the year 2020 and the 21-year quarterly reviews.
By 2020, the company component was 15.88gw, an increase of 54.78% compared to the previous year. According to pvinfolink, the company ranked third in the world in 2020.
Well-developed systems, well-structured distribution channels, a build-up of corporate brand advantages, a global market for companies.
Prior-period low-price orders have been delayed, and corporate profits have fallen slightly, and they have remained strong in 20 years, with a sharp increase in acreage and silicon. q1 ' s Māori rate in 2021 was 10.78%, a 13 percentage point decline in comparison, mainly from the company.
Lower than the component ' s spot price, while higher upstream silicon prices further squeeze the company ' s profit level, with a net gain of 3.5%/w measured for 21q1 companies. The company is currently working on a low-priced billing basis, with a limited stock and the company adjusting its billing strategy in a timely manner, increasing its current position through excellent channels.
The weight of the bill is flexible in responding to price fluctuations in the industrial chain; at the same time, as the company's new production capacity is being phased out and the advantages of scale are increasing, we expect that the profits of the q2-q3 component are expected to meet the steady expansion of the integrated production capacity, with a larger share rising.
By the end of 2020, the company had a component capacity of 23gw and the upstream silicon and battery capacity of about 80% of the component capacity. According to the construction progress announced by the company, the new high-efficiency capacity of the silicon tablets, the Ning Jin batteries, the ioyan state and the Vietnamese battery assembly will continue to grow.
By the end of 21st year, the company's components are expected to produce more than 40gw, silicon and battery capacity will continue to be about 80% of the component's capacity. The company's additional capacity is large-sized and large-scale products are not available and we expect the company's 182-sized components to be better off in 2021.
They maintain a corporate “uptake” rating. The company’s new production capacity is not as high as expected, and the industry chain price game continues to drive downstream demand.
Unexpected release, increased competition in the industry, etc.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.