São Paulo shares (300661) Electronic simulation chip with rare targets, future development potential, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Simulating the national production of chips, leading in time for future development. São Público is a semiconductor company focused on high-performance, high-quality analogue integrated circuit development and marketing, whose generic mimicn products are good performance, good quality and can be used in a wide range of fields. The company is a focused integrated circuit design within the national planning layout.
Enterprises and the first integrated circuit design firm to be financed by the State investment fund for the integrated circuit industry, the country’s knowledge of the advantages of property rights, and one of the largest integrated circuit design firms in the country. The dollar rose by 7.7% in the same year, resulting in a net profit of 100 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 10.5% in the same year.
The sales and financial costs have remained constant at a low level, companies have always focused on R & D inputs to improve the nuclear competitiveness of products, and R & D funding has increased steadily in recent years, reaching 35 per cent in Cagr over the last five years.
The company’s main product is a high-performance simulation chip, which covers two major areas of telecommunications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical devices, automobile electronics, etc., and can be widely applied in a wide range of areas, such as communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical devices, and automobiles. The technological strength of the company has enabled São Paulo’s shares to develop and succeed.
The market has grown rapidly, the company has more than 1,000 products, all in line with EU rohs standards and green environmental standards, and a series of signal chains and power management simulations will continue to be launched in 2019.
The simulation chip market itself is growing, on the other hand, globally, the value of corporate output is being simulated globally, the chip market is relatively low, and there is greater potential for expanding the company’s existing market share. In the future, as R&D increases further and sales continue to expand, firms’ industries in the domestic integrated circuit design industry will continue to grow.
The position will be further upgraded, with more products at the international level. Dollars, $2.62. Given that companies are home-grown champions of simulation chips, competition patterns are good, while firms continue to invest in high-level R & D investments to improve their competitiveness in the development of high-performance products, and their future performance is expected to grow faster.
dollar. First-time coverage, “enhancement” rating. 1 Simulation chip national leader, sgmicrocorp Inc. is a high-performance, high-quality model.
Semiconductor companies to develop and sell integrated circuits. The generic simulatoric product of São Paulo shares is excellent in performance and quality and can be widely applied in many areas, such as smartphones, pad, digital television, dvd, digital cameras, laptop computers, wearable equipment, a variety of consumer electronics, and vehicle electronics, industrial controls, medical equipment, test instruments, etc.
The São Paulo stocking technical team, composed of senior industry experts, has advanced analogue integrated circuit design, process, production, testing, and reliability techniques and a wealth of quality management experience. The São Paulo stock has traditionally focused on R & D inputs, and its strong technical strength has led to a rapid increase in products that have been developed autonomously and successfully marketed by the São Paulo stock, and the company has more than 1,000 products, all in line with the EU.
Rohs standards and green environmental standards, such as 500 mhz high-speed magnifiers, high accuracy amplifiers, working electricity 300na ultra low power comparison, 50 mhz ultra low-noise amplifier, 500ma high-precision low-noise ldo, 0.4 ounce analogue switches, power monitoring circuits, 6-stage video filters, 1:3,000 large dynamic backlights, 2a twin flashes
Light-led, low-efficiency dc/dc switching, lithium battery charging and protection of management chips, load switches, level switching chips, etc. The company is investing in research and development in areas related to high-end simulation chips such as ad/da, new-energy battery management, new-energy vehicles, third-generation semiconductor power drive, and new products are being introduced to the market in 2019.
A series of signal chains and power management-type analogues have been produced.Corporates are the main integrated circuit designers within the national planning layout and the first integrated circuit designers that receive the capital of the national integrated circuit industry. National intellectual property dominance firms are also the largest integrated circuit designers in the country.
Corporate equity structures are stable and relatively concentrated. As of December 2018, Beijing had limited investment management in Hong Da Yongtai.