2023q1 increased profitability and diversified development of orders - Tian Jian (601186.sh) incident assessment report from China, Tian Jian (China) issued a quarterly report: the company achieved operating income in the first quarter of 2023
27,3539 million yuan, an increase of 3.43 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of $5,908 million, an increase in the Māori ratio, a steady improvement in cash flow; an increase in profitability of q1 in 2023, an increase in operating income of 27,3539 million yuan; and the same
This represents an increase of 3.43 per cent, and a net profit/discount net profit of 59,08,564 million, mainly due to higher growth in the Maori rate, resulting in an increase in net interest rates. The cost end-of-service ratio increased slightly, by 4.14 per cent over the period, and by 0.25 pct over the same period, with sales/management.
The development of diversity has led to a sustained growth of orders1 and the construction of iron in China (601186): the diversification of the company ' s operations has led to a sustained growth in the number of new contracts.
Internal and external resonance for development, construction with high value, total contracts of 53,96.34 million yuan, an increase of 15.82 per cent over the same period.
National water network construction plan, with significant growth in water transport operations, in addition to steady growth in iron, road, municipal and other operational orders; investment in new contracts of $43.474 billion, or 60.22 per cent of the year, mainly in the context of the Ppp and the urban development portfolio
The total number of requests for proposals decreased; green green new bids of $20,248 million increased the pace of green transformation; real estate development new contracts of $20,127 million, compared to $50,99,283 million, compared to the corresponding sub-areas.
The value of the pb valuation is more resilient in the context of the Chinese Character Valuation System, and the value of the value has been significantly revised in the context of the “China Character Valuation System.”
In addition, the three major communications operators averaged 1.39 pb and the “three barrels of oil” averaged 1.14 pb. Of the eight major buildings, China's iron construction/China construction/China construction/China construction/China's electricity/China chemical/China's capacity to build pb, respectively.
0.95. China ' s iron construction pb is currently valued at the lowest of eight buildings, and pb valuation (1) capital recovery is not as high as expected; (2) policy support is not as strong as expected; (3) construction materials group presentation
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research in building materials and three years of experience in building materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.