High growth in water contracts for electricity and a marked improvement in cash flow
The company achieved operating income of $1.10 trillion in 2022, an increase of 7.48 per cent in comparison with the previous year, a net profit of the mother, a growth of 7.40 per cent in relation to the previous year.
The colour industry grew faster, with a new contract of $19.658 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The pace of transformation is accelerating. In the construction project, new contracts for power projects amount to $12,604 million, a significant increase of 290.73 per cent over the same period, with companies predominantly using pumping energy and offshore wind and wind markets as their entry points, and the share of the hydropower and wind and wind markets is fast.
The number of new contracts for water transport works has increased by more than 50%, mainly in line with the company’s policies.
In 2022, the company portfolio increased by 0.02 pct. By type of business, the planning and design consulting business was profitable.
In terms of cash flow, the net operating cash flow of the company was 56,135 million yuan, compared with a net outflow of $7,304 million in 2021, the main source of a significant improvement in cash flow.
In 2022, the company completed a comprehensive layout along the industrial chain of construction with a business content.
Engineering contracting, planning and design consulting, investment operations, real estate development, industrial manufacturing, material logistics, green environment, industrial finance and new and emerging industries in many fields, including railways, roads, urban rail transport, housing construction, municipalities
An initial shift from a traditional contractor to a contractor-based, investor, developer, operator to a full-time, full-cycle, individualized process for owners of different fields, types and needs
The company expands its “investment +” business, fosters business assets with sustained capacity, and accelerates the development of investment operations such as railways, transhipments and property tods, highways +, new infrastructure, etc.
Investment proposals: The construction of China’s speciality valuation system is expected to benefit low-valued buildings. The construction industry’s concentration continues to increase, and the vanguards are expected to stay strong.
/ Unit, which maintains a “recommended” rating of four times the current share price. Not as much as expected risk; not as likely to expand overseas operations. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.