The company plans to transfer the shares of the fully-owned subsidiary, Chuhai Soft Circuit Limited, to Shenzhen City.
After the transfer of the shares, the company still holds a 49% win-win share in Chuhai, and the win-win will become the company.
Camp management, a 17-year win-win in Chuhai, lost $40.3 million and $5.521 million in the first half of 18, respectively. As one of the most highly qualified pcb taps in the country, he had a strong executive and managerial capacity to make a profit in the year when he came into production and took over the production capacity and products of the fpc after he took over.
This transfer of equity will therefore be a win-win situation for both the opposite and the boom. To ease the fpc production bottlenecks, cooperation between the two sides is expected to increase further this year: Jiangxi II expansion.
The production is rigid, the annual production of 2 million flats is expected to start around 2020, and the fpc capacity is currently very tight, and the production bottlenecks are expected to be alleviated by purchasing a win-win share of fpc in the Pearl Sea.
The industry, with its solid, thin-haired ideas and genes, is expected to deepen its future cooperation in the areas of mobile phones, communications, and cars.  New machines for large clients are being released, new products are going up well, and q4 performances are waiting to break out: three big clients.
New machines and watch have been released, in line with previous expectations. New items imported by the company, such as wireless chargers, lcp antennas, linear motors, have gone well on the slopes in the second half of the year.
The company’s performance is about to break out. At the same time, the company’s communications product (the base station, which meets expectations, benefits from multiple new products in the second half of the year, antennas, filters, light modules, etc.) is over-expected, driving the communications business to grow in the first half of the year.
Power is full, sophisticated manufacturing platforms continue to grow faster than the company's performance expected in the last two years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating!
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board