In the second half of the year, several new products were imported into the industry, as expected. The company announcement was published in the semi-annual year 2018, with business income of 12.26 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 45.12 per cent in the same year and a net profit of 826 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 21.11 per cent in the same year.
Business income increased by 52.08 per cent to 6,622 million yuan on a one-quarter basis, resulting in a net profit of $493 million for the mother, an increase of 29.49 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and by 55.14 per cent on the net profit from non-repatriation.
A 45 per cent increase, a 52 per cent increase in income in the first quarter of q2 and a 29 per cent increase in net profit from maternity, mainly as a result of: 1) a 48 per cent increase in revenue from consumer electronics in the first half of the year to 8.36 billion dollars in comparison with the same period last year, the contribution of airpods was significant, the acoustic share continued to rise, Andre clients continued to rise.
Wireless chargers, vibrating motors have also started to be imported; 2) base station antennas, light modules, medium filters, etc., have been released in communications products and automobile electronics, with revenues increasing at a rate of 166% and 76% respectively.  New items have started to climb, and profitability is expected to improve in the second half of the year: the company's Māori rate in the first quarter of the second quarter.
On the one hand, the end of the firm ' s good climb rate, the increase in the self-regulation rate of raw materials, which has had a positive impact on the Māori rate, and on the other hand, the decline in the prices of large clients ' acoustic products and the fact that many new items in the company ' s reserves are starting to climb, have some impact on Māori rates.
We judge that the company’s profitability is expected to improve with the end of the climb in the success rate of the new product, and the increase in its voice share in the next half of the year in the big customer’s new machine. q3 grew faster, with multiple new products imported in the second half driving high performance growth: the company’s first three quarters.
1 24775: Light machines, full power, sophisticated manufacturing platforms, linear motors, etc., are being imported into large customers. Considering that q3 new items have just started to be imported, and q4 is large.
2 q2 Outlook is better than q1 and new client lcd iphones in the second half of the year are flexible in sales, and we judge that the growth of the company in the fourth quarter will be further accelerated. With excellent collaboration and managerial capacity, it will become the client’s understanding of hardware.
Not only did the capture of the full-scale outbreak succeed in the horizontal expansion of multi-products, but there was a sustained breakthrough in the self-contained and reserve of core parts, which ensured the company's failure in the layout of consumer electronics, telecommunications, automobiles and electronics.
3. "A high year-round performance growth, 18 years-long high growth. In addition, the company announces stock options and highlights its expectations for faster performance growth over the last two years, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board