The net profit effect of the combined sale of the 3D seedlings is estimated to be about 0.9 million yuan, net of non-recurring gains and losses.
The core product ac-hib vaccine sales were fully restored in 2017, the entire second-class vaccine market was out of the valley, and the company’s main product sales were fully restored. The company pushed forward its home-grown vaccine, which was dominated by the global exclusive ac-hib vaccine.
The sale of products by major shareholders (2017q3), which we expect to sell more than 4 million of ac-hib all year of 2017, has returned to pre-vaccination levels, ensuring a full recovery of performance in 2017.
In 2018, with the continued replacement of the MNDs for single seedlings, driven by strong corporate sales, we believe that the sale of the company ' s ac-hib 3 seedlings is expected to be further released, with an expected income structure of up to 6 million (y2016)
The tender for the agent's 4-price hpv is ahead of schedule, and in the future the new product will lead to a high-speed increase in performance.
The winning bid, which has already been issued for 540,000 lots, will begin to make a profit in 2018. Gardasil is used to prevent high-prevalence malignant cervical cancer in women aged 20-45, for a group of approximately 300 million persons of appropriate age, for a price of approximately 2400 won, at a penetration rate of 10%, and the market is empty.
More than 70 billion dollars, very large, will be profitable for the company. Moreover, the company’s agent Mercerton’s five-priced Rotavirus vaccine is expected to be marketed this year, and the rich products of preventive micro-cards, ec reagent boxes, etc., will also hold up the company’s future performance.
Given the rapid recovery in corporate performance and the four-priced hpv vaccine bidding process, the government has been able to improve the quality of its products, especially in the developing world.
The daily round price is 33.63 times higher than the current rate. The biopone is a leading company in the country for type II vaccines, with strong corporate research and development, and many innovations, multi-priced multipolar vaccines will gradually be marketed, creating new growth points for profits; and the sole agent's 4-price hpv.
Once the vaccines are marketed, the company will be profitable, and we look forward to the company's development over the coming period and maintain an “uptake” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.