The New Year's Report was slightly over-expected as a high-growth era, with a quarter of a pre-eminence of the smart-flying creature, the smart-flying creature (300122) event.
In 17 years, the company achieved business income of 1,343 million yuan, an increase of 433 million yuan, an increase of 1,500.82 per cent, while the company issued a quarterly forecast that an increase in the annual report was slightly higher than expected, and that of the three-way seedlings, which led to a year-long high rate of growth.
In 17 years, business income reached 1.343 billion yuan, an increase of 201.06 per cent in the same year; net return on the mother's profits The increase in performance resulting from the sale of vaccines into the market after their issuance was achieved The financial indicator is 314 million yuan, an increase of 55.91 per cent in the same year, mainly for companies
The increase in sales team-building and market promotion was explained by the administrative cost of $187 million, an increase of 21.36 per cent over the previous year, and the administrative cost rate of 13.95 per cent, which has been low in recent years, mainly because of the $126.35 per cent increase in the same year, and the impact of the three seedlings outbreak in 17 years on companies.
On the subsidiary side, Beijing's net profit is 429 million yuan, mainly from the Tripod industry.
At the start of the high-growth year, when the big product of vaccine innovation was embraced, the ec diagnostic reagents were close to being declared for production.
After 16 years of vaccine activity, the company fully resumed its production and sales operations, and for 17 full years, the high-growth year began with a strong look at the company's future eruptions, mainly from the company's stock sales of ac-hib and as a triple seedling.
In the first year of high-performance sales, the stocking of the 3-Small is far from being reached, and future sales are expected to reach around 10 million (about 4 million are expected to be sold in 17 years, contributing 400 million dollars in profit).
"Intelligent Beast" (300122), "Integrational Beast" (300122): We think it's mainly a performance gain from the start of the Hpv vaccine in November.
It will be the first year of a sudden growth in corporate performance, beginning with a high-growth era. 2 , hpv vaccine sales are on fire, supplementary extension agreements will highlight the company’s confidence in its future development. 1 Quarterly Hpv increment clearly heralds bright performance throughout the year.
(1) The Hpv vaccine market is on fire. The four-priced Hpv vaccine pre-sale is also progressing steadily, and is a source of financial prosperity in the East in 26 provinces, including Henan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Heilongjiang, Beijing, Guangdong, etc.
Ji Fei Bian (300122): A slightly over-expected high-growth era began with a quarterly forecast of year-round bright and bright performance (direct city) winning the bid, which is currently issued in 135 batches from November to early March of last year, of which approximately 1 million have been issued in 18 years, according to the current market sales situation, the local sales have been hot, the market has been highly reverberated and, according to the current market's acceptance of heat, we consider it to be essentially an endorsement.
The company signed a supplementary extension agreement in 17 years to show the company's confidence in its future development. On 2 September, the company signed a contract with Mersardon on the basis of the original agreement, which expired on 30 June, and confirmed the extension of the agreement for the first nine months.
We believe that the signing of the company ' s Supplementary Agreement shows that the company ' s good expectations for future Hpv sales will add significantly to the company ' s performance as the exclusive agent ' s product, the Hpv vaccine, is marketed. (3) The Hpv market is potentially open. According to the National Statistical Office, in 2015, the number of women in the 20-45 age group is about 280 million, and it is now high.
Given the huge market space in the country, we expect sales to reach around $3 billion in the first year, which will make a significant contribution to the company’s performance. It is argued that, in addition to the same-year increase in the three seedlings, it will benefit mainly from the company’s performance contribution from the successful roll-out of the Hpv vaccine, in line with the company’s current sales trends.
We believe that the company’s performance throughout the year (only two months of expected sales time in the quarter) will become more visible, with big supermarket expectations.3 The heavy-pound product prevention microcards are declared near, and the five-priced rotations are expected to be strong.The company’s research and development pipelines are abundant, and many of the products are in clinical iii end or declared production stage: 1) diagnostic reagents in the nodules.
Prior to the end of the iii clinical period, production is expected to be declared in the near future, and it is expected that, with price advantages, large-scale replacements for the gamma disruptor test currently in use in the market will be possible in the future; (2) Clinical trials have been completed to prevent microcards, which are expected to be declared in the near future, with great market potential. Tuberculosis is ranked second in the country in the case of infectious diseases of type A and B, with a prevalence rate of 20% in certain regions, with a prevalence rate of nearly 5%.
In the event that BCG’s prevention is ineffective, it is expected that in the future the microcards will be marketed in large areas and will become a heavy-pound breed of Hpv, bv71 vaccine; and 3) the surrogate five-priced rotavirus vaccine is expected to be marketed strongly. It has entered the priority review process in February this year, is currently in the process of approval, and is expected to be approved in about April this year, with the roll-out taking place in about the fourth quarter of 18th year.
About 10 million infants and young children suffer from rotavirus-infected gastrointestinal inflammation each year, about one fourth of those under 2 years of age, which is the most important cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children. We expect that once the five-priced metrovirus vaccine is on the market, it will quickly take over the market, taking advantage of the immuno-price advantage, and that, based on the current sales of the single-priced metrovirus in Lanzhou, sales will also be expected to reach at least 1 billion scale.
4. The vaccine industry has come to an era of big products, and the logic of investment has been refined. We believe that Hpv-like vaccines are now on the market quickly, based on the following background: first, the unique market environment for vaccines, which we think is easy to produce.
In the first place, there are more single-species firms, more homogenous products, fewer firms with the power and ability to develop and develop large varieties, and the marketing of large products must be in a very competitive pattern. Second, the policy environment is conducive to a rapid release of vaccines.
The price reduction (price stability, especially for large varieties, low pressure from producers) and the cost of health insurance (low price for vaccines, lack of health insurance for secondary seedlings), among other things, are less influential; access to CDCs and township community hospitals is facilitated through channels, and a very good basis is set for the listing of large varieties.
In the end, because it is an intelligent creature. Sixteen years after the vaccine incident, under a comprehensive reform of the “one vote system”, the company's sales team began to expand to reach its current strength of 1,200 + through the previous 600, and the company has accumulated a huge amount of end-of-life resources under years of industry.
The marketing terminal has covered 2,248 districts of the country, with more than 25,400 vaccination sites, and good products have been placed in the corporate system. The company is the company with the most aggressive performance following the vaccine event, while the agent product is heavy in weight, has a large variety of potential, has a good stock of pipelines, and is now on the market: the company has listed a variety of three seedlings, including ac-hib, a four-priced Hpv, and a five-price rotation virus vaccine (perhaps).
Recently approved, 23-priced pneumonia and hepatitis A, and old vaccine operations. As the company’s triple seedlings were in the outbreak phase from 17 years ago, the 18-19 elimination of the 18-19 price pneumonia, double-bore rabies, etc., have been clinically tested, and we used the dcf model to measure future listings with 24.6 billion line varieties (relevant measurements are reported in depth), resulting in the company’s 18-year target of 74.3 billion yuan.
There is currently 43% room. The company continues to be given a “strongly recommended” rating. The sale of triple seedlings is lower than expected; the sale of hpv vaccines is lower than expected; and industrial events affect the source of Eastern financial prosperity.
• Three years of work experience in the securities industry, three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry.
Researcher, seventh core member of the new wealth team in 2015 and third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Economics, June School of Commerce, Beijing.
Xiamen University's Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, formerly held in Tianxian Pharmaceuticals Group, Inc. In December 2016, the CSCP team added its own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Our company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of any change in the information and proposals contained therein. We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
Transactions, which may also provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products to these companies, etc.