The performance of the chemistry biopharmaceuticals has grown and the exclusive ac-hib triple seedlings have been rapidly released: the company's performance grew rapidly in 2017.
On the one hand, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident during the same period in 2016, the company ' s second and third quarters of the product spread slowly and sales largely stagnated, leading to a lower net profit base for the same period in 2016, and on the other hand, the company ' s business was rapidly improving in 2017, and its promotion and sales were well under way.
With the rapid release, we expect the company ac-hib to sell around 4 million seedlings throughout 2017, and the net profit on the right. We expect the company to sell 6 million copies in 2018, with a peak of hpv vaccine on the market and a significant increase in company elasticity: Mossatón's 4-priced Hpv vaccine is the second most expensive Hpv vaccine in the world.
The company has exclusive authority over the 4-priced Hpv vaccine in Mossad, and a number of provinces have now completed tenders with the latest bid of $798 per shot, for a total of 2,394 needles. The company works with Mercsardon to scale up the promotion of the Hpv vaccine in the country.
A strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the health of the United States of America to establish an adult vaccination clinic (inoculation clinic with special needs); and, on the other hand, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the health of Ali in order to build an integrated “Internet+” preventive health management system and promote infrastructure for adult vaccination.
As the Hpv vaccine spreads, the company Hpv vaccine will increase its penetration and vaccination coverage throughout the country. We expect to achieve 1.5-2 million copies of Hpv vaccine sales in 2018, or 4.5-6 million, with net profits of more than $600 million for the company and a significant increase in company elasticity.
The company’s medium- and long-term performance growth is supported by the successful follow-up of heavy-pound varieties: (1) the company’s microcard test for tuberculosis prevention has entered the iii clinical phase, the microcard is a much-needed product, and the application for listing is expected to enter the green corridor, which is expected to be marketed this year.
Intelligent organisms: Healthy People's Clinics are built to provide better prevention for high-risk populations with cytocellular tuberculosis. Microcards require six doses, and the price of 300-400 won per needle.
Intelligent organisms: Self-incubated agents, vaccine taps opened, estimated vaccination rates, corresponding to market space of 990 million yuan, 2.970 billion yuan, 4.950 billion yuan and 9.00 billion yuan, with huge market space. The company microcard is expected to be the first to market as a high-risk group to prevent tuberculosis bacterium infection.
Smart Flying Organisms: There has been a significant increase in performance, with many products worth vaccines against tuberculosis, leading the market. Meanwhile, the company’s diagnostic reagent for bacterium tuberculosis testing has entered the iii clinical phase, and is expected to be marketed in 2018-2019, with significant advantages in terms of price and sensitivity.
In the future, the company is expected to complete diagnosis, prevention and treatment in the field of tuberculosis, and the overall tuberculosis control programme is largely in place. (2) The rotation of the company's agent, Mossadon five-priced virus vaccine, has reached its priority approval stage.
The ratarix vaccine of the gsk, a competitor for the mercado 5-priced virus vaccine, will not be on the market for the short term, and it is clearly better in antigens, safety, and effectiveness than Rovet, which we expect to be on the market.
The 15-priced pneumococcal combination developed by the company, which covers the top 15 serotypes in Asia, is also consistent with the dominant serotype distribution in the country, as compared to Pfizer's 13-price pneumococcal combination vaccine.
Better suited to inoculation by the Asian people is also a major heavy-pound product to be expected.