Core product roll-in period, R&D ladder build future performance elasticity - 2017 annual report and first quarter performance forecast for 2018. On 19 March 2018, the company issued 17-year annual reports and one-quarter performance forecast for 18 years.
Product sales are fully restored. Performance increases quarterly \triangleright is gradually completed, the policy environment is stabilized, companies have complete chains of vaccine-type II industries from R & D to marketing, and perform fast
A total of 4.7 million bottles were approved for sale during the year, with a projected annual sales volume of 4 million bottles, contributing 400 million dollars. Marketing and R & D costs are higher, and the growth of proxy varieties reduces the Mäori ratio \triangleright
This increase is due to the fact that the Māori rate for corporate ownership was 82.82 per cent, a decrease of 10.58 pct compared to the same period the previous year, mainly due to the increase in sales of the proxy category II seedlings at the low Māori rate. Cash flows from operating activities reached $1,003 million, an increase of 84.34 per cent compared to the previous year.
The ac-hib triple vaccine, the four-priced hpv vaccine, is 18 years old, \triangleright has contributed 8 million bottles and 800 million dollars, respectively. The four-priced hpv vaccine has now been issued, of which 928,000 have been approved since it was launched in 17 years.
18,580,000: this product has been awarded in 26 provinces and municipalities throughout the country and is expected to be marketed as the vaccination process unfolds. Rapidly rising routes are expected to reach 1.5 million sales throughout the year, totalling 4.5 million, at 120 yuan per profit, building heavy-pound varieties of development ladders, rotational virus vaccine expected to be on the market for 18 years, and the whole field of nodule distribution.
Corporate R & D is steadily moving forward, with 20 autonomous research projects currently deployed in the field of viral and bacterial prevention, multi-pound stocks of: (1) five-priced rotating vaccines were added to the priority review list in December 16, and are expected to be marketed in 18 years h1 and are expected to become a $1 billion-a-year variety in the future; 2) a comprehensive tuberculosis industry chain with micro-cards is suitable for tuberculosis prevention
The 3rd phase of the clinical response is expected to be completed in the near future, and is expected to be marketed in 19 years, with more than 1 billion spaces at the current price of the adaptive condition: 3 stages of clinical completion are expected in the first half of the year combined with the diagnostic reagent ec, 19 years of listing: while the company's recombinant tuberculosis seedlings and bcg-ppd are at the stage of clinical preparation and treatment, respectively, and future companies are expected to acquire in the field of tuberculosis in the country.
Lead position; 3) 15-priced clinical batches for co-vaccination of pneumococcus, covering 15 serum types common in Asia and applicable to children, which are expected to yield greater performance elasticity in the future; 4) 4-priced influenza fission vaccine and frozen dry rabies vaccine (mrc-5) received successive clinical batches during the reporting period. In addition, the company’s participation unit established the Chongqing Wise Investment, a forward biopharmaceutical.
1. " The performance of the wise-flying creature (300122) 2017 " Promotion of a cooperative strategy to pave the way for medical examination \triangleright
During the reporting period, the company continued to increase its cooperation by signing a cooperation agreement with the American Year of Health for the creation of a large core programme of immunization for adults.
A nationwide network of outpatient clinics promotes the configuration and operation of Hpv vaccines in specialized medical centres.
(c) Development of the basis for the use of the strains associated with the agent ec and Chongqing wisdom, with some cooperative medical examination channels benefiting both the long term and the long term.
The company ' s beneficiary industries are warming, the three-mode and hpv vaccine cores are in their release periods, and the R & D pipelines are well stocked. Sales of core varieties are not as high as expected; R & D is not progressing as expected.
Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, joined in November 2017 with the author with the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.