The impact of the policy was phased out and performance recovered significantly.
\triangleright Industry Environments are further regulated and purified, and the company, as a high-quality type II vaccine company, has resumed product promotion and marketing, and its performance has increased significantly.
Four hundred and seventy thousand bottles were approved, compared to 222,000 for the entire 16-year period; their sales are expected to reach four million bottles for the year, two core varieties are expected to drive future performance, three seedlings continue to be released, and the Hpv vaccine is accelerated.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine has now been issued for a roll-in period of 9.28 million, of which 580,000 have been awarded since it was marketed in 17 years; this product has been awarded in 1880 in 25 provinces and cities of the country and is expected to be sold at an accelerated rate, with 1.5 million copies expected to be sold throughout the year, totalling 4.5 million copies at a profit of 120 yuan per year.
Five-priced rotating vaccines are expected to be on the market in the year, with a chain of tuberculosis industries.
Links, microcards of 3 stages of anti-tuberculosis clinical treatment are expected to be completed in the near future, and are expected to be marketed in 19 years, with a space of over 1 billion at the current price of the adaptive condition; 3 sessions of clinical treatment are expected to be completed in the first half of the year in conjunction with the diagnostic reagent ec and to be marketed in 19 years; and the restructuring of the company combined with the vaccine and bcg-ppd is in the clinical preparation and treatment stages, respectively, with a combined effort.
In the future, the company is expected to take the lead in the field of tuberculosis in the country.
Product companies averaged 45 times more than industry and, as industry leaders, had a certain premium range, maintaining a “very recommended” rating. Product sales were below expectations; R & D was not progressing as expected.
(a) Smart Flying Organisms (300122): Strategic Co-operative Medical Examinations 2. Wise Flying Organisms (300122): Hpv vaccine approved 3. Wise Flying Organisms (300122): Performance is strong and warm.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,