Ji Fei Bian (300122) event evaluation, Ji Fei Bian, Ji Fei Bian issued an advance announcement in the annual report, and the company is expected to be a net profit on the market for 17 years.
1. The annual report projected a slightly higher than expected increase, with the outbreak of the 3G seedlings leading to high annual growth, with the company expected to be listed for 17 years with net profits of between $420 million and $450 million, followed by a full recovery of production and sales operations following the same growth events, with 17 years of growth mainly from the company
Ac-hib is sold in bulk and, as the first year of its sale, it is expected to sell around 4 million seedlings a year, contributing about 400 million dollars in profits.
The initial year of growth began with a high-growth era. 2 , hpv vaccine sales were on fire, and supplementary extension agreements were signed to highlight the company’s confidence in future development (1) hpv vaccine market sales were on fire.
Steady progress has been made in 24 provinces, including Henan, Yunnan, Chongqing, Heilongjiang, Beijing and Guangdong.
The high-growth year, when the big vaccine innovation product was launched, the tender information was submitted, and the market is now on fire. The first three-quarter review of the Twilight Beast (300122) was issued in November 17th.
Up to now, 540,000 hpv have been passed through the Middle Court and pushed to the market, and the Year of High Growth has opened, with a strong interest in the company's future outbreak.
On 2 September, the company signed an agreement with Mercerton on the supply, distribution and co-extension of the original agreement.
The term and quantity of the four-priced hpv purchase were further clarified in the Filling Agreement: " An assessment of the Twilight Bio (300122) Incident: Agent hpv ceases, confirming the extension of the duration of the agreement nine months before expiry.
The “3+2” agency contract (two years as a confirmation period), with a three-year base purchase amount, has been extended by a clear period of procurement. We believe that the company’s Supplementary Agreement was signed as an indication of the company’s good expectation of future Hpv sales, with the exclusive agent product.
East’s financial and intellectual boom, Ji Fei Bian (300122): The annual report is expected to increase slightly beyond expectations, and the marketing of Hpv vaccines, which began in an era of high growth, will further boost corporate performance.
According to the National Statistical Office, in 2015, the number of women in the 20-45 age group is about 280 million, and the current price of Gatar's three needles is around $2,400, with a potential market size of about 140 billion assuming a 20% vaccination rate in the future. Given the country's huge market space, we expect sales to reach around $3 billion in the first year, which will make a huge contribution to company performance.
3. The clinical end of the heavy-pound product prevention microcard, with a strong five-priced rotation, is expected to be on the market. Corporate research and development pipelines are abundant, and many of the products are either in clinical iii or declared production stage: 1) diagnostic reagents in the nodules, pre-clinical end of stage iii, will be declared in the near future, and it is expected that, with price advantages, large-scale replacements of the gamma currently used in the market will be possible in the future.
Interferon detection methods; 2) Microcard prevention is at the end of the clinical ii period and is expected to be declared in the near future, with great market potential. Tuberculosis is ranked second in the country in the category of A and B infectious diseases, and in some areas 20% of the population with germs, with a prevalence rate close to 5%. With the current market using BCG prevention ineffective, it is expected that in the future, the microcard will be rolled over to the same level as the Hpv, bv71 vaccine.
In February this year, it was introduced into the priority review process, which is expected to be approved in the near future. Rotavirus is the leading cause of acute gastrointestinal inflammation among infants and young children. Every year, about 10 million infants and young children are infected with cyclic virus. Gastrointestinal inflammation, which accounts for about one fourth of all infants under the age of 2, is the leading cause of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children.
Once listed, the market will be rapidly occupied, based on an immuno-price advantage, and based on the current sales of the single-priced rota virus in Lanzhou (1.75 billion yuan in 15 years based on batch issuances), sales are expected to reach at least 1 billion degrees in size. The company is the most volatile company following the vaccine event, with a heavy weight of agent products, a large variety of potentials, and a good stock of pipelines for the future.
Nuclear vaccines, 23-priced pneumonia, double rabies, etc. are already in clinical trials, and we use the dcf model for future listings, which is valued at 24.6 billion (see our in-depth report of 8 January for the related measurements) and which will result in an 18-year target of $71.6 billion in market value for the company, corresponding to 35% of the available space.
The sale of the 3D seedlings was lower than expected; the sale of the Hpv vaccine was lower than expected; the industrial events affected the source of the financial boom in the East; the source of the financial boom in the East; and the source of the financial boom in the East.
Ji Fei Bian (300122): The annual report is expected to be slightly higher than expected, with a high-growth era beginning with the head of the pharmaceutical bioindustry team, three years of portfolio industry research experience, and three years of pharmaceutical industry work experience. The first team chief researcher in the crystal ball in 2016, the seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member in the crystal ball in 2015.
B.A. in Pharmacology, B.A. in Economics, Beijing University, and J.S.A. in three years. Former research assistant at the China Galaxy Stock Company Ltd. and the People's Democratic Stock Exchange. Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Xiamen University, formerly at Tianxili Pharmaceutical Group Ltd., December 2016.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.