Twissman report (300122) 4-price hpv appointments are over-expected, raise profit predictions strongly recommended (maintain)
According to data from 21 large and medium-sized cities on the vaccine reservation platform, Hpv has exceeded 360,000 by 3 January 2018. Hpv has been over-expected, and provincial tenders have been substantially completed and sales are expected.
Tens of thousands (3 doses per person in a year), which, if conservatively estimated, account for about half of the country’s estimated number of appointments, amounted to 720,000. The company, which had recently been preparing its bid campaign for the provinces, had not begun to promote it, and the reservation platform had not been supplied owing to concerns about short-term supply shortages.
To date, the company has completed 22 provincial tenders in the country, leaving only 4 to 5 NWT provinces, and is expected to complete them all by spring. In addition to the reservation platform, the company can also sell Hpv seedlings via the cdc system and the Year’s health channel.
In response to the over-expected appointment, we have raised the four-priced Hpv vaccine sales forecast, which is estimated to be around 6 million (two million people inoculated) for the year, contributing to a large base of nearly 60 people in need, with a sales curve expected to increase the growth rate as the supply rises, rather than increasing it.
Investors generally fear that the Hpv vaccine will reach its peak quickly in the short term and then begin to decline, which we think is not. This view is based on Giled's Hepatitis C marketing curve, with the Hpv vaccine completed.
Hepatitis C is not comparable. Hepatitis C is targeted at hepatitis C patients, the population is limited, chemicals are produced quickly and there are no supply bottlenecks in the short term, while the Hpv vaccine is targeted at a healthy population with a large base. According to our estimates, there are nearly 65 million women of appropriate age who can afford to pay, and the female student population in one of the first major markets.
More than 20 million, with a long Hpv vaccine production cycle, the supply will only increase steadily, and without chemicals, the capacity to expand rapidly in the short term to meet market demand. We therefore believe that the sales of Hpv will continue to follow the general vaccine sales curve, that is, gradually increasing penetration rates.
Wide evidence Helium-Wide Evidence Helium-Intelligent (300122)-Intense report-- powerful distribution networks superimplified with a variety of heavy-pound species, playing high-growth space - 2017.9.29
Several heavy-pound products in the pipeline continue to spur high growth, and research and development reserves are growing in the medium and long term, and broad evidence of long-term growth - vaccine theme reports - innovation in research and development stimulates industry to develop, and heavy-pound vaccines blow up 10 billion markets - 2017.0719.
In addition to the four-priced hpv vaccine for Agent Mercerton, the company also has a home-grown ac-hib vaccine, estimated at 6.7 million/8 million copies in 2018-2020, and a 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine for the 13 kings who have produced a global vaccine (with more than $6 billion in global sales).
It is expected to be on the market in about 2021; the proxy Mossatung five-priced vaccine has been put into trial in 2017 and 8 cutting-edge R & D projects have been set up under the Chongqing wisdom investment (10 per cent of the shares of listed companies) co-invested by the Division and major shareholders, including Chongqing precision organisms (car-t, monoclancer, oncology vaccine), and Jigong medicine.
High-end bio-innovation medicines such as Egfr mono-resistance, and Ji In-mei-Bo (uni-resistance) suggest that the company ' s awareness of research and development reserves is advanced and is expected to provide growth momentum for the company in the medium to long term.
The author of this report has the qualification of a securities investment consulting practice granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce the report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author’s research views. To the extent that the author is aware, the company has no interest in the securities evaluated or recommended.
In any case, the information in the report or the opinion expressed does not constitute an offer or request for a sale of the securities in question. In any case, our company does not provide any form of guarantee for any investment in any of the elements in this report.
In this context, as investors read this report, our company and its associated institutions may have held securities or options issued by the public authorities mentioned in the report and engaged in trading in securities or options, or may be providing or seeking to provide investment money to these companies.
The company’s associates or individuals may have used them independently from other sources prior to the publication of this report.