On August 26, China's Guangning published its semi-annual report, which achieved net profits in the first half of 2021 from the collection and deduction of electricity from the Internet.
Electricity on the Internet has grown steadily, prices have stabilized, and operations have been robust: in the first half of the year, the national electricity supply was 3.93 trillion kwh, an increase of 16.2% compared to the previous year, with high demand for electricity.
With the same increase in the number of nuclear power units connected to the Internet, 95.2 billion kwh, an increase of 5.40 per cent over the same period. 15.15 per cent, 14.19 per cent, 13.14 per cent, respectively, were added to Fujian, Guangxi and Liaoning in the first half of the year. The price of electricity connected to the Internet has remained constant compared to the same period last year.
In the future, the company will increase its capacity to repair the machines, and the increase in electricity on the Internet will contribute to a steady increase in performance. Steady progress will be made in the construction of the units, with 21.30 per cent of the total post-partum capacity increasing: the company currently manages 24 active units, 7 in construction units, and 8210 megawatts of installed capacity, all of which will be invested
After the operation, the total installed capacity will increase by 21.30%. The fastest-growing unit in the construction of the Red River 5 was commercialized on 31 July of this year. It will gradually contribute to online electricity from the second half of the year. Three additional units will be put into operation in the coming year, which will boost the growth of corporate revenue.
The increase in construction has led to a decline in the Māori rate and good cost controls: the company Māori rate was 37.14 per cent in the first half of the year, a decrease of 5.41 pct compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to the start of payments by some of the aircraft to the Spent Fuel Disposal Fund and an increase in the cost of nuclear power project construction by 28.11 per cent on a year-on-year basis.) Marketing costs: an increase of 82.35 per cent in the same year.
Mainly engineering company business expansion; 2) financial costs: 24.34 per cent decrease in the same year, project loan repayments and lower average interest rates; 3) administrative costs: relative robustness. Overall rate decrease: 3.37 pct. New units are operating at a slower pace than expected; nuclear power plant fleets increase and the wind becomes more difficult to operate safely
Risks; risk of exchange gains or losses arising from the holding of foreign currency debt. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment