China Guangker Click here to enter text. Net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $5.498 billion, net of non-recurring gain or loss attributable to shareholders in listed companies
The company is the country’s largest nuclear power developer, with a net profit of $5,432 million, largely in line with our expectations. We believe that China’s wide nuclear valuation levels continue to remain stable.
Based on the present value of the cash return, the future valuation level of the company depends on the rate of return and the rate of dividends generated by the present asset, which has not changed significantly at this point in time, the value of the company’s ability to operate is excellent, and the ability of the existing asset to generate cash flow will remain stable.
2019-01-21 issues a three-year interim bill for 1.5 billion yuan. The cash flow of assets depends mainly on the price of electricity, the cost of electricity generation, and the duration of major repairs. This year, the policy of fully charging the fleet in Guangdong Province has been renewed, and the company’s network prices in Guangdong will remain stable.
In the context of a basic balance between electricity supply and demand, and short-term rigidity, the electricity market prices in other provinces will also cover uranium for the relevant electricity generation, so that the company’s cost of generating electricity will remain stable for the foreseeable time.
The company’s future construction of nuclear power assets is expected to accelerate, potentially increasing shareholder returns. Nuclear power is a clean energy source, a base load, and the only energy source currently available to replace the base load of fire power supply.
The space for nuclear power plants is vast. According to the current nuclear power development and construction plans announced by the company, the company’s future circulation b/h units (in thousands) are about 2-3 units per year, which are expected to be higher than the rate of nuclear power development during the 13th Five-Year Plan.
The net return on assets is now around 11% in Hong Kong, China, and among the companies listed in a stock market, the company's profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company to double its net return in 2021-2023. Taking into account the importance of company nuclear power for our energy clean-up, the “recommended” rating is maintained.
1. The “recommended” rating is maintained for such factors as the importance of corporate nuclear power for the clean-up of our energy sources.
The company’s current market value still represents the present value of its future dividends, and we still believe that the current market value of China’s Hiroshima represents the present value of its future dividends, and that in future nuclear power construction, such as large-scale accelerations, investors will increase their approval of the company’s reinvestment. The company is putting in a post-construction unit (not including the nuclear power unit held by the major shareholders), combining the free cash flow of the report.
At about $30 billion, according to the current distribution of corporate dividends, about $10 billion is distributed annually, accounting for about 33% of the company’s free cash flow: the remaining $20 billion is retained for reinvesting in the company. We use free cash flow to calculate the company’s fair market value.
The Division’s profit distribution policy remains unchanged, i.e. a combined statement of annual corporate dividends of approximately 33 per cent of corporate free cash, resulting in lower prices per share of the company’s dividends, higher costs of corporate financing, and progress or low expectations in the construction of nuclear power projects.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, and the source of the boom in the East, the source of the outstanding valuation of the performance level in China (003816), the source of the financial boom in the East.
JUNDAND AND WATER ASSOCIATION, Abb, Led a team to prepare China Battery Industry Yearbook 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019: invited as Swedish green
Shen Yifan, Master of Arts, Cornell University, and Bachelor of Arts, New York University, served in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, and participated in it.
In July 2018, the Chinese People ' s University joined the Master ' s Degree in Economics, the Beijing University of Science and Technology in Material Sciences and Engineering, and in 2019 it joined the East Hing Portfolio, where it carried out research on electricity equipment and new energy industries, mainly in the direction of the new energy automobiles ' industrial chain.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Guangquan, China (003816), is operating at an excellent level of valuation and does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report on the objective and fairness of the content, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.