b. c subscribes to a two-wheel drive, which catalyses long-term events to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre: the company released its performance report for the third quarter of 2022, and the company achieved business revenue in the first three quarters of 2022
For $2.80 billion, an increase of 17.8 per cent in the same year; for $8.1 billion, a decrease of 4.1 per cent in the same year; for a single quarter, company q3 achieved a gain of $10.0 billion, an increase of 24.4 per cent in the same year; for $290 million, a decrease of 1.9 per cent in the same year; and for $250 million, an increase of 2.9 per cent in the same year.
Team members, the related rigid cost expenditure has increased considerably, causing short-term delays in profit performance. With the company slowing down in the second half of the year, the focus on increasing human effectiveness is expected to lead to a gradual release of subsequent profits. In sub-operations, 2022q3, the Department ' s subscriptions (individuals plus institutions) together achieved revenue of $70 million, an increase of 44.2 per cent over the same period.
Billion dollars, an increase of 32.3 per cent in the same year, provide a solid foundation for the release of follow-up performance. *C-end subscriptions are growing at a high rate, and the number of members rises at both arpu. The company q3 subscriptions achieves 510 million yuan, a 43 per cent increase in the same year.
Quarterly, the main product Mau amounted to 580 million, an increase of 10.9 per cent, while, as the distribution channels widened, shivering and Skycat platforms performed well, the number of end-of-end members continued to grow steadily, with a cumulative annual fee-paying individual user rate of 286,000, an increase of 30.5 per cent.
Usage is on the rise, with over 151.9 billion cloud files uploaded through the public cloud, an increase of 39.9 per cent compared to the previous year, which is expected to increase in the future as user cloud office habits develop, sticky, and members pay penetration rates.
By upgrading short-cycle members to long-cycle members and riceshell members to super-members, end-of-end arpu values are expected to rise. Billion dollars, 47% more than the same year.
The platform’s strong product power, which has been gaining ground in party politics, business-level service markets, and publicly owned cloud services markets, has led to the creation of 1838 new service providers in the first half of 2022, with the gradual establishment of a sticker effect. On August 4, the company launched a “digital office platform business version” for large and medium-sized enterprises, with a new low-code platform and api connection.
Millions of dollars, down 6% from the same year, are warmer than the average. Since 2022, the international situation has become more complex, and the digital economy has witnessed a wave of national production substitution: corporate products have moved in with various national productions, cpu, operating systems, etc.
In the long run, the company’s product penetration is expected to increase further, with the continued expansion and deepening of the business. As the company’s sole leader in national-owned office software, the company holds a good track, and will continue to benefit from the deepening of the letter and the growth of the innovation.
Gold Mountain Office (688111): Benefits such as subscription to high-growth input plus, cloudy co-location trends: At the same time, companies are building a richer matrix of cloud and collaborative office products to meet the digital transformation needs of the b-side industry.
Short-term rhythm disturbances do not change the long-term space Access is expected to grow rapidly and end-of-end subscription conversion rates have the potential to be explored, and subsequent growth is expected.
Gold Mountain Office (688111): excellent business indicators, Lil 4. Gold Mountain Office (688111): authorization + subscription double-wheel drive pending subsequent profit release (2021-08-27)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.