KIMshan Office (688111) Report on the third quarter of 2022 Report on the third quarter of Kimshan Office (6881.sh)
In the third quarter of 2022, the company focused on high-quality development, stabilizing its personnel structure and sustaining a return to its total equity share (millions of shares):
In the third quarter, the total subscription revenue was $699 million, an increase of 44.17 per cent, effectively offsetting the impact of domestic institutional mandates and the restructuring of Internet advertising, which led to steady growth in corporate performance.
The Division achieved net return profit of $293 million in the third quarter, a decrease of 1.91 per cent over the same period; two-subscription transitions were steadily advanced in the first three quarters, offsetting the impact of business adjustments such as the authorization of domestic institutions.
As the individual user base continues to grow, companies increase their personal product service experience, increase user activity and use stickyness, contribute to the long-term transformation of membership, and contribute to the steady growth of subscriptions to personal office services in the country.
The current revenue is $182 million, an increase of 47 per cent. As organizational-level users become more efficient, data management, research-Kingshan offices (6881.sh) increased demand in 2022 and a half, the company’s digital office platform system became more visible.
Annual Report Review: High Growth in Subscriptions, Active Establishments, Sustained Growth in Domestic Institutions ' Subscriptions and Services. 3) Granted by Domestic Institutions: Revenues of 225 million yuan, a 6% drop in the same year.
The gradual increase in penetration was partly offset by the high base of the previous year and the slow pace of development of the IT industry during the current period.
Reporting points: rapid growth in performance, introduction of a new phase of equity incentives Advertising promotion services and other operations: revenue of $79 million, a 4 per cent drop in the same year. Companies continue to optimize their user experience, and Internet advertising has been further shrunk.
The base is constantly rising. The number of monthly active equipment for the main product is 578 million as of 30 September 2022, an increase of 10.94% over the same period.
The monthly active equipment of the officepc version is 238 million, an increase of 15.53 per cent over the same period; the monthly active equipment of the mobile version is 336 million, an increase of 8.04 per cent over the same period; the monthly active equipment of other products is close to 5 million.
In the spring, there will be more room for companies to grow on a sustainable basis. The company’s 2022-2024 camp is projected to be twice as expensive.
The risk of repeated outbreaks of new coronary pneumonia; the risk of a lower-than-expected increase in the number of user fees; the risk of a lower-than-expected process of national substitution; and the risk of increased competition from other companies entering the office software market.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.