On October 14, the office announced the official release of the wps.
It is stated that the wps version is intended for users of party organs, and provides, on the basis of the wps professional version, support functions such as communication modes, correspondence templates, correspondence conversions, etc. The wps version has the advantage of including deep-compatible national production chips, and national production systems.
As the external environment changes, the start-up business is expected to warm quickly next year, giving a "buy-in" rating. Wps is directed to party organs, with a variety of features: wps has 19 text templates that can automatically be set up in accordance with the national logo; wps is available in Galaxy, and we need to be able to do so.
In addition, the product supports uof national standards, international standard file formats such as doc/docx/xls/xlsx/ppt/pptx.
The system’s national production replacement continues to progress at the government level, and the wps version and subsequent development of more products will further increase penetration in the government sector. External environmental uncertainty is pushing the industry back into rapid growth, and the industry is expected to recover fully next year:
In the context of the further upgrading of United States export controls, the reliable supply of key information infrastructure and applications in China, software and hardware, etc., has become an important safeguard for the healthy and stable development of the economy, thus raising the urgency of the development of the domestic credit industry; on the other hand, it has been a result of the treacherous pace of procurement by government and business enterprises.
The product mix is cyclical and seasonal, and is expected to be the starting point for the second phase between the fourth quarter and next year, with the end of the year entering a policy-intensive period, and the start-up business is expected to warm fast.
Accompanied by the broad strategic direction of “Cloud and Collaboration” and the important ecological position of the digital economy: the country is now making a major contribution to the development of the digital economy, and the transformation of the business “digitized plus cloud” is a major trend, adding to the epidemic.
The impact of institutional investors as a share of the flowa has been a significant increase in the coverage of the cloud office model. By leapping up, the company's digital office platform has been rapidly expanded, with 1838 new service provider clients added in the first half of the year, pushing the digital office platform to take over.
We believe that the company's strategy of “Cloud and Concord” has yielded positive results, with the company acting as office in the context of the larger trend of digital economic development.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.