With deep collaboration with the Hwang-mung system, the future of the IT operation is expected to move fast.
In recent days, the company and China have signed a memorandum of strategic cooperation, relying on their hardware and software capabilities, to cooperate in depth in the field of ecology. The company uses wps and other products under its flag to match 1+8+n, to enhance and improve the capacity of the product and to continue to promote the business of innovation, with a “buy-in” rating.
Deep integration is HONG-Ming's office ecology, which accelerates the completion of product appliance: the signing of this memorandum of understanding will bring together the two sides to explore more full-scale co-location solutions, and the company will be the only office software brand among the 14 strategic partners of HONG-Ming Eco.
Low-cost, faster-speed access to Hong Kong ecology, and the appliance of wps and under-country products to 1+8+n devices, including smart terminals such as pc, tablets, watches, etc., will provide office services to more successful end-users in the future.
Over the same period, with 113% growth and the rapid expansion of the Hong Meng Circle, the historical opportunity to build on the ever-deepening of the message, the future demand for office space from Hong Menon end-users is expected to continue to grow. External environmental uncertainty is pushing the start-up industry to accelerate, and the industry is expected to recover fully next year:
In the context of the further upgrading of United States export controls, the reliable supply of key information infrastructure and applications in China, software and hardware, etc., has become an important safeguard for the healthy and stable development of the economy, thus raising the urgency of the development of the domestic credit industry; on the other hand, it has been a result of the treacherous pace of procurement by government and business enterprises.
Four quarters and next year are expected to be the starting point for the second phase, with the product mix going into a policy-intensive period at the end, and the business is expected to warm fast.
The Internet advertising service, which adheres to the broad strategic orientation of “Cloud and Collaboration” and occupies the important ecological position of the digital economy: the country is currently in the middle of a digital economy.
A major push for the development of the digital economy has been the “digitization plus cloud” transformation of enterprises, which has been driven by the convergence of the epidemic, the share of institutional investors in the circulation of a share, which has led to a significant increase in the coverage of the cloud office model.
To achieve a rapid roll-out, 1838 new clients of service companies were added in the first half of the year, promoting a 51% increase in revenue from digital office platforms in the same year, and to provide a “cloud office” digital transformation solution for multi-terrestrial government agencies, major-renowned state-owned clients, and multi-industry-renowned private customers.
The strategy has yielded positive results, and in view of the trend towards digital economic development, the company is expected to develop significantly as a leader in office software.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.