3-quarter review 2022: Auto-controlled acceleration, 27 October 2022, Research Assistant Zhou Gao Dynasty
Events: Three-quarterly report from the Office of Kimshan in 2022, with q3 generating business income of $1.004 billion in 2022, compared with +24.35 per cent; net profit return to the mother of $293 million, compared with 1.91 per cent, expected by the Great Supermarket.
q3 personal office service subscriptions in the country generated revenue of $517 million, or +43 per cent. As of 2022, o3, the number of monthly living equipment for company products was 578 million, or +10.94 per cent, of which wps billion, or +8.04 per cent, grew at a much faster rate than equipment activity.
The company’s long-term strategy of long-term pay-as-you-go is being implemented as the number of users login and cloud services are becoming more active.
All right, we expect a steady growth in individual company subscriptions in the future.
In the operating system, the wps of Kimshan can achieve a basic national level of msoffice rotation. At the same time, there is a clear increase in the efficiency and security of the company’s offices from the center of the gold mountain cloud file, which is well settled in large corporations and financial institutions, and the center of the cloud file is focused on solving the cloud on the user’s file.
The business pains of all-round transitions, the ongoing experience of new business users in the “Cloud and Collaboration” domain on office digital platforms, the prospect of further growth in the cloudization process and penetration rates of clients, the revenue from domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations in q3 was 180 million yuan in 2022 (compared to 47 per cent in the same year), and the view was good.
We look forward to the growth of the corporate client market and the increase in the value of the Arpu in the company's Toyun file, under the control of the autonomous and controllable policies.
• A slow pace of party politics and an increase in revenue after a clear rhythm: 2022 q3 company’s domestic peak: b end market space.
High base, coupled with a lack of clarity about the pace of development of the IT-initiative industry this year, and the firm's positive "Golden Hill Office" (688111): mid-2022, the penetration rate of the repainted product is increasing with the needs of the client, and the entire domestic agency's authorized business is moving.
In the future, the market will expand significantly in policy-based markets, national production trends will be determined, reports will be assessed: short-term pressures, long-term expectations, demand gaps for government users, and the pace of progress in the production of party-based innovations is expected to be clear in policy beats.
The trend towards national production and cloud documentation has increased further, and we are still more optimistic about the long-term growth of corporate corporate mandates. We believe that companies, as home office software champions, this year's innovations, autonomous accelerations, etc.
The three major financial forecasting tables for the Kim San Office are now in place, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.