Maintenance of a high increase in subscriptions, which are expected to benefit from the continued growth of the IT community The growth of income in the single quarter and the increase in subscriptions continued to be high.
With 2,795 million yuan, an increase of 17.83 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, $1,004 million was earned in the third quarter alone and $517 million in subscriptions to personal office services in the country, an increase of 43 per cent over the same period. As the personal user base continues to grow, companies enhance their personal product service experience and enhance their user activity.
The continuous shift in membership attributes to the long-term and the steady growth of personal office service subscriptions in the country is facilitated by the availability and use of stickyness.
Domestic institutional subscriptions and services generated revenues of $182 million, a 47 per cent increase over the same period. As the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the group increases the efficiency of woven users, data management, information security, industry landscape applications, etc.
The 12-month high/minimum increase and the continuous increase in product penetration of the company ' s digital office platform system has led domestic institutions to continue to grow rapidly in booking and service operations.
Kimsan Office (688111) Individual subscriptions. Domestic agencies have authorized revenues of $225 million, a 6 per cent decrease over the same period. Corporate-based chemicals production continues to increase, and institutional sub-subscription is accelerating.
The gradual increase in penetration rates in line with client needs partially offset the performance impact of the high base of the previous year and the lack of clarity in the pace of industrial development in the current period, which led to the authorization of domestic institutions to operate the personal subscription business at the Office of Kim Shan (688111).
The company continues to optimize its user experience and further strategic contraction of its Internet advertising business.
The office in Kimshan (688111) is performing as expected, steadily developing, and the user base continues to rise, while the number of monthly active equipment for major products is increasing.
The number of monthly active devices was 578 million, an increase of 10.94%. Of these, the wpsofficepc version of the monthly active equipment was 238 million, an increase of 15.53%, and the mobile version of the monthly active equipment, which benefited from the rapid advance of the message, was expected to increase the company ' s performance.
We have a rapidly growing credit industry. Key core technologies are being developed from the core to national production substitution, and software and hardware are beginning to be scaled down in key sectors and domains such as party politics, finance, etc. Companies are focusing on the use of experience and sticky tips by credit users.
Increased capacity for continuous optimization of IT-based products, with multi-faceted advantages, documentation-based co-location, service-based, modular solutions, client support, and continued growth in subscriptions, which are expected to benefit from the continued advancement of IT-based initiatives
As the party’s political-initiative trend to sank, companies are actively engaged in business layout. Industry-initiated clients in the areas of finance, energy, and telecommunications, driven by policy orientation and industry demand, are increasingly demanding company-incorporated products.
The penetration of goods in the letter-making field continues to rise, promising to contribute to future growth in performance. The investment proposal is that the company is a leading home-grown business in office software, benefiting from high-growth dividends from the industry in the face of cloud-based office trends, and that the current fast-pacing of the letter-making process is expected to contribute to the growth of the company’s performance.
Maintenance of the high number of subscriptions, which are expected to benefit from the continued advancement of the IT community
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.