Two-way subscriptions to the high growth, the start-up business, and the company's third quarterly report, in 2022, generated $10.0 billion (+24.4 per cent) in three quarters, resulting in a net return to the mother.
The net gain of $290 million (-1.9 per cent) is $250 million (+2.9 per cent). The company’s two subscriptions are growing brightly. The company’s personal subscriptions are generating $520 million, a 43 per cent increase in the same year, mainly because of user activity and the increased use of stickyness, which leads to a long-term shift in membership.
By 30 September 2022, the number of monthly active equipment for the company's main product was 580 million, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same period, of which the wpsofficepc version was 240 million monthly active equipment, an increase of 15.5 per cent over the same period; the mobile version was 340 million monthly active equipment, an increase of 8.0 per cent over the same period.
With 180 million yuan, a 47% increase in the same year, driven mainly by an increase in the penetration rate of digital office platform products, the company has recently entered into a strategic partnership with China’s Samsung to speed up the deployment of multi-screen offices.
At present, $230 million is being collected, a decline of 6% from the same year. The impact of performance, such as the high base of the company’s positive product penetration, was partly offset by a rise in performance over the same period in the previous year, which led to a gradual revival of the domestic agency’s mandate.
On June 23, 2022, the State Department issued a "Guidance for Strengthening Digital Government Building" which states: "Accelerating the closing of critical core technologies for digital government-building, enhancing the application of safe and reliable technologies and products, and increasing ownership.
Control level.” The policy landings have further catalyzed the arrival of the industry traps. Recently, China's mobile campaign revealed a second batch of centralized purchases of pc servers from 2021 to 2022 (bills 7-9) which showed that the overall national production rate of the collection is over 60%.
Compatibility is expected to benefit the company further as the national production substitution process progresses. $5.29, pe 95x, 68x, and 52x, respectively. The company ' s two-subscription is growing brightly, and the message is again "Hinsan Office: High Growth in Substitution and Profitability "
Kim Shan Offices: Out of the Street Wars, the Bureau of Office Software is clear. The subscriptions have grown less than expected; the letter creation has not advanced as expected.
Computer: software development