At the bottom of the cycle, new demands were added, and the Probarian Dragon had a pre-emptive advantage.
• China ' s Great Stones: Deep Farming the Probity Industry, which builds the fibre-optic global dragon, is one of the world ' s largest producers of fibreglass. The company ' s products cover 11 products ranging from fibreglass products, thermal plastic products, high-performance composite fibres, etc., and achieves the full product from low to high-end.
The fibre optics industry is now at the bottom of history, but corporate business income has been stifling demand in 2024, focusing on the growth of emerging demand and on the improvement of supply margins. The fibres are widely used as an inorganic, non-metal material with excellent performances in construction materials, transport, electricity.
In the area of transport, the development of orbital transport and new energy vehicles has provided additional amounts for the use of fibres in transport. In the area of electronics, the consumption of electronic State supplementation policies combined with the power of the ai side drive electricity.
Moreover, the rapid development of wind power and photovoltaics has provided vast space for the use of fibres in energy environment conservation. Overall, despite the erosion of traditional demand, the growth of new demand and the improvement of supply-side margins have provided strong support for the future development of the fibre-optics sector.
In the context of the time when the cost was king, China’s Great Stone combined competitiveness was shaped by four major advantages, namely, production capacity, cost, product structure, and globalization, which consolidated its integrated competitiveness in the fibre-optic industry.
In terms of product structure, companies continue to push for a high-end transformation and increase the share of high-value-added products. In addition, the Division ' s globalization operations are well structured, with sufficient overseas production capacity, multiple overseas production bases and well-developed distribution networks.
These advantages not only enhance the competitiveness of firms’ markets, but also provide a solid basis for their continued expansion in global markets. They can climb the slopes below the expected risks.
1. China ' s Great Stones: Deep Farming the Probity Industry, Global Dragons in the Probity Industry 1.1, Global Leader in the Probity Industry 1.1, Full Product Coverage, Deep Farming the Probity Industry, which has become a domestic and global leader. China ' s Probing Stone Front can be traced back to Zhejiang and Yangtze Town as early as possible.
A small-scale collective enterprise called the Ishimontung Windmill Factory, which in 1993 formally established the Kikutami Great Stoneglass Fibres and Co. Ltd., which produced 8,000 tons of alkaline in 1994 and landed on the market in 1999. After more than 30 years of development, the company has grown into a leading company in the country's fibre-optic industry, and so on.
One of the world’s largest producers of fibreglasses is the company’s deep cultivation of the fibre-optics industry, which continues to expand the fabric, which is rich in products. The company’s fabric is divided into 11 products, namely, fibreglass products, and fibreglass products.
Thermoplastic plastics use fibreglass products, high-performance composite fibres, continuous-style fibreglass products, modulated fibreglass products, modulated fibreglass products, piping fibreglass products, platinum platinum platinum products, platinum fibre products, other fibreglass products, electronic fabric products and fine veil products, reaching levels ranging from low to high.
And the full-scale coverage of the various applications.
Plumbing with fibreglass products, fabric fibre products, other fibreglass products
Electronic fabric products, gauze products, are controlled by the Chinese Construction Materials Group, which is owned by the company. As of February 21, 2025, the company's top three shareholdings.
The share ratio was 29.22 per cent, 16.68 per cent and 12.07 per cent, respectively, for China Construction Materials, Inc., Ltd., and China Building Materials, Ltd., respectively, which were physically controlled by the company and through the State Council.
In 2024q1-q3, the company achieved operating income of $11.63 billion, or +1.81 per cent, or more than 90 per cent. In 2022, the company received only 83.5 per cent of its fibre optics and products, as a result of a gradual reduction in the platinum content of the leakboard and the idleness of some powder or alloys as a result of the upgrading of the company's precious metal leaking technology process.
In 2023, the company recovered to the level of 97.0% of its fibres and products. Figure 8: R & D expenditure as a percentage of operating income increased (billion yuan)
Figure 9: Falling cost rates during the period
The fibres are an insulation, heat-resistant, corrosive, mechanically strong, and their main components are silicon dioxide, aluminium oxide, calcium oxide, bauxite oxide, magnesium oxide, sodium oxide, and sodium oxide.
The diameter ranges from a few microns to twenty microns, equivalent to 1/20-1/5 of a hairwire, each of which consists of hundreds or even thousands of single wires. The fibreglass is usually used as booster material in composites, electrical insulation material and thermal insulation materials, circuit-based panels and other areas of the national economy, which are new to the national economy, with a national focus on encouraging development.
Depending on the alkali content of the glass, the fibres can be divided into non-alkali fibres, medium-alkali fibres, and high-alkali fibres, which account for more than 95% of the industry’s output. The fibres can be divided into rough fibres, primary fibres, intermediate fibres, advanced fibres, and ultra-fine fibres by single-wire diameter.
The fibres are classified by fibre appearance, with successive fibres, fixed fibres, and glass cotton. The fibres are more dynamic with upstream and downstream connections. Upstream, the fibres are mainly related to raw material ores such as leaves, gravel, limestone, white clouds, stone, stone, pure alkali, etc., chemical products such as pure alkaline, and phase.
Energy and other industries: Probity production and composite material processing enterprises in the middle of the fabric: Rebolith downstream demand, mainly construction materials, transport, electronics, etc., with a variety of needs, a wide range of applications and a wide range of needs with nationals 2.2, and a reduced traditional but rapidly growing demand.
Capital + building materials, delivery and electronics are relatively heavy. Globally, the main areas of fibre optic applications are concentrated in infrastructure and construction materials, transport, electrical and electronics, industrial equipment, energy conservation, accounting for 35%, 29%, 14%, 12%, 10%, respectively. Our fibre optic applications are similar to the global ones and are also concentrated in construction.
In the areas of materials construction, transport, electrical and electronics, industrial equipment, wind power, 34%, 16%, 21%, 15%, 14%, etc., there is much room for improvement in the use of fibreglass in transport compared to the global demand structure.
Figure 12: Larger construction and delivery in global fibre demand structures
Transport, in particular, is widely used in the areas of wind blades, automobiles, orbital traffic, electronic communications, household appliances, industrial tubes, building materials, aerospace and other areas.
2.2.1 Construction materials: Capital investment has been growing steadily, and the demand for building materials has been so low that the demand for building materials has been stagnated by the decline in the demand for building materials.
At the same time, new construction, completion and sales of houses were on a downward trend from the same year to the same year in 2024, which to some extent contributed to the decline in the number of new constructions, constructions and sales of houses, including the fibre optics.
2.2.2 Transport: investment in rail transport has been growing at a moderate rate, and new energy vehicles have been developed to provide additional features in high-car hoods, batteries, doors, window frames, instrumentation frames, fibreglass enhancement polyurethane (PUR) Transport has been growing rapidly, as in the case of subways, with a total mileage of 9042.3 km in 2023 for light-track lines in our cities, corresponding to 7.03 per cent in the same year.
In the case of cars, the rapid development of new energy vehicles provides additional amounts. The fibres are widely used in front-end modules, engine masks, decorative components, new energy vehicle battery protection boxes, composite springs, etc., with high intensity, light quantification, modularization, low cost, etc. The auto industry in the country has been growing steadily, but the new energy cars have been outnumbered.
In a sudden rise in penetration rates, new growth points have been created for fibre-optic applications. Figure 18: A steady increase in the volume of automobile sales in our country. Figure 19: The volume of new energy automobile sales in our country is still at a fast-growing stage.
2.2.3 Electronics: Consumer state collage plus aai side power, demand continues to be good. State supplementation of +ai terminal release drives downstream demand.
According to idc data, 2024.4 smartphones in our country reach 76.4 million, compared to 3.90%, ring to 11.05%, and the mobile phone sector is recovering. At the same time, taking into account recent trends in consumer electronic state supplementation and end-of-ai side release, we believe that the consumer electronics industry is on track.
A new recovery is expected, leading to higher demand for electronic-grade fibres. 2.2.4. Energy environment: wind and light voltage are still significant. Wind power is expected to continue to grow at a moderate rate in 2025.
The foliage is the most basic and critical component of a wind generator, which plays a vital role in the efficiency and safety of the wind engine. The glass fibres have good strength and resistance to fatigue, which can increase the foliage resistance, increase its useful life and reduce the weight of the foliage.
The total number of wind and electrical installed in the country will reach 63,068 kW a year, compared to +21.1%. In light voltage, it is expected that the additional installed machines will continue to grow at a moderate rate in 2025.
The performances of decomposition, aging, corrosion and salt fog, high temperature, high back pressure carrying capacity not only extend the useful life of photovoltaic components, but also reduce the efficiency of photovoltaic component manufacturers, which are gradually replacing traditional metal border materials. According to Bloomberg Finance, it is expected that the number of additional light volts installed in the country will reach 273gw in 2025.
In 2025, our total number of photovoltaics will reach 1,160gw. year-on-year +30.8 per cent.
2.3.1. Competition patterns: The global fibre-optic industry has a preponderant monopoly, with Chinese firms having a stronger overall competitive advantage, a high concentration of global and Chinese fibre-optic industries and a largely oligopolistic pattern. Since 2000, China has been at a rapid stage of development and growing production.
The oligopoly pattern is basically in shape after reaching a higher level. According to the annual report of China ' s Great Stone 2023, China ' s six major fibre-optic production companies, Giant Stone, Tarzan Glass Fibres Ltd., Chongqing International Complex Materials Co. Ltd., Owensconin (oc), Japan Electric Nitrogen (neg) and Shandong Fibres Co. Ltd., United States
At the same time, the production capacity of the country’s fibre-optic industry is moderately higher, with the three largest producers accounting for about 70 per cent of the country’s production capacity. Figure 24: Global production capacity of the fibre-optic industry is about 70 per cent.
Figure 25: The concentration of production in China’s fibre-optic industry cr3 is about 70% of China’s fibre-optic enterprises vs. Foreign-based firms have an advantage in production capacity I. According to the international inventory statement, neg, Shandong fibres, jm7 companies together produce 72% of global production capacity, and domestic firms produce 72% of global production.
China’s giant stones, Tarzan fibres, and international recovered fibres together account for 44% of global production, and domestic firms have already outperformed foreign firms. At the same time, considering that domestic firms have been expanding their production capacity in recent years, according to data from China’s fibreglass industry association, as of 2024, the country’s total production of fibre-glass veils had been reduced to about 40% of the world’s production capacity.
The ability to scale supply is stronger and the unit cost advantage is more significant. China’s bobs vs have a second advantage: a production and sales advantage. First, from the point of view of production.
In 2024, China produced 7.38 million tons of fibre-optics. According to the Institute of Foresight Industries, using data from China's fibreglass industry association, the global demand for fibre-optics in 2022 was about 12 million tons. Given that global fibre consumption in 2024 was lower than in 2022, it is conservatively estimated that China's fibre supply exceeded global demand in 2023.
Second, according to data on imports and exports, China ' s imports of fibre optics in 2024 amounted to only 10.78 million tons, while exports reached 21.19 million tons, further illustrating China ' s stronger global market competitiveness. Figure 27: China ' s fibreglass production in 2024, 7.38 million tons
Figure 28: Global fibre demand in 2022 is about 12 million tons of Chinese fibre-optics vs. Foreign fibres have three advantages: technological advantage. First, the fibreglass industry is a classic high-capital input industry, using the cove, for example, and according to the data from the International Reciprocal Stock Exchange, per million fibres.
Vi needs a capital investment of about 100 million yuan, and the higher the production capacity of the single line, the less marginal the marginal effect of the capital investment. According to such data as Wu Yongqun, China’s fibre-optic technology development review and outlook, the production capacity of a single production line is 10-15 million tons, and the production capacity of a single production line of a single production line of a single European-American fibre-optic enterprise is reduced.
At the same time, China’s fibre-optic enterprises have greater advantages in terms of melting rates, combustion patterns, automation levels, and per capita productivity, so it can be assumed that China’s fibre-optic enterprises have better technology than foreign firms.
2.3.2. Domestic supply: China’s fibre-optic enterprises have more productive capacity, but overall production growth is manageable, and growth in China’s fibre-optic capacity has slowed at a reasonable level. According to data from Cheuk-Chul, China’s total production capacity in 2024 was 8.54 million tons, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period, compared with an increase of 14.7 per cent in 2015-2024.
Four hundred thousand tons, indicating that overall output growth in the industry can be controlled over the next two years, without the emergence of large idle capacity and excessive prices, the price of 2024q2 domestic fibres will begin to rise and be largely stable. According to the Treasure Consulting, as of 2025.2.21, up to 1,200, 2400tex, 2400tex, 2400tex, epoxy, etc.
After reviewing the domestic price of 2024 fibres, 2024q1, which is low, and following successive price announcements by Chinese giants such as Stones and Shandong Fibres, the entire price of the fibres industry has been on the upswing. Looking ahead to the subsequent price of the fibres, China is now huge.
The price increases have been announced by Stone and Shandong Bo fibres, which are expected to be followed by other firms. Inventory: the country’s high stock in the bovine industry is expected to fall in a new round. According to the end of the month, the decomposition of this round of stocks coincides with the price increases issued by the bovine companies, and is therefore largely the same as the increase in prices.
In view of the logic of subliminal stock-upping, which would lead to the stock-taking of the company, we believe that, in the context of the gradual warming of the industry’s demand, as more and more companies announce higher prices, they are expected to further drive the demand for reasonable stock-up from downstream customers, and the stock of the industry is expected to undergo a new process of degeneration.
3 - The cost is the king's age, and the four main advantages were shaped by China's integrated stone competitiveness 3.1. Strength one: sufficient production and sales power, domestic production and sales power, and domestic production and sales. By the end of 2024, according to creative data, China was a leader.
There are currently about 30 companies with a combined capacity of about 854,000 tonnes/year, of which 2,655,000 tonnes/year are produced, representing about 31% of the total, with a significant output advantage. In terms of volume of production, the company’s output from 2020 to 2023 is stable year by year, figure 35: The company’s output of fibre and its products is a national leader (tonnes)
Figure 36: Company fibres and sales of their products lead the country (tonne tons) 3.2. Sufficiencies two: significant cost advantages, combined profitability leading the country, with a major production base of marbles rich in resources. The raw materials required for production of fibres and their products are mainly frail stones,
The company’s main production base is located in the town of Kiyochi, Zhejiang province, adjacent to the Yeh-shik resource, and its next production base is the Kojiang production base.
Near Zhejiang and Fujian are well-positioned. On the one hand, the company obtains foliage from the mines around the production base and, on the other hand, purchases and transport costs are much less expensive through long-term purchase agreements with major suppliers.
The company has a strong bargaining power over other suppliers of materials and adheres to the principle of “annual bidding, open tendering” through competitive negotiations, multi-ratio and long-term agreements.
Overseas production uses mainly local raw materials and adjusts the ratio according to supply and demand. On the energy side, corporate natural gas relies mainly on pipeline-carried western gas and gas, while purchasing other sources of gas from the market, and overall, there is a higher level of guaranteed procurement of the company’s main original fuel.
The annual reports of companies reveal an upward trend in the cost of fibres and their products, from 2020 to 2023. The most significant change was in international recovered materials, from 3706 to 5429 tons. In contrast to other companies, China’s compost fibres and products cost the lowest in all years and their cost per unit.
The trend has been slower, rising from $3569/t to $3980/t, indicating that China’s giant stones cost is well controlled, has an advantage of scale and has a stronger control capacity. By 2023, the company had 19 fibreglass veils and 4 electronic fabric lines, with a corresponding capacity of 24.16 million tons/year and 960 million metres/year, respectively, which is the largest in the world.
In addition, data on the capacity utilization of companies are available, and China’s huge rock output rose from 92.15 per cent to 107.72 per cent in 2020 to 2022 per cent in 2023, with a small amount of power being used effectively. On the whole, this shows that the production cost per unit of a company is better than that of a comparable company, with cost control capabilities.
Figure 38: China’s Great Stone Energy Use Rate is low, and even with the overall decline in the industry, China’s Big Stone Māori ratio is still higher than that of three other enterprises, in addition to the Changhai shares, at 27.57%. This suggests that China’s Big Stone costs are well controlled, more profitable and more productive.
3.3. Strength three: product structure advantages, high-end transformation continues to drive up the product transformation and the proportion of high-end products is rising. The company’s main product is non-alkali fibreglass and its products, which are rich in product variety, and whether there are alkaline fibres with no coarse veil, short-cut silk, continuous silk, knitting and knitting.
The areas of product applications are wide-ranging in the form of composite beads, short cuts, thermoplastic veils, wind and electronic veils. According to company announcements, the company now accounts for about 20% of the construction infrastructure of its product structure, 80% of other products, and the company’s fully-owned company, Giant Stone Group Huaan Ltd., plans to invest in the construction of 100,000 tons of annual electronic-grade fibreglass zero carbon.
The wind veil technology is superior to that of its peers. The company ' s autonomous development of e9-high and high-mode wind fibres, with a 100-gpa modulus, has significantly enhanced the performance and life of wind power equipment by meeting the need for large and lightly quantified wind blades.
With the growing size of wind-loading machines, the relative cost of foliage has increased in the context of the trend towards wind-power megapolymization, and the demand for wind-shares, the main raw material for leaves, has increased significantly, with companies now accounting for about 20 per cent of wind-jam products, which are expected to continue to increase in the future, driven by demand.
3.4. Strength four: Globalize the organization of operations, with sufficient and more profitable foreign production capacity in Egypt and the United States. According to company announcements, the company currently has two offshore bases, Egypt and the United States, respectively. The company Egypt owns four unalkali-free fibre-glass veils, with a combined capacity of 320,000 tons.
In the United States, there is a non-alkali fibre-share production line with a capacity of 96,000 tons. At the same time, the company owns 12 corporate divisions abroad and an overseas dealer.
In 2023, companies accounted for a larger share of foreign business income and a greater combination of profitability. The share of foreign business income was in the form of fibres and products: the company’s fibres and products were divided into two main types of products: the bra and the electronic veil. With regard to the bra, the overall stock of the industry is still in the middle, but given the stronger demand for downstream wind power, exports, etc.
We expect that the company will continue to grow in 2024-2026. With regard to the electronic veil, which is mainly in the consumer electronics, automobiles, home appliances, etc., we believe that the electronic veil industry is expected to rise in volume terms with the introduction of consumer electronic state supplementation and the introduction of subsidies for automobiles. We expect the company's fibres to rise in 2024-2026.
II. OTHER PRINCIPAL BUSINESS: Other major companies account for a smaller share of the total income, which we believe is the backbone of the country’s fibre-optic industry, which has a well-structured product class and a leading cost-consumption industry. We believe that the current fibre-optic industry has reached the lower end of the cycle, and that it has followed up with the initiative of firms within the industry to increase prices.
For the year, the company realized a net profit of 2.17 billion yuan, 2.89 billion yuan and 3.40 billion yuan, with a current share price of 22.0 per cent and 21.5, 41.2 per cent and 18.4 per cent respectively, and China ' s Great Stone Pe is below the average of comparable companies. For the pb, I am 1.6 times.
The average pb is 1.4, 1.3, 1.3, and the company pb is slightly higher than the comparable average. Given that the size of the company is a national leader, the build-up of new capacity for release requires a climber cycle, pb above the comparable average has a certain justification.
Downstream demand is not as good as expected. Downstream demand in the fibre-optics sector is still low, and if the recovery is slow, it will also affect lower-than-expected warming and growth in the performance of fibre-optic firms.
It is still below the average price of the industry’s pre-existing water level, and businesses want to continue raising the price of the fabric to a reasonable level in the industry. If downstream customers do not accept the price upswing, which leads to the expected price increase, it will further affect the company’s profit release.
The industry as a whole is now at a relatively high level of supply, such as if the firms concerned continue to grow their production capacity, or if they cause excess supply and lower prices, thereby affecting the release of corporate profits. Corporate output is at less risk than expected.
Jang's growth rate slowed down, but if the additional output were to climb slowly, it would result in higher depreciation for the company, which in turn would affect profits