In the context of supply restructuring, performance growth is at a steady pace, with a steady increase in the size of Paulie sales in 2021, maintaining a leading position in the industry, with 17 cities selling more than 10 billion dollars, with a significant impact on deep-farming.
The Division, while maintaining financial soundness and healthy cash flow, will have access to a large number of low-cost, high-quality land, which will facilitate the restoration of future profitability. First, the industry has a strong leader and multi-occupational boost performance increases.
In 2021, Paulie achieved sales of $534.93 billion, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s combined sales in the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle exceeded 2,800 for two reasons: first, to stick to investment.
Second, real estate eco-business continues to expand. Paulie's eco-business includes property, commerce, liquor pipes, long-lease apartments and real estate finance.
Second, active replenishment of low-cost, high-quality resources and robust profitability, with gross corporate profits at a generally declining rate of profit in the industry.
In the intense competition of the concentrated areas, the firm keeps its investment steady, doesn't keep up, doesn't lose sight of the rain rainvxv (microsign)
From now on, as the second and third batches fell in heat and the market returned to rationality, investment was rapidly stepped up to capture low premiums in cities like Guangzhou, Nanjing, Xiamen, Kang Xiaogang, etc.
The average annual take-home price was $6821 per square metre, a decrease of 8 per cent in the same year.The company ' s cash flow remained healthy, with a return of $502 billion for the year, with a return rate of 93.8 per cent and a net operating cash flow for four consecutive years.
The average advantage of the current year’s corporate debt is $8.69 billion and $10 billion in medium-term bills. Companies are pursuing growth in size while maintaining a healthy financial structure.
In 2021, Paulie’s sales grew steadily, maintaining a leader in the industry, with 17 cities selling more than 10 billion dollars, with a significant impact on deep farming. At the same time, companies, while remaining financially sound and cash-flowing healthy, have access to a large amount of low-cost, high-quality land, which will contribute to the restoration of future profitability.
In 2021, Paulie achieved sales of $534.93 billion, an increase of 6.4 per cent, and a sales area of 33.33 million square metres, a decrease of 2.2 per cent in comparison with the previous year, in which companies contributed 78 per cent of sales in the 38 core cities and the marketing structure remained stable.
Two more than in 2020, with a combined sales value of over $340 billion. Of these, Guangzhou and Fuoshan together achieved sales of over $92 billion, Hangzhou made the first breakthrough of $30 billion, Nanjing and Beijing exceeded $20 billion, and other cities such as East China, Shanghai, Zhengzhou and Wuhan have more than $10 billion, and enterprises have a significant impact in deep-deeping.
At the same time that sales have continued to rise at a higher scale, the company carried-over revenue has also grown, reaching $28.5 billion in 2021, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period, net profits of $37.190 billion, a decrease of 7.1 per cent over the same period, and net profit returns of $27.390 billion over the same period, a decrease of 5.4 per cent, mainly due to a decline in profits on carry-over projects.
The company adheres to its “core city + urban cluster” deep-farming strategy, focusing on high-quality areas where warehouse sales contribute, and the expansion of new capital. Paulie’s ecological operations include property, commerce, liquor pipes, long-lease apartments, and real estate finance, of which the industry has 470 million square metres of tubes, 660 million square metres of contracts and 24.28 million contract management projects.
Pingmei, which contributed 10.78 billion yuan in operating income throughout the year, increased by 34.2 per cent compared with 34.2 per cent. Paulie's open shopping malls have 350,000 square metres. There are 20 hotels, convention centres, and nearly 5,000 guest houses. In addition, Paulie maintains a renewal of the rental market, with 43 long-lease apartments in the camp, covering the core cities of Shanghai, Guangzhou, Hangzhou and Chengdu.
In summary, as a leading housing company, Paulie has shown a solid growth momentum, and investments have focused on the core cities, keeping the regional markets under cultivation, and keeping the marketing structure stable. There is also a steady improvement in real-estate industry, property, hotels, and leasing.
The layout of housing and finance helps companies to develop multi-operability and enhance their resilience to risks in the development of their enterprises. Second, active replenishment of low-cost, high-quality resources and robust profitability.
The company’s profitability will be gradually repaired, mainly because, at a time when the land market is low, Paulie has been active in refilling low-priced and high-quality plots. We know that in 2021, 22 cities introduced centralized land supply measures, the pace of supply in the land market changed, and in the fierce competition for the first concentration, companies kept their investment firm and did not follow up, did not do so blindly, and the heat of the second and third batch fell.
As markets return to rationality, they rapidly increase their investment in low-priced plots in cities like Guangzhou, Nanjing, Xiamen, etc., with an average annual take-home price of $6821 per square metre, a decline of 8% compared to the previous year. Based on the growth in the size of the company, the costs of management and sales are also higher than the same, but it is not clear about net profitability.
A significant erosion, with a management cost of 1.9 per cent and a sales cost of 2.6 per cent, and a financial cost rate of 2.0 per cent (interest expenditure/business income) at a lower overall level. Therefore, we believe that the gradual introduction of low-value items into the market after the company’s high-value projects have been phased out will help to strengthen the profitability of the company.
iii. 31bp drops in the cost of financing, the financial structure remains healthy, the company maintains a healthy cash flow of $502 billion a year, a return rate of 93.8%, and a net operating cash flow for four consecutive years.
According to $10 billion, the average financing cost was 4.46 per cent, a decrease of 31bp compared to 2020, maintaining an in-house leader. For real estate developers, external financing is one of the core production resources, cheap finance helps to reduce interest spending on businesses, and companies pursue growth in size while maintaining healthy financial structures. By the end of 2021, the indicators were consistent with “III.”
Land reserves as area to be developed Ratio of investments = new land investments/sales Financial costs = loan interest expenditure / operating income
Consistency ratio = total land reserve/sale area roe = net profit/net asset average roa = net profit/total asset average
Inventory turnover = operating costs/average inventory
For reasons of time and calibre, the content referred to in this report may differ from the actual situation of the enterprise, and the HMK can change at any time and without special notice.
The purpose of this report is to provide an impartial and objective response to business operations. In any event, the information in this report or the views expressed in it do not constitute any recommendation to any institution or individual.
This report is owned by a billion-Han think tank.