The sound performance of the company, the financial soundness of its background and its excellent investment capacity are mutually reinforcing, maintaining a more active investment attitude during the industry ' s low-income period, expanding to high-energy cities, and anticipating companies.
Performance has tended to increase steadily. Overall performance has been in line with market expectations, and the pressure on the Māori rate and the decline in returns on investment have slowed profit performance: companies affected by the settlement structure have experienced a small decline in the area of completion (4.71 million of the area completed, compared with -2.28 per cent)
In this case, the realization of settlement income was equal to +33.74 per cent; the cost for the period 01 was 8.8 per cent, a decrease of 4.32 million per year, a decrease of 5.8 per cent, which was partially supported by year-round settlement income, and a degree of public pressure on the overall Māori rate of the hedge industry to maintain stability in corporate performance.
The industry is still at the bottom, and corporate sales are falling, but they are better than their counterparts: during the quarter, the company made a contract under the mud, and the value was highlighted, according to Creary statistics, in 2022, q1, the 100-Power housing stock as a whole was 47% lower than the same sales.
The industry has been relatively active, the overall sales level has remained stable and the soil storage structure has continued to be optimized: 34.1 billion yuan, or 24.7 per cent, of which 38 core cities have reached close to 90 per cent. New start-ups, though down, have been of sufficient value for sale: 6.07 million square metres of new work in the company during the first quarter of the year.
All sides, equal to 18.2 per cent, are expected to adjust the pace of start-up to market conditions and to replenish it in a timely manner, with an area of 6.98 million square metres to be developed and sufficient land reserves.The company has significant financial advantages and maintains its green line and returns are better: it continues to optimize its debt structure.
Pang Yunjiao kept the green line, and during the reporting period the company achieved a cash return of $83.2 billion, with a 92% return rate, compared to +8 pct. Profit forecasting and investment proposal: we maintain a net return of $29.31.4 billion to the company in 22/23.
Risk factors: over-expected tightening of real estate sector policies, continued over-expanding of industry credit risk, under-reconciled settlement income, etc.