PhillipCapital
華潤三九(000999.CH)
外延擴張將帶動新增長點
醫藥| 公司研報
投資總結
增持 (首次)
華潤三九系國內 OTC 領域龍頭，具備一定的品牌議價能力，未來將通過提供更豐
(現價截至 5 月 15 日)
富的產品，進行適度的提價並提升品牌定位。同時，公司產品結構調整順利，處方藥
目標價: CNY 35.38 (+19.1%)
占比持續提升，中藥配方顆粒、血塞通軟膠囊等具有較好發展前景。憑藉強大的管道
和終端資源，公司與賽諾菲的合作還將爲公司帶來新增長點，未來于大健康領域的並
公司資料
普通股股東 (百萬股):
元人民幣,首予“增持”評級。(現價截至5月15日)
市値 (人民幣百萬元):
29,083
52 周 最高價/最低價 (人民幣元):
29.88/21.67
Historical P/E Valuation
主要股東,%
華潤醫藥控股有限公司:
股價表現， %
Source: Bloomberg, Phillip Securities (HK) Research
Peer Comparison
Source: Phillip Securities (HK) Research
首季業績受惠於外延並購
公司 2017 年首季分別實現營收、歸母淨利潤 24.6 元、3.7 億元，同比增長 15.2、
Source: Company reports, Phillip Securities Est.
20%, 對應每股收益 0.38 元,符合預期。
研究分析員
範國和
首季業績明顯好於 2016 年的負增長，主要得益於聖火藥業 2016 年 9 月開始納入
(+86 21 51699400-110)
合併報表,此外,公司配方顆粒、OTC 等原有業務穩健增長。而且,公司費用控制有
效,銷售費用率和管理費用率分別爲 35.9%和 6.9%,相比去年分別下降 0.6 及 2.9 個百
分點，亦提升了業績表現。整體上，公司盈利能力維持穩定，毛率及淨率分別維持於
62%及 15%左右。
外延擴張將帶動新增長點
2016 年公司完成對昆明聖火藥業 100%股權的收購,該公司集中於心腦血管
藥物,主要產品包括血塞通軟膠囊和黃藤素軟膠囊,與公司參附注射液注射液
等形成互補。尤值一提的是,其主要產品“理洫王”血塞通軟膠囊進入了 2017 版
醫保目錄，未來銷售擴張有望提速。
公司還與賽諾菲簽署了《在中國合作開展消費者保健業務框架協議》,共
同開拓中國健康消費品市場，在中國成立一家專注於兒科及婦科非處方產品的
合資企業。同時,公司也已代理銷售賽諾菲的產品,已自 1 月開始爲賽諾菲全
球排名前列的護肝產品易善複做全管道代理，未來還將逐步引入其全球 OTC 品
種。我們相信，賽諾菲的兒童藥品牌“好娃娃”、婦科藥品牌“康婦特”及肝臟藥
“易善複”將和公司的 OTC 產品和管道形成良好補充,將爲公司帶來新增長點。
中藥配方顆粒業務將快速增長
目前國內中藥配方顆粒只占中藥飲片 5.1%,遠遠落後於亞太其他地區,再
考慮其使用範圍將拓展至二級醫院及基層醫院等,其未來發展空間廣闊。目
前,華潤三九市場份額約 14%,佔據市場第二位,可生產約 640 種單味配方顆
粒劑品種，具備一定的競爭優勢。公司還將以智慧化中藥房爲依託，積極推廣
銷售配方顆粒,我們預期該業務將維持二成以上增速,爲處方藥主要成長動力
之一。
Source: Phillip Securities (HK) Research
並購整合進度不及預期;
中藥注射劑業務持續下滑。
財務報告
Source: Company, Phillip Securities (HK) Research Estimates
(財務資料截至5月15日)
華潤三九（000999 CH）
公司研報
PHILLIP RESEARCH STOCK SELECTION SYSTEMS
We do not base our recommendations entirely on the above quantitative return bands. We consider qualitative factors like (but not limited to) a
stock's risk reward profile, market sentiment, recent rate of share price appreciation, presence or absence of stock price catalysts, and speculative
undertones surrounding the stock, before making our final recommendation
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
This publication is prepared by Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd ("Phillip Securities"). By receiving or reading this publication, you agree to be bound by the terms and
limitations set out below.
This publication shall not be reproduced in whole or in part, distributed or published by you for any purpose. Phillip Securities shall not be liable for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this publication.
The information contained in this publication has been obtained from public sources which Phillip Securities has no reason to believe are unreliable and any analysis,
forecasts, projections, expectations and opinions (collectively the "Research") contained in this publication are based on such information and are expressions of belief
only. Phillip Securities has not verified this information and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made that such information or Research is accurate,
complete or verified or should be relied upon as such. Any such information or Research contained in this publication is subject to change, and Phillip Securities shall not
have any responsibility to maintain the information or Research made available or to supply any corrections, updates or releases in connection therewith. In no event will
Phillip Securities be liable for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred from the use of the information or Research made
available, even if it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Any opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, valuations and prices contained in this material are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time
without prior notice.
This material is intended for general circulation only and does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. The products mentioned in this material may not be suitable for all investors and a person receiving or reading this material should seek advice from a
financial adviser regarding the suitability of such products, taking into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of that person,
before making a commitment to invest in any of such products.
This publication should not be relied upon as authoritative without further being subject to the recipient's own independent verification and exercise of judgment. The
fact that this publication has been made available constitutes neither a recommendation to enter into a particular transaction nor a representation that any product
described in this material is suitable or appropriate for the recipient. Recipients should be aware that many of the products which may be described in this publication
involve significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors, and that any decision to enter into transactions involving such products should not be made unless all
such risks are understood and an independent determination has been made that such transactions would be appropriate. Any discussion of the risks contained herein
with respect to any product should not be considered to be a disclosure of all risks or a complete discussion of such risks.
Nothing in this report shall be construed to be an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in this research
should take into account existing public information, including any registered prospectus in respect of such security.
Disclosure of Interest
Analyst Disclosure: Neither the analyst(s) preparing this report nor his associate has any financial interest in or serves as an officer of the listed corporation covered in
this report.
Firm's Disclosure: Phillip Securities does not have any investment banking relationship with the listed corporation covered in this report nor any financial interest of 1% or
more of the market capitalization in the listed corporation. In addition, no executive staff of Phillip Securities serves as an officer of the listed corporation.
Availability
The information, tools and material presented herein are not directed, intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where
such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or regulation or which would subject Phillip Securities to any registration or
licensing or other requirement, or penalty for contravention of such requirements within such jurisdiction.
Information contained herein is based on sources that Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited ("PSHK") believed to be accurate. PSHK does not bear responsibility for any
loss occasioned by reliance placed upon the contents hereof. PSHK (or its affiliates or employees) may have positions in relevant investment products. For details of
2017 Phillip Securities (Hong Kong) Limited
Contact Information (Regional Member Companies)
SINGAPORE
MALAYSIA
Phillip Securities Pte Ltd
Phillip Capital Management Sdn Bhd
Raffles City Tower
B-3-6 Block B Level 3 Megan Avenue II,
Kuala Lumpur
JAPAN
HONG KONG
PhillipCapital Japan K.K.
Phillip Securities (HK) Ltd
Nagata-cho Bldg.,
Exchange Participant of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
8F, 2-4-3 Nagata-cho,
11/F United Centre 95 Queensway
Hong Kong
CHINA
INDONESIA
Phillip Financial Advisory (Shanghai) Co. Ltd
PT Phillip Securities Indonesia
ANZ Tower Level 23B,
No 436 Hengfeng Road,
Jl Jend Sudirman Kav 33A
Greentech Unit 604,
Jakarta 10220 – Indonesia
THAILAND
FRANCE
Phillip Securities (Thailand) Public Co. Ltd
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
15th Floor, Vorawat Building,
849 Silom Road, Silom, Bangrak,
Paris France
Bangkok 10500 Thailand
UNITED KINGDOM
UNITED STATES
King & Shaxson Capital Limited
Phillip Futures Inc
6th Floor, Candlewick House,
120 Cannon Street,
The Chicago Board of Trade Building
London, EC4N 6AS
Chicago, IL 60604 USA
AUSTRALIA
PhillipCapital Australia
Level 12, 15 William Street,
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia