The first half of 2023 was under pressure to wait for a 9-priced Hpv vaccine offer. The Vantaa (603392) incident: 25 August 2023, the company published its semi-annual 2023 report, and 2023h1 was received.
Costing of expenditures related to R & D of 23H1 for a new crown vaccine, $122 million, and R & D related to a new crown vaccine, $305 million for the same period in 2022.
The cost of research and development of the new crown vaccine is related to the cost of the nose spray. Full effort is being made to internationalize the Hpv vaccine. The company is moving forward in an orderly manner with the second-priced Hpv vaccine and the hepatitis E vaccine.
\triangleright carries out export sales in the countries concerned and in countries that have received a listing permit.
In March 2023, a cooperative memorandum of understanding was signed on the transfer of Hpv vaccine technology from the company’s second-priced Hpv vaccine, as well as an in-depth exploration of future Hpv technology transfer and clinical cooperation to promote the nine-priced Hpv vaccine technology in Thailand.
Transfers, clinical and commercialization projects. 9-priced hpv vaccine is well under way, and the new frozen dry-water pox-detoxification vaccine is prepared for the iii phase of the clinic.
The main clinical trials for the vaccine stage are being observed and followed up as planned, the production workshops have been completed, and industrial intensive production studies are being carried out. The company’s nine-priced hpv vaccine and Jatarus 9 head-to-head clinical trials show that the company’s products are immunological in the same way as Jatarus 9, and have a 9-year-old immunopathy.
Good tolerance, little-age group bridges are well under way. The 20-priced pneumoconiosis bed is well under way as planned. The new frozen dry water pox detoxification vaccine (vzv-7d) completes the iia Sinda Securities Inc.
Work on the site of the clinical trial with the iii stage of the production of the vaccine for clinical use is under way.cindasecuritiesco.,ltd Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: we expect the company ' s operating income to be 2023-2025, respectively
The risk factor is: the spread and sale of the Hpv vaccine is less than expected and the product is less developed than expected.
The team of sellers worked for more than nine years and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked clinically at ppccchán and paraexel, joined the Sinda securities in 2021 and was responsible for the cxo industry study.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
In April, he joined the Sinda Portfolio, which is responsible for research on medical equipment and the Chinese medicine plate industry. Zhao Shuang, a team member, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, two years of experience in securities, 2022, and was responsible for research on medical equipment, medical equipment, ai medicine, digital medicine, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.