Continued growth in core products, digitalization of new business values, 4-quarter highlights, sustained reduction in portfolio investment focus \triangleright
The market for core products leads, four major lines of business are well developed. The pharmaceutical industry: the main business earns $5,983 million and sells over 10 million products. Yunnan White, which contributes more than $1.5 billion, is an increase of more than 20% over the previous year, Yunnan White capsules,
Pharmacists, aerosols, and Band-Aids are ranked first in the retail market. In addition, flu-specific products, “wind-out capsules” and pediatric pediatric porcelain porcelain particles, are worth more than a hundred million, with pyrolytic detoxing fumes, and yellow-coloured patches amounting to nearly 300 million.
(a) Ministry of Health Industry: for the first time, the main business income was exceeded by $6 billion and the market share of toothpaste was 24.4 per cent, and the market share was maintained first;
30% of them, of which the income from Chinese medicinal products increased by 36% from the previous year, and the unique market for special medicinal products, the “3 by 7” market, with the support of the Digital 3 by 7 industrial platform 2.0, led to the application of industrial link data in closed loops.
The above-mentioned public hospital market continues to be a regional leader. >Increased investment in research and development continues, with digital construction contributing to the sustainability of new operations.
Three hundred and thirty-seven million yuan is a steady increase. On the one hand, research and development inputs and scientific power are driving innovation in Chinese medicine products, focusing on research and development projects, all three or seven of which have been acquired by the National Institute of Drug Control (DNM) for the preparation of a batch of new medicaments of the 1.1 type of medicaments, as well as for the preparation of clinical studies during the haemolysis period, which is expected to start in April 2023.
To promote the secondary development of the Chinese drug species, the completion of the clinical test study of the knaves, which, in comparison with the solace group, can reduce the progress of the new crown of the first-time intoxicated patient and provide good safety; and the “fragine spray”, which can be used during the recovery period of the new coronary pneumonia and cold cold- cold-related certificates.
Obtaining the " Register of medical agency formulations " issued by the Drug Surveillance Authority of Yunnan Province; the patented prostate antigens (psma) targeted from the Great North Hospital and the North Oedema study have started the Nuclear Medicine Inr101 Innovation Project to develop innovative nuclear drugs for prostate cancer diagnosis.
Digitalization continues to deepen and empower the business sectors. Yunnan Pharmacy was developed in 2022 as the " Plan for Digital Development 2022-2026 of the Yunnan Pharmacy Group " and " Digital Construction of the Yunnan Pharmacy Group " .
(b) China Drug Resources: Deep Linking Users to the Digital Three-Seven Industry Platform.
(b) Yunnan Medical Co. Ltd.: Continuous construction of a drug-intelligent logistics delivery that covers the province
Product prices fluctuate as expected, investment returns fall short of expectations, toothpaste and good health products fail to perform with legitimate compliance information, and the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from open market information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.