South-West Securities Research and Development Centre incident: company annual report 2022, generating business income of 36.490 billion yuan (+0.3 per cent); net profit reduction of 30.0 billion yuan (+7.0 per cent); net profit deduction of 3.23 billion yuan (-3.2 per cent).
Performance grew steadily, with core products continuing to lead. Corporate performance grew steadily in 2022, reaching 35.0% of business sales. The Department of Medicines and Industry achieved $5.98 billion in revenues, sold over 10 million products, Yunnan Whites and aerosols contributed more than $1.5 billion, an increase of more than 20% over the previous year; and the Ministry of Health achieved revenue.
The Ministry of Industry has achieved revenues of approximately $1.4 billion, while Chinese medicine income has increased by 36 per cent over the previous year and has initially formed more than 20 fragrances based on foliage oil; and provincial pharmaceutical companies have achieved major business income of $23.17 billion, which has been affected by accounts receivable, a decline of about 3.9 per cent over the previous year.
In 2022, the company invested $440 million in R & D, representing 2.7 per cent of industrial income, and the R & D cost increased by $340 million, +1.6 per cent over the same period: all three or seven clinical trials; and, at the same time, the clinical trials of the thousand gold canine tablets met expectations, the aromatic spray was approved and registered.
In 2022, the company hired Mr. Zhang Ning as its Chief Scientist and Mr. Maga as its Chief Financial Officer: the Central Institute was officially launched, and Professor Zhang Ning, its Chief Scientist, was appointed President of the Central Institute and Dr. Huairou was appointed Vice-President of the Central Institute.
• Three new business modules are being developed continuously, with rapid business development. The dental care module, on-line "toothtalk" oral science branding, the medical-American business module, advanced upstream research and development of medical and aesthetic products, and the Central American tour of Yunjuni Medical Beauty Clinic, Kunming Cloud Medical Science and Technology Ltd., presented to the Integrated Clinic.
In business, the new retail health service business unit, which completed its business income during the reporting period in excess of $300 million, sold 73 per cent of the total number of sales by members of the “White Pharmacy Plus” shop, and recommended that attention be paid to this issue, which is 24, 21 and 19 times.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.