On March 23, 2020, the annual stone technology flagship, t7, was launched in Kyoto, Skycat, Suning, and opened up.
Pre-sale, expected to start on 7 April. t7 series sales for $2899, an increase of $100 over t6, and this pre-sale for $2599. New items are upgraded in a number of locations, such as algorithms, mopping hardware, map management, etc., more intelligent products, and more scavenging.
. ..the new Rrmason 7.0 algorithm is built up to be more intelligent, and the new hrmason 7.0 algorithm is built to enhance the intelligence of the sweeper robots. The new algorithms coordinate "real-time data management algorithms", "intense and mapping algorithms", "navigation and motion algorithms", make robots map.
More stable, more precise planning, and a full-scale enhancement of robotic path selection, release, perimeter clean-up, suitable for more complex terrain.
This hardware upgrade is mainly the result of a complete upgrade of the power charge and the water tank compared to t6. The new one is 2500 Pa, a 25% increase over the previous generation, and has a stronger cleaning capacity. Another important upgrade is in the water tank, where t7 uses a large capacity of 297 ml, with a 112% increase in capacity compared to the previous generation, and the power control technology.
A combination of 300g surface pressure and 248cm of blankets, wet tows, bigger and cleaner, with a single drag of up to 250 m2 and a better user experience.
The company’s first-time coverage report – “Demote Meems” biomarketing is done by the media to increase product impact. This new product release, the official push chain business model, has continued to improve the quality of profits.
The "news experience officer" campaign, which is applied for through the circulation of the circle of friends, the platform's public scrutiny, can be given free of charge, while reducing the cost of company sales, has greatly increased consumer awareness and credibility of the product, and has had a direct impact on consumer purchasing decisions.
On March 23, 2020, T7 was pre-saled in Kyoto, Skycat, Sunning, and it was expected to start on April 7, with a sale price of $2899 for the 7th series and $2599 for the sale.
New items have been upgraded in several locations, such as algorithms, mop-up hardware, map management, and more intelligent products and more scavenging capabilities.
The new product upgrades in terms of cleaning capacity, algorithm planning, app maps, and the overall upgrade of cleaning capacity are mainly reflected in electrical absorption and overall water tank upgrades. The new algorithm coordinates "real-time data management algorithms", "sense and map algorithms" and "navigation and motion algorithms" for machines.
Man-made maps are more stable, more precise planning, and the ability of robotics to choose, escape, surround, clean, and apply to more complex terrains. Arithmetic-based deployment of rrmason 7.0 algorithms has increased the intelligence of ground sweep robots.
Another important upgrade is the water tank, where t7 uses a large capacity of 297 ml, which is 112% higher than the previous generation, and which allows for more precise and fluid water control.
The surface pressure and the 248-cm wide-band rags with a larger and cleaner wet tow area, with a single drag of up to 250 m2 and a better wet tow user experience under the “small water volume” model. Append updates the multi-map management 4.0 system to apply larger household sizes. t7 upgrades multimap management.
Function 4.0. Robots can remember and edit four maps at the same time and automatically understand the corresponding floors.
Fig. 3: Flagship t7 is more “smart”2 and marketing uses new media for public marketing.
The introduction of the “News Experiencer” campaign, which is applied for through the circulation of friends, platform public scrutiny, and free of charge, allows for new items to be given, lowers the cost of company sales, while significantly raising consumer awareness and credibility of products through oral dissemination and directly influences consumer purchasing decisions.
Declining patterns of competition in industries; risks of new processes, research and development of new technologies; seasonal risks of sales