Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) The company released its mid-2021 report, which achieved 56.8 billion yuan in the first half of 2021, a year-on-year increase. Group sales in the first half of 2021 increased by 1.21 million vehicles, a 45 per cent year-on-year increase.
530,000 vehicles, 72% more than the previous year; 130,000 more vehicles in Long-Aoshan, a significant increase in the same year. 16.9% of companies, with a 2.7 percentage point increase in the ring, benefited mainly from the optimization of their product structure and drag. In terms of joint branding, Long-Amford grew by 24% in the first half of the year, with Lincoln's brand being sold.
Thirty-eight thousand vehicles, leading to an increase in Long Anfort’s sales. In the first half of 2021, joint venture brands contributed $250 million, a loss on the same scale.
The company promotes change in a variety of organizational, marketing, development, etc., and actively embraces electric and intellectual energy. The company’s ark architecture will be significantly upgraded in terms of precipitation, R & D progress, and the high-end series univ of univ, which is expected to be marketed in the first half of next year, is expected to be supplemented further.
Already, it will speed up the company’s expansion in the area of new energy cars. At the same time, the company will create a new energy high-end brand with China and Ninder, which will be followed by a multi-car model based on high-end brands.
Car sales are not as high as expected; new models are not on the market as they are expected.
3. Performance in the first quarter of the year meets expectations, performance in business performance The Huaan Securities New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covers New and Automobile Industries The Song Wai Jian: Five Years of Automobile Industry Research Experience, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The areas of study cover passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and cover new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electric research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Semper: three years of buyer industry research experience, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates. Using information of legal compliance, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.