On the evening of 9 August, the Chang-Ann vehicle released its July 2021 Express. In July, the Chang-Aon car sold a full-fledged 17.7 vehicle.
Ten thousand vehicles, + 7.89% of the same year, ring + 2.83%. A total of 98.8 million vehicles were sold under autonomous brands (Gwangqing/Hanobei/Footy), i.e. 11.38% of the same year, ring + 7.5%. Twenty-six thousand vehicles sold under joint venture brands, i.e. +19.88% of the same year, ring +19.74% of the same; 10,000 vehicles sold under Chang Amda, i.e. 16.07% of the same year, ring + 0.63% of the same year.
The overall sales situation is positive, with the autonomous brand becoming the pillar of stability, Poo and Taiwan's chip-for-plant factory being recommenced, with production gradually returning to normal levels.
A step-by-step release, the city will be warming up. 2) The growth in corporate sales in July was mainly due to autonomous brands. Of these, cs75 sales were sold in 20119 with a long-paced rate of 13049 and the un series of 10139. The autonomous branding of compact suv and low- and medium-end car markets, demand for products was affected by the epidemic. The second half of the year, with the recovery in consumer demand, and new cars, cs55plus,
In July 2021, Chang Anfort reversed the second quarter of the year-on-year increase by a negative sales volume of 26,000 vehicles, or +19.88 per cent.
The ring +19.74%. Mainly because of the Ford China 2.0 program, new technologies and products are being introduced.
In the first half of 2021, the company introduced uni-k, cs35plus. In the second half of the year, the new chief, Ancs75plus, and the second generation of cs55plus, will be on the market.
In the second half of the year, the company will continue to operate on the center end of the suv market, with the un and cs series continuously leading corporate sales of smart, high-value products. 2) The company is active from both sides of the market, with a multi-dimensional layout of new energy vehicles.
New energy sources have been introduced to strategic investors, with medium-to-low-end markets. On the other hand, working with China and the Ninder era to build Avita technology to locate high-end smart network cars. The first car code-named e11 has been de-lined, and the first vehicle, H1 smart car solution, locates medium-sized suv, is expected to be marketed in 2022.
Based on the ark architecture and the Chn architecture, three platforms were built, epa0, epa1 and epa2, and 26 smart electric vehicles were launched, of which Avita would launch five new cars based on the Chn architecture. The company’s layout in the new energy car field might be to push the company intelligently into a higher-end market.
1. Cheong An (000625.sz): Quick production and sales in February.
In the second half of the year, the Chang An vehicle (000625.sz): The roll-out of the new uni and cs series will continue to fuel companies’ performance in the new energy sector.
The Jaking Orient intelligent cabin displays a technology event point, assessing it, accelerating the pace of cross-border cooperation, expanding the intellectual mobility of the border.
Multiplier. Maintenance of the recommended rating. Automobile industry recovered less than expected; new car markets less than expected; chip shortage risk. Corporate financial statement data projections summary
Eunyan, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Illinois Polytechnic University, joined in 2019. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,