Keeps sales steady and self-serving; investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) and sales outperforms the industry and self-performs.
According to FMC data, in July, the country’s fleet sales ratio fell by 5%, and companies outperformed the industry’s liquidity (millions of shares).
In the case of capital brands, 26,046 vehicles were sold by Long Anfort, a 20% increase and a 20% increase by ring.
The company’s prices compare to the trend of 300 deep, and the sales of Long-Amma al-Ameda have collapsed. One hundred and twenty-three ninety-eight of the new energy sources have been sold, keeping the heat on.
Companies drive change in a variety of ways: organization, marketing, development, etc., and actively embrace electricization and intelligence. The company’s ark architecture will be significantly upgraded in terms of precipitation, R&D progress, and the high-end series, uni-v, will be on the market in the second half of the year.
At the same time, the company, together with Wah, Ninder, will create a new energy high-end brand, which will be based on high-end brands and multi-carrying, subsidiary Avi.
The towers will fully push for high-end brands to land, cars to sell less than expected, new models to market less than expected, etc. 1. Autonomous brands will remain strong and new energy will sell better.
2. Performance in the first quarter of the year meets expectations, operational performance.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electric research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Semper: three years of buyer industry research experience, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates. Using information of legal compliance, this report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.