The Sini Hill Signals have increased the city's share, building up the power of research and development.
With a steady increase in revenue, net profit from non-repatriation increases at a higher rate than in the same year. 2021h1, car sales from the \triangleright Division, which is the main beneficiary, have continued to grow at a higher rate, and net profits from corporate recovery, deductions and non-repatriation have increased at a higher rate than in the same time.
The same-year increase was higher than 2020h1, +63.49pt, +118.14pt. However, the company ' s average non-economic gain/loss was reduced by approximately $4.2 billion in the first half of the year, resulting in a significant decline in the company ' s net profit/sovereign profit ratio. The Māori rate rose and the operating cash flow improved. 2021h1, the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate were different.
Market data: multi-car models such as plus, 2021 cs75plus, and 2021 flung plus on 30 August 2021. New vehicles are gradually on board, with a high increase in high-quality product sales, and companies are leading the industry with a significant increase in vehicle sales on a year-on-year basis.
The company achieved 1.210 million vehicle sales, compared to +44.5%, with a 25.6% increase in the cumulative volume of automobile sales in the same year, with the same city share +1.2 pct. Of these, Chang An is the Chinese brand that sells 66 million vehicles in vehicles, and the cost of R & D has increased on a year-on-year basis, building up the power of R & D. In recent years, the company has been active in setting up cars.
\triangleright Intelligent, LightQuantities, etc., and accelerates the "Beidou Sky Constabulary" and "Shangela" projects.
In turn, as high-tech companies accelerate their arrival, it is expected that the overall public sector’s technological advantages will be increased, the product structure optimized, and the core competitiveness of the firm will continue to improve.
Investment proposals: the company continues to refine its product matrix, build a classic model and make a positive breakthrough in the car, 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, smartness, new energy sources, light-quantified technology, wider distribution channels, autonomous joint ventures, hopefully.
Central Sea State 28 West City, Beijing, 7th floor, Shanxi Stock Company.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.