Beverage milk for food beverages Beverage Beverage: A constant improvement in costs, slightly higher than expected Events: The company issued a fast performance report for 2022 and collected $8,501 million during the reporting period
Revenue analysis: Epidemic Control + Spring Day early, q4 ring speed. Companies collected $8,501 million throughout 2022, corresponding to +21.84 per cent, 2022q1/q2/q3/q4 revenue increases, i.e. 1,) q4 outbreak control is relaxed, movement of people normalized, and consumption scenes are gradually recovering.
2) As a result of the pre-spring period, return home, and the need for a gift delivery, the pipeline is active. 3) q4 has been advertising during the World Cup, and branding has been effective. Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
Profit analysis: Cost-side pressure slows down and the cost-rate falls in symmetric pressure. 2022q4 returns to the mother net profit from the purchase cost of polyester slices, white sugar and major additives. The company has gone down to the nearest East Peng beverages (605499).
East Poon's beverages (605499) " East Peng's beverages: Intake in ring speed, nationalization continues to advance " - recovery of consumption after pine, recovery of income from consumption scenes is expected, the company's economy continues to sink,
East Poon's beverages (605499), East Poon's beverages: The provincial market continues to expand, and the size of the 500ml is expected to continue. In addition, new items such as the East Poon Cafe are expected to be the second driving force behind the growth in performance.
At the cost end, the scale effect is expected to show a steady fall in 2023. Long-term outlook: product matrices are becoming more abundant, and product structures are improving the performance of companies.
At the end of the product, in 2022, the company was able to open up its markets outside the province with 500-ml gold bottles, actively building the “energy plus” product line, constantly introducing differentiated products, enriching the product matrix, and meeting the needs of consumers for different consumption scenarios. In 2023, the company will focus on the development of the “energy plus” product line.
At the end of the pipeline, the company is building more channels, and the number of points is expected to increase further.
Dopium beverages: The cost continues to improve, with a slightly higher than expected performance, leading the way in digital layouts. Companies manage distributors more rigorously, moving forward with regional encryption to increase the overall marketing rate of their products.
Profit forecasting and valuation: corporate demand is recovering continuously in the context of logistics flows returning to normality. 500ml gold bottles continue to be released, and growth is certain. Cost improvement plus scale effect. Dopium beverages: costs continue to improve and performance is slightly higher than expected.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.