The performance was somewhat higher than expected, and the second growth curve, the East Plum Beverage (605499.sh) incident evaluation report, was launched on 20 February 2023 with a fast-track performance report for 2022.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn's performance is slightly higher than expected, with four quarters of improvement accelerating.
The impact of the epidemic, which has continued with high temperatures in the summer, has improved the distribution of the rings; it has been less affected in the provinces than in the provinces, and the national expansion process has progressed in an orderly manner. The four-quarters of the epidemic has been effective in terms of consumption.
Recovery. At the profit end, four quarters of the pet costs are down, companies are doing lock prices, and the Māori rate is being repaired. The product matrix is constantly rich, looking forward to a second-growth curve.
At the end of the product: 1) energy beverages are still high, 500 ml bottled special drinker prices are better, canned special drink was upgraded in 2022 to three cans of iron, and the main product, Dong Peng, is expected to continue to rise. 2) Inbound by East Peng+
More beverages in the army, more scenes like Dongang's Science Park in the province in 2022, better feedback, average sales in January of 2022h compared to the increase in sales since the market last September, bubble drinks to expand coverage of electric competitions and sports events, and the release of electrolysis in January of this year.
Water also supplements sports beverages. Regional expansion: 2022h1 national market receipts, 2, and the report of the Chinese Stock Exchange * Dong Poon's beverages, which are more effective than in the first province, the national distribution is expected to be one with the number of network points covered.
(605499) Fact-finding report: Nationalization is increasing and new products are being released, and extra-provincial expansion will continue to bring about an increase in performance.
We're looking at the company's energy-drink track and the new products under the national expansion route (605499).
▪ The Food and Beverage Group presents Sun Shan: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.