Company review report  Beverage dairy 2023 2204 with a high rate of income and successful year-round withdrawal.
Events: On February 20, the company released its 2022 performance report.
Channel confidence has been restored to the build-up period ahead of schedule, with 22q4 revenue rising at a rate of $8.501 billion in 2022. According to the report, the 22q4 end-of-end ring growth has been accelerated and is expected to benefit mainly from: 1) increased confidence in the supply of pre-package and improved vaccination policies in 2023.
The company’s performance is likely to continue at a high rate, mainly as a result of: 1) at the end of the income line, and as the vaccination policy is optimized, it will continue to improve the Māori rate.
Policy incentives to boost the demand of the blue-collar population on the one hand, and to promote marketing, new products, and so on, on the other hand, are expected to go well; (2) to enhance the brand ' s reputation through increased publicity through the Hangzhou Asian Games; and (3) to take into account the rapid recovery in spring consumption, the spread of the epidemic into low-prevalence levels and the expected success of the opening doors.
Long term: fission + channel expansion + seaboard strategy, three growth curves are becoming clearer. 1) Channel thrust, the number of regional structures and points of the red bull, the company will accelerate the penetration of distributors and terminals, laying an important foundation for nationalization over the next five years; 2) product innovation, zero sugar + bubbles, is expected to prolong the consumption of eastern pontoon.
The cycle, with the concubine plus electrolytic water, product properties close to energy drinks, is expected to replicate large monolithic experiences; 3) The seaboard strategy, which the global view of labour-intensive industries will catalyze the demand for energy beverages in local markets, including in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Africa, etc., while overseas experiences such as Monster, m150 and others demonstrate the sea strategy
The feasibility of a relatively deep 300-percent performance map is now open to overseas recruitment in South-East Asia, the United States, and the United Kingdom. The industry is scarcer, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
East Peng beverages evaluation report: 22,03 in revenue, East Peng beverages evaluation report: 22,q2 in speed and a small improvement in profitability.
[Galaxy Eating] Company's evaluation report _ East Ping Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing Bong, Qinghua University, entered the securities industry in 2007 and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2011.
Liu Guangmi: Master of Economics, in 2020, the Institute of Human Security, in 2022, the Institute of Galaxy Securities, which covers the catering supply chain, spices, soft drinks, dairy products, etc., is good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical review and comparison with overseas perspectives. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent approach, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.