The mid-2024 mid-year review reported: periodic fluctuations in overall performance, high integrity of research assistant, slower pace than in the early "145" period, phased fluctuations in corporate performance as a whole, public
Faced with a complex and volatile internal and external environment and short-term industrial fluctuations, companies insist on focusing on the main industries, with the goal of “stable growth, sustainability, quality” and deep-ploughing enterprises operating and developing. Corporate operating cash flows have increased significantly, with cash flows generated by operations in the first half of 2024.
The net volume reached $1,135 million, an increase of 91.89 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the number of instruments due in the first half of the year; however, some accounts receivable have not yet been recovered, resulting in an increase in the number of accounts receivable in the first half of 2024 to the number of dynamic and emerging industries that have accelerated the release of capacity: in the first half of 2024, companies focused on emerging products.
The company has accelerated the deployment of the low-altitude economy and promoted sustainable development in the medium and long term.
Continuous release; high-end interconnection technology industry communities and civil and industrial interconnectivity industrial parks are progressing well. The subsidiary’s capacity enhancement projects in aviation engine beams and PV cold-source products are also proceeding in an orderly manner, laying a solid foundation for the company’s long-term development. In the area of defence, companies are consolidating.
In the area of civil aviation, companies focus on the demand for large-scale aircraft and general-purpose aircraft, the layout of the low-altitude economy, and the expansion of the product spectrum.
China Shipping Photovoltaics (002179), 2023, branding and product quality advantages, and support companies continue to move up: more than 50% of the company's Deep Farm Connector industry.
The year was devoted to becoming a “global top-notch interconnection programme provider” with a brand image of “professional, reliable, effective, industry-consolidated” with a clear branding and diversified marketing channels that focus on upgrading products.
In recent years, as the economy warms back into the spring, the expected demand in the downstream industries of new energy vehicles, telecommunications, consumer electronics, etc., has been reported in mid-2023.
The company’s revenue-earning capacity will be significantly enhanced with a boost in activity.
The outlook, taking into account the company ' s leading position in the military connector market and the rapid development of downstream operations, is less than expected; 4) macro-policy over-expected adjustments.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.