In October, the sales went up the year, the sky plans hit hard, and the monthly sales of 4,41706 were up the year.
Ring ratio + 23%. q3 Māori rate is 17.6%, same time-4.3pcts, ring ratio +1.4pcts. Biadi's firm-coded research and development, heavy-pound technology surges, and a number of subversive technology shocks are released: the Eye of the Gods assist the driving system, the Super-e platform megawatt flash, and the Neanderthal vehicle carries the drone system.
High-level smart-drive systems and super-e platforms are at the core, focusing on the company’s follow-up Sky Plan series of technology launches, which accelerates the technological drive to the ground. Exports go up, high-end breakthroughs.
This represents an increase of 89% over the same period. Biadi exports 705,000, an increase of 130% over the same period. Outgoing sales continued to rise in October in the Biadi Sea, with a global boom, and 83524 in October in vehicles and pickups overseas, with total equity/flow (billion shares)
This compares with an increase of 156 per cent, with 785,000 vehicles sold overseas in vehicles and pickups in January-October. The total market value/flow (billion dollars) of Biadi Global Bus is higher than 112 countries and territories, with new ones in several countries, including Italy, Turkey, Spain, and Brazil.
The highest/lowest price energy sales in 12 months. In addition, the Equator Leopard sold 31,000 vehicles in October, an increase of 415% over the same year, a strong R & D + high score, and a continuously optimized financial structure.
R & D costs 43.748 billion yuan in the last three quarters, an increase of 31.30 per cent. While maintaining high-intensity inputs, the high-scoring red program has demonstrated the determination of shareholders to pay off, the strategy of globalization has accelerated down, and the workforce has a stake in exports up, with a heavy weight on technology accelerating technology.
It is planned that the core talent will be tied up and that the company will introduce a 2025 employee holding plan covering up to 25,000 employees >--2025-08-31, with a total funding ceiling of $4.1 billion, with clear performance criteria, with the aim of adopting a policy of establishing a system of performance evaluation.
Incentives to bind core talent to drive firm growth in the long term. Financial costs - $2.936 billion.
Losses are narrow and asset quality continues to improve. Investment proposal: The Eye drives the Blast to full intelligence. Super-e platform, megawatts flash to turn the oil on at the same speed. By 2025, the Biadi “Sun” project was full-scale and technology was catalytic.
Billion dollars, $971.1 billion, $10.45 billion, net profit from the return of the mother $35.6 billion, $46.1 billion, Pacific Stock Company Limited, 926 Pong Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.