Export sales round ratio +57.2%, looking at the November 2025 Biyadi (002594.sz) sales evaluation report, November 2025: company sales achieved in November 2025.
Investment rating: buy-in (maintain) total volume but optimized structure, high-end brand break-up. High-end brands perform well, equation leopards, and dots.
At 10.8 per cent of sales in November 2025 by high-end brands such as look-and-see, the same/ring ratio +1.2/+5.8 pct, mainly high-end new products with excellent performance, Equation Leopard 7 pricing $17.98-21.98 million, zero hundred acceleration 4.5s, combined renewal over 1,300 km, with 70.9 per cent occupancy rate.
Deepseek gets in the car, collaborates with the ant group, provides voice-pointing and face-painting, provides peer-leading space and intelligence experience, with a cumulative sales volume of over 50,000 vehicles on the market for 80 days. 4 new items remain fast-paced.
For high-end products, the Hanev/dm-i Long Continue, the Leopard 5 Long Continue, the Leopard 8x5 and the Tsimn8l and 2026 Summer models were listed in October and November 2025, respectively, at a price of $1.54 million, which is expected to give further impetus to the company ' s product structure.
Optimizes. The major sellers of Songldm-i, Songprodm-i, and Qinldm-i have also received 2026 updates and are expected to increase their annual sales further by 2025 before the new energy acquisition tax concessions fall in 2026.
27.5%. We believe that good performance in corporate export sales is expected to continue for three main reasons: the company ' s new energy sources, especially hybrid products, are excellent and demand is high in the overseas market; and the company ' s localization is well advanced, with Brazilian factories in July 2025.
Successfully, Hungarian and Indonesian plants are expected to be in operation in 2026, continuing.
In October of that year, the first eight vehicle rollers built by Biadei were fully operational, and the performance of the quarterly report (002594.sz) in 2025 was forecast to be one million vehicles per year. The offshore market is expected to be the driving force behind the company’s growth in sales.
Engines. Overseas car sales are generally higher than in the country, and as their share rises, there's the year 2024 report point for "Performance with Year, High End & Globalization" (002594.sz)
To help companies recover their profitability. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: corporate globalization is going well and overseas sales are expected to continue \triangleright
Climbing, boosting profitability, taking into account the intense competition in the domestic market, domestic sales by firms The construction of offshore production bases has fallen short of expectations; higher prices for upstream raw materials; the risk of cargo damage by sea; the risk of tariff movements; and errors in the calculation, whichever is the case.
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.
Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.