Biyadi's 25q3 financial review: Reciprocity, control of fees, performance ring recovery, 30 October, Biadi's 25q3 financial report:
1. Collection: 11.14 million vehicles sold by q3 (including commercial vehicles) with $152.3 billion in the same/ring ratio - battery business, and 3.3 per cent/3.1 per cent after the elimination of Biadi electronics.
Cost: We calculate the q3 sales/management/research and development cost rates, respectively 2. Biadi 25q1 financial rating: surge in power, performance in advance 3, profit: corporate q3 Māori rate of 17.6 per cent, corresponding to/ring ratio-4.3pct/+1.3pct;
Biadi 2501 performance forecast: New vehicle performance increases & exports & 1 and q3 performance loops improves. Company net profits & single car net profit ratio recovery, mainly from two points: 1) Māori rate ring recovery, which is a counter-intra-market terminal benefit in July-August
In favour of small cars, the company’s costs are clearly reduced despite no significant improvement in the structure of the companyasp; and 2) the company’s costs are very well controlled, with a marked decrease in the three costs, especially the decline in the R&D cost ring ratio, which stimulates the company’s profitability recovery.
Starting in mid-month, a new round of 26-car-type replacements began: the q4 market is a rush, consumers are expected to focus on head-car companies and new vehicles on the market, and we believe that this shift will further boost corporate sales and improve the Māori ratio: 2) the company still has a large pool of technology.
Ready. Like the eyes of the gods, b. second-generation blade batteries, megawatt flashes, clouds, etc., possibly decentralized, dm-i technologies, 26 years of opportunity; more importantly, the company will be able to make progress and overlap in the design of the outer interior plate. 3) The market for the low end of 26 years.
But the effect is still to be seen; we keep the idea that the company is going to grow from overseas, that the company is still strong from overseas, that it's going to be in the first row of cars, and that it will enrich the company's subsequent profit growth, suggesting that it focus on the company.
The profits forecast, valuation and rating Biadi, as the van leader of a new energy vehicle, despite short-term business pressures, is still in the company's market mass and product technology reserve, up the sea, profit follow or repair potential, and I...
We're still looking forward to corporate growth. We're adjusting to the company's performance and its recent performance.