q3 performance ring up, overseas operations, equation leopards showing relatively bright performance, compared to pressure and ring improvement for q4 seasons.
The company published three quarterly reports in 2025, which generated 566,266 million yuan in the first three quarters, compared with 12.7 per cent in the previous three quarters; the return trend is still more visible, and the refinancing/newer model is expected to continue, looking for long-term development and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Company q3 sold 110,560,000 new vehicles, corresponding to 2.1 per cent/-1.9 per cent, mainly major branded by the domestic market and rebroadcasts equal to 6.6 per cent/-2.4 per cent, but q3 still had a bright spot: (1) overseas sales of 23.28 million vehicles, albeit with a small decline in the ring, were higher than +146.4 per cent; (2) equation q3 was sold to 546,000 vehicles, corresponding to the ring ratio
In October, the company sold 4,417,000 vehicles, up from 311,000 in October, and 20 million in the first full delivery month of titanium 7. Overseas markets are currently at the heart of growth, high-end brands are changing faster, and major brands continue to grow competitively.
In January-September 2025, the company's overseas sales in passenger vehicles and pickups were equal to +132.4 per cent, underpinned by short-term sales growth, mainly benefiting from a pre-diplomatic multi-dimensional layout: (a) it now extends to more than 400 cities on six continents, more than 110 countries and regions around the world, with a wide range of coverage; and (b) it has a fleet of more than a million ships operating in excess of its capacity each year.
Thailand, Brazil, and localized supply capacity. q1 performance has increased, and new cars in Shanghai have increased significantly, and new production capacity in Malaysia, such as ckd and Hungary, has continued to grow.
At the same time, the company continues to be high-end, increasing brands through management changes, in addition to the rapid release of the equation leopard series of titanium benefits.
q1 Performance is expected to increase, “Overseas Markets + New Cars: Strong Brand Dynamics.” In addition, the public cycle continues to work - corporate update reports - in the face of strong competition in the domestic market and declining subsidies for new energy vehicles, etc.
The Division is expected to contribute to the consolidation of the mainstream price segment by enhancing its product capacity, such as new vehicle battery capacity. O4 Performance Increases, “Megawatt Flash + Smart Equilibrium” Starts a New Process - Corporate Information Update Report