Improved bicycle profitability, technology, high-end, sustained export breakthrough - 3-quarter performance rating in 2025, Biadey.
Stone Gold had benefited from a domestic price slowdown and a high-end breakthrough, with an improved profit ring for q3 bicycles: q3 single seasons, with 1,114,000 vehicles sold by the q3 Department, compared to -1.8 per cent, the ring to -2.7 per cent, with an average vehicle cost of $136.7 million.
The increase in the cost ring is $1.65 billion, which is expected to disturb export earnings, and the removal of export effects is expected to be more pronounced in the Qin Jiqun district, where the market is more profitable than in the past, benefiting mainly from a slowdown in industry prices and higher companies.
The end-up break, with an q3 equation ring sales ratio of +31.4 to 55,000 vehicles, of which 12,000 were sold from single month in September to 9 October.Reducing efficiency gains have been steadily increasing, with companies operating more resiliently: q3 Māori for a single season of 17.61 per cent.
Business resilience continues to rise, with a single-quarter financial cost of 0.16 per cent for q3 and a ring ratio + 0.83 ptt, mainly subject to transfer, core technologies such as smartness, electric motorization, etc., which are expected to continue to upgrade product power, n8l and other new items on the market.
Billions of kilometres, R & D costs for companies in the last three quarters ranged from +31.3 per cent to $43.75 billion, solid technological inputs, relatively deep-down 300 charts, and sufficient data are expected to support the continuous upgrading of corporate smart-assed driving capabilities and increase competition for whole-sector product technology.
With regard to power, on October 13, the company announced that the evolution of the fifth generation of dm technology had begun to be carried out, with a 10 to 2.6l reduction in electricity consumption, and that the electric technology industry was leading. Intelligent and electrodynamic technologies were under way. On October 28, the company’s brand-new high-end product, N8l, was marketed at a price of $299.98 million.
32.98 million yuan, continuing to expand the high-end product matrix, is expected to drive companies to continue their breakthroughs. Overseas market expansion, capacity-building, roll-on ship-building are steadily advancing, and export growth is expected to continue: on October 29, the company’s Vision 2025 Japan mobile tour was launched, and the global launch was customized for the Japanese market.
K-evbydracco, which launched a two-line strategy of “pure power plus mixing” in parallel with the formal introduction of the first paragraph, the blending of sea lions 06dm-i, the extension of company products to traditional car powers, and the global leadership of the company's new energy products; on 16 October, the company's 100,000th vehicle was delivered to the Thai market, and the current company Thailand, Thailand, was able to provide a global boost to its new energy products.
Brazilian factories are operating well, and overseas factories are being built in Malaysia, Indonesia, Turkey, Hungary, etc.; on September 28, the company's eighth car roller, the Jinan, was officially listed, and the shipping capacity continued to rise. q3 Q3 was sold 233,000 vehicles abroad, compared to +15.5 per cent of total sales.
With the same ratio +12.88 pct to 20.89%, it is expected that the growth in corporate exports will continue, driven by a combination of market expansion, capacity-building and ship-loading abroad. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of ensuring the quality of services, controlling investment risks, and, if you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, first contacting the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, completing the investment.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.