Stable growth in profitability and growth of new business set-up — China’s mobile (600941.sh) company dynamic study
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company achieved a revenue of $79,145.8 million, a year-on-year increase, a year-on-year increase in good governance, a year-on-year increase in corporate profitability, a year-on-year net profit rate of 14.02 per cent for the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase of 0.4 pp.
In the context of the household market, the total number of cable broadband clients reached 314 million, a net increase of 15.36 million in the previous three quarters.
Tens of households; first three quarters, family clients combined arpu at RMB 43.2; and (3) political and business markets, with integrated promotion of “net + cloud +dict” scale-up, accelerating the expansion of priority areas such as the merchant market, first three quarters, the company's income from its operations.
Maintaining good growth; (4) Deepening content-plus technology-integration-for-new operations in emerging markets, and expanding international operations. The first three quarters have seen rapid growth in both corporate content media and international business revenues.
In the second half of the year, the company will focus on three major actions: the “two new” upgrade plan, which will gradually move towards new information bases such as arithmetic networks, low-altitude economies, satellite Internet, etc.
Second is the "ai+" action plan, which achieves the scale effect of the technological capabilities of the one, the system upgrades the capacity for high-calculation, big data, large-scale modeling, the creation of a super-macro cluster of smart calculations, and the deposit of trillions of dollars.
The level-token data set advances the training of a trillion-dollar-parametered model; on the other hand, it achieves the scale effect of ai economy, integrates ai and other new technologies into innovation, and empowers individual, family, political and business market ai applications, such as aai+dict.
The technology is widely used within the company, with 55,000 employees currently employed in the company, helping to operate in a cost-effective and efficient manner. The third is the “basic6” initiative, which promotes big data, artificial intelligence, security, capability center, arithmetic network, 6g, etc.
Science, technology and innovation in the field have been successful, and the benefits will be sustained in terms of revenue and profit increases, covering for the first time, giving “the risk of buying, downstream demand less than expected.”
• Presentation by the Electronic Communications Group: Mao Jianxian University Masters in Materials, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in the global lead semiconductor advanced process project, five years of experience in commodity securities research, and employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Gangdan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Securities, four years of experience in research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.