In pursuit of a high-quality development, a Chinese-moved tri-quarterly review of 2024, October 22nd, 2024.
Chinese mobile (stock code: 600941) Events: In recent days, China moved to issue a performance report for 2024q3 and realized revenue of $791.458 million
As of 2024q3, the personal market (c): mobile clients totalled 1,004 million, of which 5g Internet subscribers to 539 million and 5g penetration to a higher level. Mobile Internet traffic increased by 2.1 per cent compared to the previous year.
Mobile phones reach 15.7gb, mobile arpu is 49.5 yuan, keeping the industry in the lead. The household market (h) has 314 million cable broadband customers, a net increase of 15.36 million households, of which 276 million are home broadband clients, a net increase of 12.46 million households, and a combined household arpu43.2 yuan. The government and business market (b):
The income from the dict business has continued to grow well, and companies have continued to push for a digital transformation of the public and business users, expanding the 5g industry Internet and cloud networks to integrate new information infrastructure, and deepening the new track-enabling industry. The growth in mobile cloud income margins and the share of the revenue of the aiaas+paas have stabilized in the top five emerging markets.
(n) Content media revenues, international business revenues, have all continued to grow rapidly, pushing for an all-round “a-way” of services, digital content, and an upgrading of digital transformations in financial science and technology. A new breakthrough in the “ai+” initiative, with the effective release of red-dimensions, and the medium- and long-term development of new and old dynamic energy.
Companies are constantly implementing the “ai+” action plan, and capital spending brings new levels of performance to the numeracy side. On the one hand, capital spending is optimally configured to reduce cost-side pressures, while on the other hand it will further assist the operators in the development of cloud operations and protect them from innovative business development. In 2024, China moved a full-year plan.
Investments amount to $47.5 billion and are expected to be no less than 24.0eflops(fp16) and fast-forward multiplicity of supplies throughout the year. Companies are expected to release further dividends, and companies are expected to step up. In the context of the new and old dynamic energy transformation of operators, companies are building tens of thousands of "5g+"ai+.
Project applications that effectively support the upgrading of traditional industries, the development of strategic and emerging industries, the forward-looking layout of future industries. As a leader in technology, data, arithmetic, and algorithmic whole-of-industry configurations, the benefits of the new web-based changes are expected to be more than anticipated, especially the expansion of the operator's “second-growth curve” intelligence cloud business.
The upgrading of the enabling industry and the continued stability of higher growth are expected to lead to higher valuations; while the value of medium- and long-term investments is highlighted by the profitability of companies, the continued improvement of cash-flow assets, the prominence of asset values, and the continued increase in dividends to shareholders.
Investment proposals: A breakthrough in the "ai+" initiative, effective expansion of satellite operations, acceleration of the process of industrialization of the "5g+" network, effective upgrading of the country's new-quality production, combined offensive and defensive nature.
1. [Galaxy communication] Company review _ Communications industry _ China move: 14.40 times the recommended rating is maintained. Qualitative efficiency is a high return, and intellectual transformation opens up new space
[Galaxy communication] company review _ Communications industry _ China Movement: Imense: Investment accelerates, and the solid development of the “ai+” initiative has led to my undertaking to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.