Telecommunication operation ii China Movement (600941.sh)
On November 4, 2024, China moved to issue its third quarterly report for 2024. 2024q1-q3, the company achieved a revenue of 791.5 billion.
Dollars, + 2.0 per cent; of this, $678 billion, + 2.0 per cent, was earned on the main business. Net repatriation 1) c+h end: traditional business growth slowed, expecting new business, new scenes to blend into operations Personal markets, with a total of 1,004 million mobile customers as of the beginning of the year, up to 2024q3
Market data: Net increase of 113 million households as at 4 November 2024, with 539 million Internet clients, or 74 million at the beginning of the year; 2024q1-q3 mobile phone access to 15.7gb, mobile phone traffic to +2.1 per cent; mobile arpu
49.5 dollars, +0.2 dollars at the beginning of the year. Major flow innovation applications have slowed down the growth of the company's personal business, such as immaturity and the diversion of events such as smart cabins, but we believe that the company's expansion through the integration of Connect + Application + Equity is expected to continue the deep-deeping of the landscape service and optimize the operation of one-stop customers throughout the year.
A net increase of 80 million households in the 5g network, with mobile arpu remaining stable, is based on data: as at 30 September 2024, in the household market, as at 2024q3, the total number of company-connected broadband clients was 314 million, compared to 314 million.
(a) A net increase of 115 million households at the beginning of the year, including 276 million households with household broadband clients, a net increase of 112 million households at the beginning of the year;
User's arpu value is expected to remain stable. 2) b+n end: Growth dynamic is maintained and a breakthrough is expected through horizontal layout \triangleright
Goebbels 2024q1-q3 with good growth in corporate income, content media, international revenue, rapid growth in revenue, and still innovative in terms of the size of the base business.
Tob, a company based on “nets and clouds” and focused on business, integration, delivery, management, etc., deep-farmer markets: Ton, a company based on the concept of “content and technology + integration and innovation”, creates competitive advantages for content media operations through domestic and foreign market linkages.
We're still confident in the company's development in the b+n market, while moving the clouds.
\triangleright \triangleright
The company is currently in the process of switching its flow operations to new information services, and we believe that the firm has a solid customer base, a data base, and an arithmetic base, which is expected to accelerate the realization of the inew energy.
The first half of the year (fp16) 19.6eflops, which is at the beginning of the year +9.5eflops, will add new energy to the business of government through ai+dict, and to mobile cloud operations through models. The company “basic6” has been very productive and has been active in the development of science, technology and innovation.
Dynamic energy, in the future, is expected to maximize technological capacity and economic effectiveness through the convergence of STI and traditional business On the one hand, companies will continue to grow robustly and on the other hand, the red rate will increase further, and there is still room for improvement in the valuation against the international mainstream operators, maintaining the “buy-a-a” rating.
\triangleright \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.