q3 Improved cash flow and robust profitability \triangleright
One billion yuan, or 2.0 per cent more than the same year, the company achieved a net return profit of 11.9 billion yuan, or 5.1 per cent more than the same year, and a deduction of non-net profit of 10.5 billion yuan, or 3.6 per cent more than the same, and an operating income of 24.47 billion yuan, or 1.1 per cent more than the same, for the first three quarters of the year.
Performance met expectations, with a marked improvement in cash flow of q3. q3 company sales of Māori were 30.8 per cent, compared to \triangleright
Yang Dongqing, mobile and sequestered customers are in an expansionary zone, with a small drop in arpu in the previous three quarters.
At the end of the previous three quarters, mobile users of companies reached 1,004 million households, or +1.4 per cent of the year; 5g network clients reached a rating: 24h1 income was growing steadily and capital expenditure was high The mobile arpu value was 49.5 yuan/household, or 3.3 per cent of the year, while mobile phone traffic was 15.7gb over the same period
Assessment: 24q1 non-net reeds are better than the year-on-year ratio, with priority being given to development. Corporate cloud operations are expanding rapidly and are beginning to form a fully leading national network of arithmeticals.
3. China ' s movement (600941.sh) was evaluated in the 2023 annual report:
The central node has been put into production. China's mobile computing, intelligence, over-calculation, volume-based "four-for-one" individual and household users have increased their arpu values, with 24-26 years of stock accounting for the network's long-range triangulation hub, a public service platform for numeracy in the lake cluster, which has also been successful at the national hub node.
China’s move (600941.sh) in the three-quarters of 2023 report points has taken place. In the last three quarters, in the political and business markets, corporate integration promoted the scale of “net + cloud +dict.”
Expanding and accelerating the expansion of priority areas such as the merchant market, sustaining deep-industry customer operations, strong programme integration, promoting 2023/10/21 power, excellence project delivery management, promoting quantity and development, while maintaining a good income from the company's research operations over the same period
On the emerging market side, to deepen the operation of content+technology+integrated innovation, to build content media operations.
Income from entry and international operations has been growing rapidly. \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.