Pharmacy Organism 603259 China’s Medicine Subcontracting Lead with Powerful Engines, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
• Investment logic: 1) With the continued transfer of overseas production capacity to our country and the rise of domestic innovation medicines, the country ' s cxo industry is expected to maintain a combined growth rate of more than 20 per cent; 2) the company is the leader of our cxo industry, with high barriers and significant competitive advantages in terms of customer resources, enabling platforms, talent advantages, etc.; 3) the public
The Division has sufficient momentum in the short, medium and long term, with small molecules cro/cdmo providing sufficient performance drivers for the company in the short and medium term. Cdmo for gene and cell therapy, clinical cro for the company, client resources, enabling platforms, talent advantages, and long and wide moats for the drug Mind.
The end-of-the-business model, with a rapid growth in the number of clients, reaching 4,000 in 2020h1, will continue to grow rapidly in the future, while the quality and cohesiveness of the company’s clients are much higher than that of the same industry, and its clients have a significant resource advantage. The Division has now established a global industry-wide layout for the production of pharmaceutical research and development, enabling global pharmaceutical research and development.
Cro+cdmo’s synergies are becoming apparent. Companies have the highest levels of talent reserves and excellent management teams with a global vision and strategic vision of the industry, incentives are being developed, workers’ own values are being fully met, and companies have created significant barriers to talent.
• Small molecules, cro/cdmo, provide sufficient performance drivers for the company in the short and medium term. The company’s actual laboratory services in the China district and its Cdmo business earned 50% and 29% respectively. Overall, small molecules, cro and cdmo, account for nearly 80% of the business, and with the continued transfer of overseas production capacity, in-country innovation medicine development and production
The continued growth of inputs, and the continued expansion of the company’s productive capacity, is expected to continue with more than 20% robust growth in small molecules and cdmo’s operations, providing sufficient drivers for firm’s short- and medium-term sound development. The company’s medium- and long-term acceleration engine is provided by the cdmo on gene and cell therapy, clinical coro, and the United States.
District laboratory services mainly provide cdmo services for cell and gene therapy products and medical equipment tests, with 12% of income, wide market space for cell and gene therapy, greater demand for outsourcing in future production, and long-term growth of the company’s cell and gene therapy cdmo operations.
In comparison to 8%, the clinical coro market is larger than the pre-cro, the market space is wide, the company continues to accelerate, and the base is low, and it is now expected to maintain a 30% or more compound growth and contribute to greater elasticity in the future. The net profit compound is expected to increase by 34%. The company is the leader of the cxo industry in our country, in its customer resources.
Pharmacy (603259): Good business recovery, high barriers in terms of enabling platforms, talent advantages, etc., coupled with strong incentives for corporate performance growth, some expected to accelerate further in the second half of the year (2020-08-14)
Pharmacy (603259): Four major plates have grown robustly, with fixed-increment plus capacity expansion (2020-03-25) 5. Pharmacy (603259): a new era of innovation, I
Physical Empowerment Platform (2019-11-20) Scenario 1: a company is the global leader of the pre-clinic cro, and there is a steady increase in international research and development of innovative medicines, domestic innovation, rapid development of drug research and development, and the company precro is expected to continue to grow steadily as the industry develops and is projected to take it in 2020-2022
Assumption 2: Global cdmo production is now accelerating towards our country, domestic research and development of innovative medicines is developing rapidly, and small and medium-sized scenario 3: cellular and gene therapy cdmo operations are vast, companies are now in the vanguard of the industry, and growth is expected to accelerate as capacity continues to expand. For medical equipment detection services, companies integrate and strengthen their management marketing and operations.
Assumption 4: Clinical cro accounts for a large portion of the cro industry, market space is wide, and global and Chinese clinical cro is expected to grow by 20% over the next three years. The company’s rapid deployment in clinical cro is steadily increasing the number of cities and hospitals covered in the country, while entering the U.S. market through M&A and starting to develop high Maori statistical operations, clinical cro industry.
Markets believe that the economies of scale of the cxo sector are not significant, that concentration is low, that firms are industry leaders, that competitive advantages are unclear, and that long-term performance growth is weak. We believe that firms create high barriers to customer resources, business structures, and human resources, with performance growth points in the short, medium and long term, and strong incentives for development.
Small molecules cro and cdmo orders are overpredicted; clinical cro orders are overpredicted; pe is 95 times higher, 73 times higher, and 58 times higher, respectively. The company is the leader of the cxo industry in our country, with high barriers in terms of customer resources, enabling platforms, talent advantages, and, at the same time, its performance is sufficiently dynamic to sustain faster growth in the long run.
The project is not as advanced as expected; exchange rate fluctuations; and investment return fluctuations. 1cro/cdmo global leader, building an integrated platform for new drug research and development production.
Founded in December 2000 and registered in Jiang Su-xi, with operating headquarters in Shanghai, the company started overseas with the Small Molecular New Drugs Research and Development Service, which was successfully listed in New York in 2007 and subsequently privatized for reorganization in 2015, with the biopharmaceutical cdmo decomposition, which led to the establishment of the Nucleus stock market in 2017.
The company has established a comprehensive service that runs through the development of new drugs, from drug discovery to pre-clinical development, clinical trials and small molecular chemistry.
Figure 1: The history of the development of the drug Ming Condé. The drug Ming Condé's life and health estate was settled in Chengdu.2011: the acquisition of Jin Seok Jae-sung, the establishment of clinical research and development and notes.
2000: The Jiangsu Si Si City established an operating centre in Shanghai for the acquisition of German drug discovery services 2001: development of synthetic chemical services
Vendor crelux, set up listing (stock code 2012: tinless R & D production base operational, Wuhan)
2003: Development of process R & D services and expansion of research in the European region 603259.sh)
2004: development of R & D production services 2014: plant set up in Philadelphia, USA, car-t 2005: bioanalysis services
Hong Kong joint stock code: R & D production in the field of cancer immunotherapy; acquisition of the United States
2006: Development of new biopharmaceuticals and process research and development services
The first drug, Myung Cond's health industry, set up America's high-end treatment department, focused on development.
2007: Toxicology and agent services; successful landing in New York
• Establishment of the Pharmacy Condé Biochemistry Award for the purchase of American philmapace for the acquisition of Faixin organisms and further consolidation of platform biology
2008: Acquisition of apptec, expansion of clinical research 2009: inauguration of the Security Evaluation Centre in Suzhou
According to statistical analytical services capacity Researchpointglobal, further expansion 2010: Establishment of a full-scale pharmaceutical production base in Phnom Penh
A globally integrated clinical development service with a relatively fragmented equity structure, with investors mostly well-known institutions, both within and outside the country. The corporate equity structure is fragmented, with no shareholders, with actual control over Dr. Li Ge, Dr. Zhao Ning, Mr. Liu Xiaojong and Mr. Zhang Xiaojun, and the real control over their actions.
Overall, 27.76 per cent of corporate voting rights are controlled, and corporate investors are mostly well-known investment institutions, both within and outside the country.
The company ' s operations cover mainly laboratory services in the China region, contract research and development production services (cdmo), United States district laboratory services and clinical research and other cro services, of which laboratory services in the China region include, inter alia, small molecular drug discovery services and drug analysis and testing services; contract research and development production services (cdmo) are conducted primarily as a platform for subsidiaries in the global drug industry, mentioning that
Customized services including advanced intermediates, raw materials and preparations for pre-clinical, clinical, new drug listing and commercialization; manufacturing and pharmaceutical packaging; development and production services for overseas cell and base treatment and medical instrument testing services for United States district laboratory services; clinical research and other coro services mainly include clinical services
Pharmacy Condé has now developed an “integrated, end-to-end” research and development service platform. New drug research and development is divided into several major stages of drug development, present and pre-production, pre-clinical pharmaceutical experiments, process synthesis, clinical trials, and commercialized production.
New drug research and development service providers, companies and companies now cover the entire industry chain of new drug research and development, small-scale molecularization, research and development and production services are well established, clinical co-services are developing rapidly. In addition, the company provides research and development services for medical instrument testing and cell and gene therapy abroad, and the company as a whole has become fully operational.
In the form of industry chain platforms, which provide research and development, production and support services to global pharmaceutical companies for a variety of new medicines, the advantage of “integrated, end-to-end” research and development service platforms is significant. 1.3 Performances are robustly growing, with a continuing ratio of clinical cro, cell and gene therapy cdmo
The combined growth rate was 27.4 per cent, of which 33.9 per cent was higher in 2019 and 1.86 billion yuan in 2019, a decrease of 17.7 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a loss of $620 million on fair value movements, while the company ' s 2019 net return profit, after deducting the effects of fair value movements, remained robustly growing at 23.7 per cent over the same period the previous year.
In 2016, the income of cdmo rose from 1.6 billion yuan to 3.75 billion yuan in 2019, and the rate of 1.06 billion yuan a year, reaching 74 per cent. In terms of the share of income, the share of laboratory services in China District and laboratory services in the United States District has declined slightly over the years, while the rate of increase in cdmo operations, clinical research and other cro services has been relatively rapid.
The share of income continues to rise, and is expected to rise further in the future. Figure 6: Revenue from company operations (millions of dollars) Regionally, the income from Pharmacy Condé was mainly from overseas, and the United States income share declined from 65 per cent in 2015-2018
Foreign revenues accounted for 77 per cent of the total, while China accounted for 23 per cent, and it is expected that the domestic revenue share of companies will continue to rise as domestic inputs for innovative drug research and development continue to grow.2 The client structure, enabling platforms, and the talent advantage will be extended and wide-ranging for drug Minding Condé.
In 2019, the company had more than 3660 clients, 1,200 more than in 2018.
In 2020h1, the number of corporate clients has reached more than 4,000, accounting for one third of the number of innovative pharmaceutical companies worldwide. Compared to his own country, the company’s corporate clients cover the top 20 global drug companies, such as Pfizer, Reilly, Mercerton, and a variety of new drug research and development institutions, with a higher quality, while the company’s clients are more sticky, with the company’s top 10 largest in the first half of 2015-2020.
The rapid growth in the number of clients is clearly linked to the “long tail strategy” that companies insist on. The “long tail strategy” refers to expanding the range of clients from large international pharmaceutical companies and bio-firms to small biotechnology companies, virtual companies and individual entrepreneurs through the provision of comprehensive and customized services. Small and medium-sized pharmaceutical enterprises, research teams, etc. are now becoming the backbone of global pharmaceutical innovation.
The implementation of the company’s “Long-end Strategy” has gradually been effective, with a significant increase in the share of small clients’ income. The company’s top 20 long-end customers’ income contribution awards have increased even further.
From a comparison of firms that partially disclose client data in their own countries, Pharmacén Condé has the highest number of active clients, far more than other cxo enterprises. 2.2 The global layout of the pharmaceutical research and development production enabling platform has a significant integration advantage.
The company, one of China’s first cro firms, began to market in New York in 2007, with a fast-tracking of the industry, followed by privatization in 2015 and listing in a stock market in 2018, with a further acceleration of the whole industry, with significant advantages. In 2008, the company acquired apptec in the United States, entering the field of drug testing services, and in 2011 acquired it.
Jinseok Jianxing, entering the clinical area of cro, acquired Mesuno in 2014, increased bio-information operations, acquired nickcode, layout genetic testing services in 2015, and subsequently acquired ambrx, German crelux, and release organisms, further enhancing the competitiveness of precro operations. Starting in 2018, the company accelerated clinical cro operations.
In 2018, the company acquired a clinical laboratory in Texas, United States, researchpointglobal, expanded the clinical laboratory service to the United States, enhanced the capacity of the U.S.-American double-testing service for domestic and foreign clients, and in 2019, the company acquired a new clinical research statistical analysis service in California, USA, pharmapace, to connect the Chinese-American service platform.
With the number of former international small-scale cro enterprises, companies are expected to continue to make progress in enhancing their industrial chain layout through acquisitions. While acquisitions continue, firms are further strengthening their business capacity through endogenous development, and in 2018 they made a share in the market, raising $2.25 billion, then landing on h shares, raising $8.28 billion, and raising funds to expand pre-cro, pre-clinical development.
As a result of years of rapid growth, the company’s business now covers the entire industry chain of new medicines, building a whole industry service model of R & D, production, and commercial production, which has a clear advantage over other competitors. From both the domestic and foreign perspective, the foreign industry is large.
Cro business is generally concentrated in the clinical area, pre-cro body size is relatively small, and large overseas cro enterprises are generally not deployed in cdmo, while large overseas cdmo companies tend to focus only on cdmo business, and cro industry is less involved, as compared to the development of the cro+cdmo integration platform, where synergies are evident
And, as opposed to domestic firms, the company’s pre-cro and cdmo operations are absolute leaders, the clinical cro operations are moving fast, and the whole industry chain layout has a significant advantage. The company has achieved “integrated, end-to-end” service through the whole industry chain layout, which greatly enhances customer stickyness, with significant synergies.
As the corporate integration landscape continues, the client conversion rate continues to rise, with 2020h1, with clients using a variety of services with a revenue ratio of 85 per cent, indicating that companies have achieved better intra-client flows, with strong synergies in the industrial chain. Figure 13: Corporate customer transformation (2020h1)
With the layout of the new drug research and development industry, the company continues to create a large healthy eco-circle and invests in start-up companies in the medical and pharmaceutical industry. As of 2020h1, the company invested more than 90 companies and funds in six areas, including innovative therapy, medical services, medical devices and diagnostics, medical data and ai, supply chains, health sector funds, and within the portfolio.
A ministerial rate of return of 30% also provides a strong return on investment for the company. A rich investment also encourages the firm to further collaborate with industrial capital to harness the opportunities for industrial development, while at the same time driving the growth of the dominant sector, increasing the firm’s core competitiveness.
cxo relies mainly on the services of specialists in the field of medicine, requiring participants in various types of expertise in chemistry, medicine, pharmacology, biostatistics, etc., and some posts require technical staff with extensive management experience. Overall, cxo is a clearly talent-intensive industry, coupled with a shortage of senior professionals, higher remuneration requirements for managers, etc., and industry as well.
At present, in terms of the total number of employees, the quality of staff, managerial qualifications, and incentives for staff, there are significant barriers to talent and competitive advantages. In terms of the total number of employees, companies have a strong pool of talent, and the number of employees has increased from 11422 in 2016.
At the level of peers, the rapidly growing number of employees provides the basis for the rapid growth of the company’s performance. In terms of the quality of the workforce, the number of master’s degrees and above in the company is over 7,000, well above the level of the same industry.
The company’s management team has an excellent management team with a global vision and a strategic vision of the industry, and the company’s management team, led by Li Ge, has a rich experience in the pharmaceutical industry, strong executives and years of investment in the pharmaceutical industry.
In addition, the leadership team has scientists with advanced degrees and extensive work experience, most of whom have worked in biology.
The pharmaceutical industry is on the front line, with many years of industry experience in their respective fields of specialization, and good management teams have laid the groundwork for long-term corporate development.
This effectively combines shareholder interests, corporate interests and the individual interests of the core team, enhancing the stability of the corporate team, and providing talent support for further research and development. In 2019, the core workforce of the company (the workforce covered by the equity incentive scheme) had a high retention rate of 94 per cent, reflecting a high level of corporate talent bonding.
3 Performance drivers: In the short, medium, and long term, there are sufficient incentives for small molecules to develop. The company’s Chinese district laboratory service owners are engaged in small molecular drug discovery services and small molecule pre-clinical testing services, with revenues of about 50%, the company’s cdmo industry.
In general, the small molecules have accounted for nearly 80% of the total, and the small molecules and cdmo are expected to continue to grow steadily, with the continued transfer of overseas capacity, the continued growth of domestic innovative drug research and development and production inputs, and the continued expansion of the company’s own capacity.
Cell and gene therapy cdmo operations and clinical cro will be new engines for long-term growth. The company’s US district laboratory services provide mainly cdmo services for cell and gene therapy products, and medical equipment testing services, with 12% of the income, which are long.
At this point, the market space for cell and gene therapy is wide, the demand for future production outsourcing is high, and the company’s cell and gene therapy cdmo business is sufficiently dynamic to grow over the long term. Clinical co-services account for 8%, the clinical co-market is larger than the pre-bed coro, the market space is wide, the company continues to accelerate its layout, and the base is currently low, and is expected to grow at a high rate in the future.
3.1 The cro/cdmo industry has a high profile, providing sufficient performance for companies 3.1.1 Benefiting from overseas capacity transfer and the rise of domestic innovation, and the cxo industry has flourished
Global drug research and development investment and research pipelines have grown steadily, laying the foundation for global development of the cxo industry. Global drug research and development investment has also risen as a result of multiple factors, such as economic development, increased population ageing and increased health awareness. Global research and development investment reached $15 billion in 2019, and global drug research and development pipelines have increased as research and development investment has increased.
The steady increase in the global volume of pharmaceutical research and development inputs and pipelines, which has provided the basis for the global development of the cxo industry, has continued to rise, reaching 16181 in 2019. Figure 21: The total number of global research and development pipelines in the pharmaceutical industry has steadily increased
With the steady growth in the number of R & D inputs and R & D pipelines and the increased efficiency of fda approvals, the number of new medicines approved each year has increased rapidly, with an average of 51 new medicines approved by fda between 2017 and 2019, at a historically high level, and the speed with which new drugs are marketed has further stimulated the enthusiasm of pharmaceutical companies for R & D, while also promoting the expansion of the pharmaceutical industry as a whole.
Research and development has become more difficult, prompting pharmaceutical companies to work with cxo firms. In recent decades, as the disease has become more complex, the constant consumption of known targets and the rising demand for policy regulation have increased the cost of research and development by pharmaceutical companies, the duration of the research and development week has grown, the success rate of research and development has dropped significantly, putting enormous pressure on pharmaceutical companies to develop and develop, and to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of research and development.
Power, the pharmaceutical industry has gradually increased its cooperation with the cxo enterprise, promoting a gradual increase in the cxo outsourcing rate. In the cro industry, the cost of our co-services is much lower than in the developed world, where the pre-cro area is more dependent on people, the country has a sufficient supply of talent and relatively low labour costs, leading to pre-cro taking the lead in our country.
In the clinical area, the country’s large population base determines a relatively large number of patients in all areas of disease, the cost of recruiting patients is much lower than in developed countries, and an increasing number of international pharmaceutical companies have chosen to conduct clinical work in China, further driving the development of clinical coro in the country.
Thanks to the growth in the size of our talent and the relatively low human cost, the market size of our industry grew from 13.6 billion yuan in 2011 to 67.8 billion yuan in 2018, with a compound increase of more than 20 per cent, compared with the global market size of 27.1 billion dollars in 2011 to 48.9 billion dollars in 2018, with a compound increase of less than 10 per cent.
The size of the industry as a share of the global market rose from 7.19 per cent in 2011 to 19.81 per cent in 2018, and is expected to remain similar to that of the cro sector. The Chinese, Indian and cdmo industries are also far lower in raw materials and human costs than developed countries such as Europe and the United States.
In order to reduce costs, many multinational drug companies have gradually shut down some of their plants in recent years to reduce their production capacity. In 2019 alone, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pfizer, Pft.
Novartis, Reilly and Aslikon announced their plans to cut production capacity, with Novartis selling Suzhou factories for $790 million to the Kyushu pharmaceutical industry, which is now the largest acquisition of cdmo companies in the country, with a marked shift in global pharmaceutical production from Europe and America to Asia and the Pacific.
The market size of our cdmo industry grew from $12.9 billion in 2011 to $44.1 billion in 2019, with a compound increase of more than 20%, and is expected to continue to grow rapidly in the future. By contrast, the global cdmo market has grown from $23.1 billion in 2011 to $63.3 billion in 2019.
3.1.2 Laboratory services in the China region: predicting emerging trends in research and development, setting up a leading enabling platform, China District Laboratory services are the core business of the company, mainly for pre-clinical cro, including small molecular drug discovery and drug analysis and testing, and companies through multi-stock subsidiaries such as Shanghai Pharmacism, Suzhou Pharmacism, Tianjin Pharmacism, Wuhan Pharmacism, etc.
The company ' s revenue from laboratory services in the Chinese district increased from $3.27 billion in 2016 to $6.47 billion in 2019. In comparison with domestic businesses, in 2019 the company ' s revenue from pre-cro clinical operations amounted to $6.47 billion, the same industry.
Drug discovery is the company’s primary clinical and pre-cro business, and drug discovery is a multidisciplinary, systematic effort and process, targeting drug discovery levels.
The company now has the largest and most experienced small molecular chemical development team in the world, which can provide a process-wide process from drug targets to the identification of clinical candidate compounds. From the global drug discovery market, which grew from $7.1 billion in 2013 to $11.9 billion in 2019, it is expected to continue at a rate of 8% in the future.
From 3.5 billion yuan in 2013 to 16.8 billion yuan in 2019, a compound increase of 30% is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate of more than 25% in the future. According to the technology platform, the most extensive range of services is the traditional fbdd, sbddd.
In addition, services such as hts, delts, etc., cover traditional new drug research and development-related services such as smart chemistry, and Vya biology, while the drug-sophisticated organisms focus on the development of big molecules and have dual resistance and adc drug research and development platforms, which provide some of the unique services that Conlon, Pharmacology, and Chengs are focusing on.
The range of services is much broader, with significant advantages over the other claves. In recent years, companies have been expanding new drug discovery platforms and increasing customer service capabilities, with the company building a dna code compound library (del) containing about 90 billion compound molecules, while launching del high flux screenings for global clients.
Selecting service packages, del reagent boxes delight, and co-sponsoring a delepen platform with many leading international academic institutions to confront academic institutions. In 2019, the company del platform was able to empower 110 global clients, including the top 20 pharmaceutical companies around the world.
The most advanced protac molecules in the world are currently in the clinical stage. Powder Condtor provides research and development services to companies that focus on protac technology, and in 2019 the company protac platform has already generated $474 million in revenues from biotechnology companies.
The drug analysis and testing service platform has a significant advantage and is expected to continue to grow robustly. The company’s drug analysis and testing suits are carried out through the Department of Testing, with headquarters in Shanghai and seven research and development centres in China and the United States.
Integrating api synthesis, formulation development, drug efficacy, drug substitution, safety evaluation, and declaration writing and transmission to speed up the process of developing new drugs for clients by providing them with a combination of new drug development and global declaration services.
The ddsu model will result in a sustained cash flow to companies as domestic innovations become marketable. Ddsu (National New Pharmacy Research and Development Services) companies provide domestic customers with a milestone split that includes future external authorizations for products and after products are marketed.
Pre-clinical integrated R & D services. As of the first half of 2020, 182 projects were under way, of which 84 were in the drug discovery and pre-clinical R & D phases, 32 in the ind phase, 33 in the cta phase, 54 in the clinical phase, 8 in the second phase and 1 in the three phases, respectively.
Over the years, the ddsu helper's in-kind project, which accounts for the share of China’s small molecules in the market for new medicines, has increased from 10% in 2015 to 19% in 2020h1, and is expected to rise further in the future. As domestic innovations are gradually marketed, the ddsu model is expected to generate a sustained cash flow to the company.
3.1.3 cdmo: Continued expansion of production capacity, promising to continue with rapid growth Corporate cdmo operations are carried out with subsidiaries based on the entire pharmaceutical industry and overall performance has continued to grow at a faster pace in recent years, revenue domestic cdmo leads, city share continues to rise. Global concentration in the cdmo industry is low and currently globally
Cdmo companies have more than 600, of which the leading company, Longsa Pharmaceuticals, had a market share of 6.6 per cent in 2019, followed by Samir, Contelrant, Union Quiroga and Bringeringham, with 3.9 per cent, 3.5 per cent and 1.9 per cent, respectively, and our Cdmo enterprises, which have been growing for a relatively short period of time, have a lower share of the global market.
With less than 10%, Cr4 is 21.7%, and its concentration is low, and it is expected to rise in the future. The entire pharmaceutical industry has now deployed five production R & D and production bases in high-bridge, Jiangsugu, etc., while companies already have advanced technology tools such as fluid chemical platforms, enzyme catalytic response, biocatalytic response, etc.
Services for the development and production of intermediates, raw materials medicines and preparations can be provided from the clinical stage to the commercialization stage.In early 2020, the company issued a targeted programme to raise $6.5 billion, the bulk of which is for the expansion of the capacity of the entire pharmaceutical industry, including the new pharmaceutical formulation development service for the non-coupled industry and the first phase of preparations production, and the production and development of new drugs in the Permanent State.
In recent years, the total drug industry has maintained a high level of fixed-asset investment, with fixed-asset (original value) from about billions in 2014, far higher than the industry ' s Kelleyin, Botten and Kyushu pharmaceutical industries.
It has remained above one, with a high utilization rate of fixed assets in the first line of the industry, higher than the Botten shares and Karen. The fast-growing fixed assets and the high utilization rate of fixed assets indicate that the company currently has a high capacity utilization rate ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In terms of the number of projects, the company ' s pre-cro capacity is strong, with projects leading to new clinical and commercial phases of cdmo operations through close collaboration with clients in the pre-clinic phase. In recent years, the company ' s cdmo operations have continued to grow rapidly and are in the process of pre-clinical, clinical and commercialization in the first half of 2020.
The mah system, the number of cooperative projects, is fast-growing, and the business of commercialization is growing with sufficient momentum. The whole industry is the first commissioning company to support approved innovations since the country’s mah pilot, the company’s mah project, Gono of the ceremonial medicine industry.
The company had 26 mah projects under way as of the first half of 2020, including four commercial production projects. With the rapid increase in the follow-up mah project and the continued listing of subsequent products, the number of company commercialization projects is expected to continue to grow and become commercial in the first half of 2020.
3.2 The global promise of cell and gene therapy is high, and the cdmo business is expected to burst, and the market for cell and fund therapy drugs is opening up and the industry is experiencing rapid growth opportunities. From 2015 to the present, there are 16 cells and gene therapy drugs on the market, two of which are well known as car-t products, yescarta and kymriah.
There are 1,069 clinical trials of cell and gene therapy at the clinical stage, of which 94 are in clinical three, of which there are 30, 16, 32 and 16, respectively, for gene therapy, genetically modified cell therapy, cell therapy and tissue engineering. According to the Global Alliance for Regeneration, by 2020 there will be 200 clinical batches of cell and gene therapy per year, and by 2025, America.
The global market for cell and gene therapy cdmo is growing rapidly. According to Arm's annual report 2019, ex-global regenerative medicine (including gene therapy, cell therapy using genetic engineering, cytotherapy and tissue engineering) is about to grow.
As many as 987, with $9.8 billion in financing in the field of cell and gene therapy in 2019, and with a large weight trade, the rapid development of gene and cell therapy has been accompanied by an increase in the size of the global cdmo market, from $800 million in 2015 to $1.9 billion in 2019, which is expected to continue at a growth rate of more than 25 per cent in the future.
At the end of the year, the company provided cdmo services for 31 clinical phase cell and gene therapy projects, including 23 i-procedures and 8 ii/iii clinical pilot projects, mainly through the United States Holding Company, which was part of the global market in 2019.
8.4% is the fifth largest in the industry. The cdmo of cellular and gene therapy in the United States is still growing. In January 2020, the company expanded its adrenaline-related virus integrated suspended development platform in Philadelphia, United States, with 500 litres and 1,000 litres of bioreactors expected to be operational by the third quarter of 2020.
The company’s own cdmo business was developed late, and is now located at the Shanghai research and development base, the tin-free research and development base and the tin-free gmp production base, and has been growing fast in the last two years. In 2019, two projects by the company’s domestic partner, Biotech (Tianjin), were successfully declared in China for the first time: August 2019, the company and the Shanghai Jins biotech.
In November 2019, the company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with genemedicine, the Korea Genetic Therapy Biological Company, to provide the services needed to cover the development, production and fda clinical trial declaration of somatic virus products for key research and development projects in genemedicine.
Figure 48: Taking advantage of rapid industrial development opportunities, establishing a leading position — laboratory and production in China for 31 clinical stages of cellular and genetic management — Inc.
Base, for the first time, the help partner co-executed the cdmo project, which included 23 i-procedural trials, and the two source organisms project, which was successful in China.
• Project for testing and 8 11/111 clinical pilot projects. • Strategic collaboration with the former Sea Jins Biology to expand the gland-related virus I in Philadelphia, United States
A protocol to provide clients with a platform that includes a soluble virus in vitro suspended culture.
And 1,000 litres of bioreactors will be developed and produced in therapeutic viral carriers, and will be operational in the third quarter of 2020.
Strategic cooperation agreement with genemedicine, a Korea gene therapy biology company, to increase revenue by 30 per cent per year in 2019 for genemedicine's key research.
The project provides the services needed to cover the development, production and declaration of clinical trials of soluble virus products.
Cdmo, which is relatively large, has maintained a steady overall growth in performance, with lower rates of growth in 2018, mainly due to a client-adjusted outsourcing strategy for medical devices, and a return to a faster growth rate of $1.56 billion in 2019, or 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The Māori rate has also remained relatively high overall, with the Māori rate remaining essentially at 30 per cent, except in 2018.
Over the above, it is expected that the company's cell and gene therapy cdmo will lead industry development and continue to grow at a high rate. 3.3 Clinical co-services continue to be configured, and are expected to contribute to greater performance elasticity. Clinical co-occupancy is large and market space is wide. Clinical cro takes over the world cro in 2018.
The market share is about 66%, drug discovery is about 20% and precro is about 14%, respectively, and the breakdowns are largely stable due to the maturity of overseas medicine research and development. The distribution of the Chinese cro market is slightly different from the international cro market, with early detection, preclinic cro and clinical cro 19%, 26% and cro, respectively, in 2018.
Fifty-five per cent, compared to overseas, are late in the start of the country’s innovative medicines, most of which are now concentrated in pre-clinical conditions, and are expected to increase gradually as research and development progresses. The global clinical market has grown from US$ 21.8 billion in 2013 to US$ 365 billion in 2019, compounding.
The billion yen grew to 55.3 billion yuan in 2019, with a 24.7 per cent compound increase, and it is expected that our clinical market will continue to grow at a 20 per cent rate in the future with the gradual increase in clinical work from overseas and the gradual move of domestic research and development into the clinical phase.
Clinical cro continues to accelerate its deployment, based in China, to the global level. The company’s clinical cro operations, which consist mainly of clinical testing services (cds) and on-site management services (smo), have grown relatively late, but at a very rapid pace, with almost national coverage in the country based on several cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Wuhan, with a total of 860 people in 2020q1 companies.
Over 500 clinical test sites were covered, with the number of crcs in 2020q1 reaching 2,600, providing clinical centre management services in more than 900 hospitals in more than 135 cities across the country, which will continue to expand in the future. At the same time, the company entered the United States market through mergers and acquisitions, first acquiring the United States Clinical Cro in 2018.
Researchpointglobal, which enhances the capacity of U.S.-American clinical trial services for innovative drugs for domestic and foreign clients, acquired the clinical research data analysis service pharmapace inc, California, United States, in May 2019, to further enhance the clinical research services for cross-border data statistics.
Thanks to the rapid development of the domestic market for clinical trials of new medicines, the quality, size and capacity of the company’s clinical coro and smo services have increased significantly, and the number of clients and orders have grown rapidly. The current clinical laboratory portfolio is making a small contribution to the company’s operations and has great potential for the future. In 2019, the company’s clinical research and other coro services generated 1.06 billion yuan in revenues, compared to the same year.
The Division has continued to accelerate its profile in the area of clinical coro, and its performance is expected to maintain high growth and provide greater resilience to corporate performance as a whole. Assumption 1: the company is the leader of the world’s precro, there is a steady increase in international research and development of innovative medicines, domestic innovation, rapid development of drug research and development, a steady increase in demand for preclinical drug discovery and drug analysis testing services, and the company’s precro
Assumption 2: the current global cdmo shift to our country is accelerating, domestic research and development of innovative medicines is developing rapidly, the share of small and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies is rising rapidly, the demand for outsourcing is rising rapidly, companies are leading the cdmo field as small molecules, and it is possible to assume that 3: cell and gene therapy cdmo have a vast space for business, and the company is now in a leading position in the industry.
For medical equipment detection services, the company integrates and strengthens its management of sales and operations, actively expands the new client base and effectively improves the success rate of client contracts, and is expected to maintain a stable medical device detection service.
A 20% growth is expected over the next three years. The company’s rapid deployment in the clinical area, the number of cities and hospitals covered in the country, has steadily increased, while entering the United States market through M&As, and has begun to develop high-māori data and statistics operations, which are expected to continue to grow at a high rate as the company’s rapid deployment in the clinical field is expected to continue to grow, with clinical coverage projected for 2020-2022.
2. The non-leveraging factor is 0.93; we have selected the four companies that are the most closely related to the business in the industry, namely, Conlong, Tsingo, Tag and Kaleyn, with an average of 92 times the average of four companies in 2020 and 70 times the average of 2021. The company is Cxo.
(b) Industry leaders, with higher barriers in terms of customer resources, enabling platforms, talent advantages, while corporate performance is growing 1) the risk of increased or less than expected growth in the R & D outsourcing services industry; and) the risk of the project not progressing as expected;
3) the risk of volatility in the return on outward investment; 4) the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, which have not been, and will not be, compensated, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.