The company's main car-light assembly is a domestic private leader whose share is second only to that of China.
Good trades: The motor lighting industry has been accompanied by technological advances in electric, intelligent, etc., and the asp (mono-value) has continued to rise.
A step-by-step upgrade of the car lamp, the company’s adb lamp is already in production in red flags, and is expected to be replicated. Good companies: 24% compound growth over the last 10 years, 24% annual growth in management operations, customer services, and industry-wide chains.
In the immediate vicinity of Changzhou (the country's largest spotlight manufacturing industry congregate), beyond peer-to-peer supply chain management capacity to achieve high turnover efficiency; customer service capacity, based on technology, to provide faster response services to households; industry-wide chain layout, with research and development systems covering headlights, modelling, etc.
A good pattern: higher prices for foreign capital than for products, better response to services, and greater advantages than internal capital in terms of size and technology. Companies break out of a very strong pattern, position themselves in the country’s penis, and continue to expand their share.
Foreign capital ratios, where corporate cost and management advantages lead to high value-for-money products and rapid response to client services; compared to internal capital, where firms are ahead in terms of technology and size, where they capture high-quality customer resources, and where in-house cars and light companies receive $1 billion in size, it is hard to make a profit and the laggards are harder to catch up.
The share of solar customers has increased: (2) dividends from the growth in the sales of domestic capital brands, such as red flags: (3) additional adb biglight projects; and (4) expansion of overseas markets. Currently, this year, the company has completed phase II of its Smart Manufacturing Industrial Park, pilot production in Serbian factories, and expansion of capacity is entering the harvest period.
The company's net return profit is $141.17.9.22.1 billion, or 20% of the compound growth rate in three years. We give Qiu Wai the risk of rising raw materials: chip shortages ease the risk less than expected: overseas factory orders are lower than expected.
Automobile lights, occupying the middle- and upper-end markets in the country, auto-lights, entering the middle- and high-end brands of a single gas, solar system, etc., were created in 1993 to produce the assembly of the main car lights. In 1999, the company made a breakthrough in sales.
In the same year, in order to be able to obtain a single-breath order, the company invested $80 million to upgrade the equipment for the passenger car appliance, and in 2000 the company officially became a single-breath supplier. In 2006, the company's turnover exceeded $300 million. The company continued to expand its German and Japanese joint brands and autonomous brands, and its revenue regulations.
In 2020, the company achieved revenue of $7.323 billion, resulting in a net profit of $1,160 million for its mother, with a high share of forward and post-combined lights and a greater profitability. The company ' s car-light business consisted mainly of forward lamps, post-combined lamps, fog lamps, and other lamps.
About 35-40% of fog lamps earn about 10% of their income and about 20% of other lamps. There is also a slight difference in profitability, with the Māori rate for front and back-shut lamps being about 25-30%, the traditional small lamps (including fog lamps) about 15-20% and the atmosphere around 20%.
The growth in corporate income is driven mainly by both volume and price dimensions, with sales growing mainly from the expansion of clients, and average prices rising mainly from the upgrading of vehicle lighting technology: halogen lamps and smart led lamps (including afsadaptive frontlighting system,
With regard to front lights, the company’s forward lights revenue grew 13.9 times in 2009–19, and the overall sale of headlights, sales of which grew nearly twice as much (12.8 times), with the price of the headlights raised as a result of the led’s higher penetration rate.
Between 2009 and 2019, a 4.9-fold increase in lighting sales was achieved. Zhang (8.2-fold); in addition, the ledification of post-combined lamps also resulted in an increase in unit prices (2.3-fold). Fog lamps and their lamps grew 5.7- and 10.1-fold, respectively, in 2009-09, mainly from sales.
From the company’s client structure, the company entered a steam system (one for the public, one for the Toyota) earlier, and one for the company’s basic business. After the 2011 market, the company stepped up its investment in the Japanese system and other manufacturers, and in 2011-2013 it broke through the East Wind, Hironoto, Toyota, Toyota, Toyota, and Toyoshi.
For example, Fumimoto is a joint venture client, often with a relatively low Māori light, and the Māori rate continues to decline in 2010-2016. After 2015, it entered the harvest period, 2017-2019, with the Hwang Toyota and East Fukugi entering the top five clients of the company, and the Māori rate has gradually progressed since 2016.
Figure 6: Average unit price of company headlights ($/foot) 41% shareholding of the real owner Xiaoping Xiaoping
Equity, in addition to indirectly holding 3.84 per cent of the company ' s shares through SONG ' s investment (Chou Xiaoping and his father ' s shareholding together), together holding 40.96 per cent of the company ' s shareholdings.
Teacher, Head of Department, Vice-Chancellor, Jiangsu Mujin Health School, July 1997; Director of the Starbucks Light Factory, February 1993-November 2001; Founding Director of the Company, 2000.
(a) The path to the development of the lamp: technological upgrading leads to a asp upgrade; the lights involve appearance; the oem manufacturer is frequently updated; the pressure is lower every year. The lamp is a very important part of the car, and it needs to be developed in close collaboration with the oem manufacturer.
In this case, the lamp is an important element of the upgrade of the model and is updated more frequently, which results in an average annual decrease in the price of the lamp being lower than that of other parts (the constant parts in the life cycle of the vehicle will face annual decreases; the updated parts will be re-pricinged and the more frequent parts will be upgraded with a smaller overall annual decrease).
In light-source technology, there were Hid, Led, and, in 2008, laser-sourced lights. Each light-source technology upgrade was accompanied by performance improvements in light intensity, durability, lighting, etc., and reduced energy consumption.
With the technological upgrading of the lamp, the value of the carlight back-to-back (asp) has increased, from $1200-1800 for the halogen lamp to $2,800-3800 for the led lamp. Safety requires upgrading, afs from the front-light system and adb from the remote light system (adb)
Afs consists of four parts: sensors, electronic control units (ecu), carlight control systems, and front lights. When you work, sensors, including angle sensors, speed sensors, transmit signals through the control local area network (can), and ecu is processed.
After the data is available, the front-light turn command is sent to the headlight control system to turn the headlights in the appropriate angle. The main function of the adb is to improve the safety of the night-time car and protect pedestrians. The adb technology is to take images from the head of the vehicle and enter the image signal, and the system can determine the location and distance of the vehicle from the front.
Send it to the front-car lighting system and convert it to action on and off the led matrix. Therefore, adb automatically adjusts the light-out area during meetings to avoid showing off. Adb single-cars are two times the value of the light (adb about 1500-2000/only, led about 800-1000/only) and enter one.
Technology sense, personalization, and the need for a light for the atmosphere. As a product of decorating cars and bakery, it gradually spreads from high-end to middle-stage.
Breathing, music, etc... With car electricization, intelligence, more car models use the atmosphere light as a selling point, e.g., id.4 front, tail, outer atmosphere, id.welcome smart welcome system: aryl001 dynamic fluid 64-colour atmosphere lights: geometryapro with 72-colour light groups, level 10 cold.
The market space: the domestic market of 50 billion, with sustained compound growth; the domestic market of 50 billion headlights, with complex growth of 5-6% over the next 10 years; and the global market of 150 billion headlines, complex.
1 - In the light, by 2020, general led, adb, thorium, halogen penetration rates were 60 per cent, 1 per cent, 10 per cent and 29 per cent, respectively, while led penetration rates were gradually increased and the penetration rates of haloline and thorium lamps were gradually declining; 4 - The combined increase in domestic vehicle sales was maintained at 4.0 per cent and the combined increase in global vehicle sales at 2 per cent.
Carlight assembly: at the industrial chain terminal, the odm led industrial chain with R & D, design, services consists mainly of: led chip, encapsulation, module, controller, carlight assembly, etc. led chip: technical Japanese chemistry (the company where the Blue light inventor is), lumieds,
Oram and others are relatively leading, and the internal PV is a national leader, catching up with technology and encapsulating at scale: wrap the led chip into fluorescent powder, lenses, etc.
One third of the market share of the global mass car system. The led module: a packaged led (light bead) and a controller, other electronic components, will be assembled on pcb boards to form a module.
Carlight assembly: in collaboration with the mainframe plant, design the shape and function of the car light, taking into account, inter alia, radiation, optical path, useful life, etc., and organically integrating components such as led modules, mirrors, lamps, etc.
The lights are assembled at the end of the industrial chain, and the Māori rate is at the bottom of the industrial chain. From the point of view of the industrial chain, the headlights in which the stock of the Star is assembled, the Māori rate is below the middle of the industrial chain, below the osram (led chip), Koboda (light controller), co-ops and electronics (pcb board), and Woodlinson (led seal).
Nearer, than the Led module. From the Māori ratio point of view, the technical barriers to the light assembly chain are not upstream chips or high controllers; however, they are tied directly downstream to the main plant and still have some bargaining power to maintain around 25% Māori.
In the industrial chain, higher R & D spending is on OSRAM (led chip), followed by Kobuda (controlr), and the sarcophagus shares in the light assembly chain are downstream in the industry. Company clients are relatively good, with the top five accounting for over 60% of clients.
The engine plant, of which 50 per cent (2020h1) is a populist and toyota is the company ' s most important customer; the top five clients of the company always account for more than 60 per cent, on the one hand, and the top five end-of-service sales on the other hand, as a result of the larger number of customers and on the other hand, the company ' s binding of high-quality customers.
Figure 24: Corporate customer structure (2020h1) Figure 25: The top five clients of the company account for a relatively high proportion of raw materials/income close to 60% and belong to the manufacturing industry odm. The Māori rate is stable in terms of the company’s cost structure
The cost is only 10% of the revenue, and the lighting assembly is not a business model that is labour-intensive or heavy assets, nor is it an area with particularly high technical barriers, but is a typical odm segment. The controller and pcbboard are the core suppliers.
Producers (Koboda, some of the mainframe plants will designate control providers), pcb boards (cooperatives and electronics), both of which have a relatively high Māori ratio, which is around 35%. Other suppliers, such as plastic materials, processors, etc., are relatively well supplied, companies have more bargaining power, and suppliers are more decentralized.
Core competitiveness: home-grown quality services, permanent state industry packages, R & D and quality control Breaking a super-higher pattern in the country and continuing to expand its share
China’s vision (formerly small Shanghai) shows a certain competitive advantage because of its early start and high start in the domestic market, which consists mainly of large-scale cars such as Shanghai People, Shanghai General, Toyota, etc. The market share is ahead of other firms. “How powerful” refers to foreign investors such as Stanley, Changchun Haira, and Fareo City Light in Guangzhou.
Industry and larger-scale domestic firms represented by the stockholdings of Starwoo. After the rapid growth of recent years, the stockholdings of Starwoo have broken a super-highly competitive pattern, moving beyond joint ventures to position the country’s penis (after China’s global market foreign capital controls, with less than 5% of the share of Starwoo’s shares).
Largely dominated by foreign leaders, domestic firms, such as the overall market share of the shares of Starwoo, are still at a low level (less than 5 per cent) and are in the process of increasing their share of the domestic stock, with the share of overseas income being relatively low (less than 5 per cent) and not yet large-scale
Compared to FDI: the value of a product is higher than that of a customer, and the value of a company is higher than that of a service provider. From R & D inputs, the S.A. shares differ from the high R & D inputs of Hewlett (higher R & D inputs, accounting for about 10% of income), and the S.O.I. shares are more like Japanese firms.
It's not as high as Hewlett, but the top five clients of the company, such as the general public, a gas-rich field, an East wind-rich, a gas-rich Toyota, and others, show better acceptance in terms of the quality of the company's products, its technological capabilities, and so on.
Compared to the Snack, Snack's Mäori ratio is higher than Snack's 4-7 percentage points, mainly (1) that Snack accounts for a portion of R & D costs as operating costs; (2) that Snack's production base in the global layout, where raw materials costs are higher than domestic (60-66 per cent of the cost of Snack's shares).
From the point of view of the rate, the smaller share in Starwoo has a relative advantage of more than four points, largely due to a higher Māori rate. The higher Māori and net interest rates in Starwoo’s share have enabled companies to offer products that are higher than their value for money in the face of competition from foreign companies.
Figure 34: The Mäori ratio of carlight companies is more efficient than that of other domestic zero companies. In terms of asset turnover, companies are about the world's top and bottom, and overseas lights are about 40 days old.
The percentage is much higher than that of overseas car-light companies, mainly because of the fact that, in the course of the company ' s development of new products, the lamp-models are certified by the ppap (production approval process) and the development cycle is longer (in inventory). The company ' s accounts receivable has a better working days than foreign companies (about 15 days less than foreign companies).
There is a gap of about 50 days between companies and foreign companies. Compared to other domestic automobile parts and components companies, i.e., considering the impact of pap, the company’s business cycle is still at a better level than the industry.
Figure 38: Product/stock ratio Figure 40: Number of days of business cycle of CarLight Company Figure 41: Number of days of business cycle of Steam Zero Company
The foundation of a strong supply chain management capacity: the strong chain of lights around Changzhou is underpinned. From supply chain management, the company’s raw materials are in stock for less than two weeks, far less than comparable companies in the lighting industry. The company’s supply chain management is relatively strong, related to the company’s own enterprise’s management capacity on the one hand, and the state on the other.
The number of manufacturing companies that screen the lights from their research, Changzhou (including the towns and rivers, which are bordering each other) accounts for 40% of the country, while the number of people in the industry (as insured persons replace them) accounts for 17% of the country, compared to 47% in Jiangsu province and 30% in Jiangsu province.
This is also an important reason for companies to put more of their production capacity locally. The layout of the whole industry chain reduces production costs.
Design and development capabilities such as machines, molds, etc., and nationally recognized laboratories form a complete autonomous R & D system, and the company’s whole-sector chain layout further reduces the production costs of lamps.
In addition, in 2020, the company issued a transferable debt collection of billions and $580 million to further strengthen the company’s ability to integrate the whole industry chain. Compared to internal capital: technology and size are ahead, and competitors have less margin for profit.
The domestic market has a favourable competitive position with regard to the shares in the domestic market, where the insider in front of the company has only a Chinese vision, but the Chinese view is a national company, and there are no private enterprises in terms of incentives, and revenue has been declining for the last three years, while the shares in the same market have been growing steadily.
It is difficult to keep making a profit because of small size, poor customer resources, and competitive incentives. For example, a led chip that relies on PV3 is cut into the light market and, while earning $800-90 million, it is on the verge of a loss; even if size advantages are removed, the share in Starwoo in 2010 is $870 million.
A net interest rate of $137 million, 15.7%, and a stable net interest rate of 13-15% for many years. Hong Li Ji-hwan bought the so-called So-hoon lights in 2017, earning nearly $200 million in three years, and continuing to lose for three years.
Other small and medium-sized car-light companies are under more competitive pressure and income levels of $1 billion are still difficult to stabilize
In 2011, the company launched its equity stimulus programme, covering 126 people from the company’s core executives, middle and middle managers, and technical cadres, and awarded shares for the first time.
In 2015, the company launched a three-year employee-equity scheme, which included 1.35 million shares donated by the realist Xiaoping, and three employee-equity schemes that were sold and profitable (about $100 million).
With good incentives, corporate executives are very stable. There is still much room for upscaling at home and abroad, for expansion into the harvest period, for the growth of the stars: joint ventures in the solar system, autonomous brands, and space for overseas markets.
Assuming that the vehicle lamp volume of most of the vehicles in 2020 is based on $2,200 (a red flag is properly adjusted for the higher asp), we measure the share of the star stock among the different customers (the difference in the light allocation value of the different cars is significant and the share of the calculation is only for reference purposes).
Analysis of the growth space of the domestic market for the share of the stock of the stock of the stars from a client ' s perspective: one-breeding system: one-breeding public, one-breeding Toyota, etc., with a relatively high proportion of company support within the one-system, and other solar systems: East Wind, East Feng Honda, Hiroshima Honda, Hiro Moto Toyota, etc.
Autonomous brands: the company and Chirre have been working together for a long time, and the penetration rate has been limited; the company's share in the Great Wall system is not expected to be too high under the Great Wall car flag of Mande. The company entered the Gilly system in 2017, and there is still room for upscaling of the Volvo system; the company's share in a single red flag.
In 2014, companies were evaluated by German BMW suppliers; 2016
The company is actively expanding its capacity. In 2017, in response to potential domestic and foreign demand for new orders, the company used constant state intelligence to build industrial parks, factories in Foshan, factories in Serbia and to climb production capacity.
The company’s performance is typical of the order-driven type, and the lights are often pre-positioned according to the market environment and the customer’s pattern (which the company has done in the last four years) with the customer’s vehicle type.
In the city, the company ' s capacity utilization rate was released, driving performance growth. 77.6 per cent, therefore, tracking forecasts of the sales of the company ' s major large counterpart models and changes in the share of car lamps, sales of new and increased models and asp were able to better track forecasts of changes in customers ' income.
With regard to Māori, the cost side: the share of corporate raw materials, labour and manufacturing costs in income is about 65 per cent, 4 per cent and 7.5 per cent, respectively, with the larger share of raw materials being mainly electronic components (20H1 as against 27 per cent), and the application of new technologies such as lamps will significantly enhance the use of car lightsasp.
3. New vehicle-type orders, such as land, pride, Mercedes glc, one-air mass id series, measure future incremental income from model sales, asp and shares, and assume that the world of Nissan and Madheda, among others, contributed to the performance in 2023.
4. In terms of cost structure, assuming a similar increase in the cost of electronic components in 2021 and a decline in the Māori rate (businesses and suppliers generally consult annually on procurement volumes and prices, but with higher price increases, 5 non-carlight revenues and Māori rates will remain at 2020 levels.
Investment recommendations: The good car light company, with a capacity expansion of 3.3 times the harvest period and a combined rate of 35%. The Māori rate and net interest rate continue to rise, with profits growing faster than revenues.
Advances in technology, such as capacity-building, have continued to rise; good patterns: companies have a clear advantage over domestic and foreign competitors and are expected to increase their market share even further; good companies: after a year of substantial capital spending expansion, the expansion cycle is nearing completion, and the harvest is nearing completion. We give it to the company.
The company’s share of raw materials in revenue is about 65%, mainly electronic components, car-light electronics, plastic materials, etc. If the price of raw materials continues to rise, it will further erode the company’s Māori rate of water and the shortage of chips reduces the risk for less than expected time.
The second quarter is expected to be more severe than the first quarter, but the third and fourth quarter is expected to slow down. But if the chip shortage improves less than expected, it will further affect the production of the mainframe plant, thus affecting the company's lighting ring and the risk of overseas factory orders being lower than expected.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market indicates that: