China Chemical (601117.sh) buy-in (first rating) Higher oil prices contributed to the recovery of the industrial chain and performance into the V-type recovery corridor Higher crude oil prices continued to catalyze the climate of the petrochemical industry chain and coal-chemists/refining/offshore orders recovered: 1)
The price of ice oil rose from $28 at the beginning of 2016 to a peak of $80 last week; subject to demand recovery + geo-stress + production reduction between Russia and Oec, we remain optimistic about the increase in oil prices in 2018, and the petrochemical sector will recover further as oil prices rise.
Refining: According to our statistics, the country is currently investing more than 1.36 trillion in private refining projects being built/to be built, of which 57 per cent are owned by private companies, and the company has been ordered 4.1 billion yuan. As the government liberalizes the private sector into the refining market, the company is expected to further increase its share of the domestic refining market.) Coalification: XIII
The Five Plans indicate productive capacity by 2020: 12 million tons of coal oil, 20 billion cubic metres of coal natural gas, 16 million tons of coal-based yetene hydrocarbons, 6 million tons of coal-based ethanol, and wide scope for coal-chemicals, which are expected to increase economically as oil prices rise further. 4) Overseas operations: projected globally in 2018
(a) In August 2017, the company appointed Dai and Chen to be the new Chairman of the Board of Directors, with extensive experience in managing its operations and a strong youth; restructuring of its operations + the new Division, with a 29 per cent/210 per cent increase in the single capital/environmental contract in 2017 and a wave of entry into chemical industries
In China, companies are expected to gain a larger market share. 3) China ' s chemical engineering by controlling shareholders in the company has accelerated the synergy of business restructuring through the transfer of shares, the completion of the release of $3.5 billiona in debt serviceable shares, and the transfer of 7.75 yuan in equity, as well as the successful implementation of strategic restructuring of the Shandong Roads Construction Group.
Billion, expected loss of value for Sichuan pta is over. The company has lost value through a large scale in 2016/17.
1. Chemical engineering: a combination of qualifications, talent and technological advantages, combined with a strong global recognition of chemical engineering as a leader in the industry. 1) China ' s Chemical Engineering Unit
Founded in September 2008 with the approval of the State Committee of the State Council and with the approval of China ' s chemical engineering industry.