The company was founded in 1993 and lasts for more than 30 years.
It has become the fourth largest and largest integrated logistics service provider in China and Asia. 1) Firms are firmly ahead of time looking for a differentiated course of input, growing from business poles to integrated logistics platform-type companies. 2) A direct-camp model of high-control and enforcement, excellent quality, multi-connected, business-style transformational support network re-emerges.
3) Independent third-party logistics pipeline, with a high share-holding ratio of founders, with no major power platform holding or equity participation, to ensure that companies have a strong top-down strategic continuity. Core express delivery operations: the statute of limitations chassis is solid, and economic benefits are improved. 1) statute of limitations: barriers are high,
The first curve is expected to rise again. Affordable, multi-year time-limited products, continued construction of high-frequency sub-operational models and straight-line systems, high supply-side barriers, and the creation of corporate monopoly in high-end software markets.
The market for high-end economic couriers has improved the average cost of tickets, and Māori has been transformed. Multi-faceted logistics operations: multi-track layout, eco-programming. 1) Fast transport: trillion market pattern optimization, yellow crane
For the first time in the year, the loss was reversed, profits were accelerated in 2023, and income and time limits are now first and foremost. 2) Cold transport and medicine are long-standing, waiting for profit points. The standard cold-chain solutions offered by companies are rare.
It is difficult to start a new business at once, and there is a lot of room for growth in the future. 3) The three killers, who are “full, accurate,” and “stable,” are quick to promote rapid growth.
Supply chain and international operations: breaking out of the sea, building a second growth curve. 1) International recall: International industry \triangleright has a high profit margin. China’s express-transit logistics is already strong.
Internal operations have a higher profit margin for international operations. 2) Strengthening key core node resources, and enhancing network layout. Companies continue to strengthen aviation network planning, clearing resource construction, upgrading end-of-end local couriers, and upgrading international courier services. 3) Allowing Carrie: Acquisition of Gary Logistics expands growth space.
Australasia airport: Internal upgrading of products, external enhancement of network coverage. 1) Enabling domestic operations: Auxiliary upscaling of the time frame network and promoting first-curve ups. The creation of a network structure of the Axle airport and the Axis will make a significant difference to the statute of limitations in terms of low-cost reduction, increased timeliness, increased stability, and increased concentration of industries.
2) Enabling international operations: interconnecting with the international community. The Orzhou airport uses the axle irradiation network to disperse, and the hub role is fully released as important to opening up supply chains and international business imagination.
1 Integrated logistics leader, forward-looking multi-dimensional growth. Houthi Holdings was created in 1993 as a representative of China's earliest private couriers and, over the past 30 years, has become China's largest and fourth largest global integrated logistics service provider in Asia and China.
Login a, which was officially listed at Hong Kong Union House in 2024, became the first “a+h” company in the domestic express logistics industry to develop a continuous service capacity and product system around the logistics ring, extending to time-bound express, economic express, express, cold and medical, instantaneous distribution from city to city, international express, international freight and freight forwarders, supply
Logistics blocks such as chains can provide customers with domestic and international end-to-end one-stop supply chain services. 1.1 Development journey: from business taps to integrated logistics platform-type companies.
The search for identity and the choice of systems and market segments around the year 2000 have created a divide between smooth and tradable couriers. A smooth forward-looking investment in differentiated paths has led to remarkable development achievements, now being a leading market leader for high-end domestic couriers, a multi-logistics leader, a pioneer in international logistics, and an economic courier explorer.
The course of corporate development is divided into four main phases: completion of a straight-up transformation to lay the foundation for a high-quality network service for the emergence of business poles. Phase II (2003-2013): maintenance of high-end track while testing of hydropower for new areas
Phase III (2014-2020): A firm start to diversification strategy, the transformation of integrated logistics service providers, a time-bound broad-protective operation, in-house incubation of heavy cargo cold chains with city operations, external M & A purchases of supply chains and international operations, and re-entry into the electronics vendor track.
4) Phase IV (2021-present): The business tone has shifted from high-speed development to high-quality development, high-end logistics in the domestic focus, the scale effects of mitigation efficiency mining, the international creation of a second growth curve, the integration of Garry, the release of synergies, the enhancement of domestic product capacity at Orzhou Airport, and the enhancement of international network coverage.
Figure 1: Development of the business model of Consistency Holdings 1.2: A straight-line model of high-control and executive power, excellent in quality Re-engineering winds that take over from the south, flourishing in the important manufacturing base of the Pearl Triangle, initial express delivery
The demand is mainly for the transfer of contracts and instruments between Hong Kong and Hong Kong, which are more profitable and demanding for the quality of services, setting the tone for a smoother and better-quality business. In the early days of China’s express delivery industry, prosperity was also achieved through a highly autonomous form of unionization and reliance.
But this decentralization of the market has led to business service and managerial maladies. Around 2000, Wang Wei began to withdraw his union rights after careful consideration, and completed a direct transformation in 2002.
1.2.1 The straight-line model ensures full control of the business chain. The straight-line features are clear, with all vehicles, equipment, premises, personnel from the main-line transport network, distribution centres, end-of-end network points located within the camp network system. The advantage is that the company can be effective in any connection.
Services and cost control, not only cost factors, but also end-of-pipe dispatchers and networks, and companies can balance services and profits, but costs Focusing on the straight-line model not only significantly improves operational efficiency and quality of service, but achieves a comparison with peers.
More single profits, more user satisfaction (first in the 15th consecutive year of the National Postal Service ' s Express Service Satisfaction), strong and more marked corporate branding, and, more importantly, prosperity, with invaluable autonomy, provide the key foundation for the rapid adjustment and implementation of subsequent development strategies.
Companies have been able to purchase large numbers of aircraft to build China’s largest private fleet of cargo aircraft, as well as a larger network of smart logistics networks, with little borrowing of other investment capital. Figure 3: 2023q3 score better than industry par excellence in key service indicators
Figure 2: Diagram of the straight camp model: the full-chain interest goal is the same (unit: number of appeals/millions of express items of business) 1.2.2 International round-up: straight-line model vs
Looking at the international express delivery market, the three largest players, Dhl,ups and Fedex, all of them, are managed in a straight-line fashion in the global network. By building the global network, the three majors have networked in more than 200 countries and territories, and are expanding their product matrices and transforming integrated logistics suppliers.
In the 1980’s, dhl, for example, went through a process of fast-changing assets. When dhl was created, 80% of the international couriers were document-based, and such letters were shipped by air.
Empty passenger baggage is transported, and companies are flexible in their approach to the rapid expansion of markets and the rapid occupation of more than 50% of international markets, using light assets. After 1985, the widespread use of fax machines threatened dhl document transport operations. At the same time, with the transfer of global industries, international logistics under the transnational production model
Demand growth accelerated, international couriers shifted to service- and timeliness-based delivery of manufactured packages, and both Fedex and ups were entering the market using heavy asset models, with increased competition, and the previously established network of allies was no longer pre-emptive in the face of changes in market attributes, with headquarters companies choosing to deploy their main lines and charter ships.
By the end of the 1990’s, international courier operations at dhl’s core had been fully in-lined to ensure the timeliness of the service in response to competition. Figure 4: dhl went through a “companiment camp” in the 1980’s.
(a) The development of the International Express Market, which we believe has not changed significantly for many years as the three major international couriers and the ems in the framework of UPU have not been able to flourish, making it difficult for newly-entered Federated Express enterprises to break through the existing pattern and capture market shares;
2) High labour costs, relatively sound unemployment security systems in developed countries in Europe and the United States, the low-cost labour expansion patterns relied on by allied couriers, and greater challenges in cost control; 3) Possible business models for allied couriers and local legal, cultural and market environments
4) The branding of countries’ federated couriers is not very high in the international courier market, and the low coverage of international networks determines that network value is low, synergy is difficult to demonstrate, and replication is difficult. The competitive advantages and disadvantages of both fast-line and unionized service systems will not be available in the foreign market in the short term.
Direct services are better standardized to meet the needs of consumers pursuing their services, and they still dominate the international express delivery market. The alliance system is not without ground, and it enables fast delivery firms to network more rapidly in large and large countries, with small asset inputs and rapid diffusion (for example, the second largest in the world).
In India, a large population country, the business model’s successful express delivery firm, Delhivery, received $30 million in private equity investment from the Chinese Restar Group in May 2017, and was successfully listed in 2022), meeting the needs of some of the more price-sensitive consumers. But for logistics aimed at building connectivity to Asia-Pacific, the radiation world.
For carrier couriers, a more standardized, time-bound and secure straight-up model is more conducive to maximizing the release of value on the basis of vast assets, leading to an increase in the return on capital.
The essential elements of the supply capacity of the express delivery network are: assets, resources, network organizations, which are the most central elements. The direct network is much more expensive to lay than the federated network, which has been developed more by private couriers, and the smooth network is scarce in high-end markets. How can this scarce direct network be used to avoid weakness?
With the shift from 2021 to 2022, the idea of a systematic transformation and evolution of this 30-year network has been raised.
Since 2021, the four-net accommodation has been upgraded to multi-net accommodation in 2023, and now multi-net accommodation is now in the normal business phase. Companies are constantly working on the generalization of network accommodation initiatives and expanding opportunities to tap into new business resources, and business-conciliation linkages are gradually being piloted and managed.
From the point of opportunity to the point where opportunities have deepened to the point where resources should be made more efficient, savings on additional inputs, expansion of operational service coverage, etc.
In 2022, the company moved from “operate” to “operate” thinking, moving the entire network business model forward, based on business-to-end-process optimization, emphasizing a board of game-wide business planning, horizontal integration of resources of multiple industry networks, integrated planning, vertically and with a global perspective, operating trans-shipment end-to-end resources, to achieve
More scientific network planning and precision of resource inputs. Transport end: feeder lines reduce temporary capacity ratios; trunk lines update bid procurement standards, look more at bilateral round-trip routes, and reduce carrier costs to win-win.
Reciprocal end: mode adjustment, automation upgrade, increasing the particle size of the transit field, direct distribution to individual couriers, increasing the efficiency of the sorting. End: node mistization, optimization of network redundant managers, promotion of end-of-pipe self-management, improvement of express delivery
Autonomous mobility; straight lines, straight lines, reduced number of returns of courier “distribution centres — sending stations” and increased outreach efficiency, while saving more time for face-to-face marketing. 1.3 Equity structure: independent third-party logistics express tap
Mr. Wang Wei, the founder, indirectly owns about 53.31% of the company’s shares through Mind’s holdings, which are slightly less hyped than other listed couriers, guaranteeing that the founder has absolute control over the company.
Management and key staff members hold 1.63% of the total stock through the SMP. Figure 6: Sufficiency Holdings Structure (as of 28 April 2025) Companies do not depend on a single platform, do not hold or participate in a large power platform. Suffice is an independent third-party logistics process.
Fast-forward, relatively independent corporate equity structures, on the one hand, help companies to build synergies with a wider client community, on the other hand, and on the other hand, help companies to deepen their level of cooperation with clients and enhance the integration of logistics and business flows.
During the year, domestic firms continued to build up product competitiveness, benefiting internationally from the rise in international shipping freight costs and the increase in the volume of goods, stability and air transport demand, achieving operating income of 28,44.20 billion yuan, compared with +10.07 per cent, net return to the mother of 10,170 million yuan, compared with +23.51 per cent, and continued growth in endogenous profitability.
At present, courier operations remain at the heart of corporate profitability while at the same time providing a stable moat for new business growth; Inter-business has the potential to become a second growth curve.
Figure 9: The smooth harvest structure (inner circle 2023 and outer circle 2024) assumes unconscionable cost reductions. Among these, the downfall effects of 2022 were masked by factors such as oil prices, global public health events and a gradual return to normality in 2023, and the process of accommodation and change accelerated.
In particular, with regard to transport costs, the company has achieved a reduction in its current operating costs by fine control measures, such as adjusting its operating structure, optimizing its procurement mechanisms, and making flexible adjustments to its route planning. The ratio of revenues is also declining.
From 2021 to the present, the company continued to strengthen its lean management and improve its operational efficiency, while focusing on improving corporate governance, and the Maori rate and the net interest rate on homecoming were rising from year to year. At the same time, the company maintained a strong cash flow, 2024. Net operating cash flows reached $32.186 billion, with the current peak in corporate capital spending and free cash flows.
Figure 12: Sufficiency Māori rate and net home country interest rate
2.1 Prescription: the barrier is high and the first curve is expected to rise again. 2.1.1 The barrier at the supply end creates a broad protection for the statute of limitations, which is the cornerstone of the moat and contributes more than 40 per cent of the business base of the company.
Revenues. From 2017 to 2023, company statute of limitations revenues increased from 46.7 billion yuan to 115.5 billion yuan, and in 2024, the entry threshold for the express delivery was very high, the flow of multi-year statute of limitations products continued to build high-frequency sub-operation models and a direct-camp system, and high supply-side barriers created corporate monopoly in the high end-of-end market:
1) A broad and intensive national logistics network, with critical and scarce resources (air cargo fleet, air cargo hub, airport landing point and ground network): after many years of deep-seated and forward-looking strategic layouts, there has been a three-network logistics service network, Skynet+Genet. As for Skynet, up to 2024.
As far as the land network is concerned, there are 100% coverage at the company level, 98.1% at the county level, and more than 36,000 in the domestic service network.
Strong control over logistics networks, services and capacity: The straight-line system ensures that headquarters controls the full range of courier networks and core resources, including receiving points, transit sites, backbones, aviation hubs, aircraft, vehicles, staff, etc., thereby improving the quality and efficiency of express delivery services.
3) HF operational model for trans-shipments: there is sufficient control and management capacity for the operation of the processing chain. As of 2024, the company had 36,000 self-employed and proxy points in the country, 14,000 self-employed overseas and joint stores, over 440,000 couriers across the network, and guaranteed high frequency operations for trans-shipment operators.
(4) Client loyalty and user intelligence: in the medium- and high-end timers market, the target group is relatively insensitive to costs, makes it easier to create user stickyness, and takes advantage of the user ' s mind at a multi-year, multi-producer, multi-producer, multi-producer level.
A firm forward-looking, forward-looking input on the differentiated track, and a smooth-floating market oligarchy pattern, based on the company’s Hong Kong stock offer, with a market share of 63.5% in 2022, based on the company’s 2022 earnings. The company’s statute of limitations business has a significant brand premium, with company revenues and profits at the forefront of the industry through the statute of limitations product.
2.1.2 The key issue of the statute of limitations as a core business of power and high barriers to the current profit contribution is the size of the market space.
In recent years, the rate of growth in business income for smooth prescriptions has remained highly correlated with pmi. And production flows, where companies are constantly trying to change in response to prescriptions, self-sustainability is expected to break out of the new volume space, and where a large number of innovative applications are integrated into modern services, high-tech manufacturing, and services products.
The consumer category will benefit from the trend towards high-quality and fresh food consumption. The industrial group will benefit from a combined increase of 12.6 per cent in the size of domestic statute of limitations revenues.Figure 19: The size of China’s express delivery market in 2017-2027 (in terms of income).
Figure 18: Sufficiency volume structure Stsalivin, IHS 2.2 Economy: Better product structure, continuously improving efficiency
At one point, it separated the economic express into a direct network, “spill speed” and a federated network, with the former focusing on major power-market platforms and branders, and the latter serving the economy’s sunk power market. With the expansion of the power supply, the smooth economy’s fast-moving harvest grew rapidly, rising rapidly in 2020.
In 2021, the rate of increase was 50 per cent higher than in the same year. Unlike couriers such as the bus system and the VRS, it was carried out in a silo-filled manner, using idle transport and storage resources for power-marketing purposes, trying to reduce costs by sharing resources such as transit sites, transport routes and so forth, and providing high-quality services.
The low-price strategy is to win a larger share of the power supply. But the low-priced, already-red-sea market is profitable, and the space is small, and it's essential to make a profit. That's precisely what's missing: in 2022, the average business in the middle of the day was nearly 70 million, the hymn, the round, the offer to break 50 million, so that it's not close to 40 million.
At the same time, the volume of power items attracted under the “facilitation” model does not have the capacity to digest, and the timeliness lags behind, even affecting the brand image of the top-end business package as a whole.
So, starting in the second half of 2021, companies pursued a sound business approach to sustainable business development, took the initiative to improve their performance, officially withdrew from the market in July of the year, and in 2023, they removed the “rich net” from the low-priced competition and focused on middle- and high-end trade.
At present, the company’s economic backbone is fast-tracked by electric trademarks. The number of electric trademarks has grown steadily, with 24h1 items growing by up to 20 per cent and further improved by high-quality services and effective cost control.
With regard to the economy, the business strategy of “focusing on the core markets for large scale” continues, providing high-quality services around the core power suppliers’ regional and professional markets. Looking outward, in response to the industry’s trend since 2024 to deliver parcels in bulk, companies focus on more profitable and less profitable goods in the market, and expand the breakdown of the product suppliers’ minis.
For lightweight small accessories, small accessories, etc.; inwardly, the company is based on fine resource regulation, combined with large amounts, and it is analysed to make full use of marginal production, to draw on incremental amounts and maximize the use of resources. Our online consumption is now at a flat stage after a rapid period of development, but it is based on our economy.
Quantities and income levels of the population, as well as the boom in emerging platform power suppliers, continue to be more resilient on-line consumption. After being stripped of low prices, they rely on high-quality services, and the volume performance and profitability of high- and middle-end economic tracks.3 Multi-dimensional logistics operations: multi-track layouts, eco-programming
3.1 Fast-forwards: trillion market patterns are optimized and double-wheel drive co-development 3.1.1 trillion markets enter stock consolidation periods. China has the largest global logistics market, of which road logistics is the most important mode of transport.
According to the Ministry of Transport, in 2024 the total volume of our cargo was 56,869 million tons, of which 41,888 million tons, or 73.64 per cent, were transported by road.
The zero-load market, which accounts for more than 30% of China’s road transport, is expected to rise to 1.80 trillion yuan in 2027 at a more stable rate. The zero-load market is a trillion-grade market, and the fast-moving industry is well organized in terms of changes in business flows.
It is still an incremental market and benefits from the upgrading of Chinese industries and the commercialization of large commodities, which underpins long-term price increases. At the commercial level, the fragmentation of orders, caused by such factors as individualization of consumption, small branding, and retail diversification, is becoming increasingly evident. For example, in the furniture, household and electricity industries, online orders have been scattered to one place.
People consumers, and their largest distribution channels, while still traditional underline distribution channels, have changed significantly from before. At the same time, demand for flexible supply chains has driven rapid movement, the consumer Internet “second half” has shifted its focus to supply chain upgrading, and zero-load transport will be the main mode of transport carrying supply chain goods.
Figure 26: Supply chain flattening
The current zero-load market is divided into three categories of participants, depending on the structure of the business flow and the source of the goods: full network fast, regional zero loads, and cross-regional lines. Full-grid fast transport has a stronger competitive advantage in terms of network coverage, scale effects, digital technology, and service capacity, expanding the cross-regional line and regional zero-loads in terms of accessibility, stability, timeliness and efficiency.
At the demand end, supply, supply, supply, regional liquidity, and regional networks integrated into the fast-track system; at the supply end, the point where the full network has a cost advantage relative to the large, zero-loading of fast shipments is approaching, so we think that the whole network is moving faster than across the border.
The advantages of regional exclusive lines and regional zero-loads will be further strengthened, and the share is expected to increase. Moreover, China’s full-line fast-trading, similar to the development process in the US market, has moved out of an “exploitation period” and is on the way to the second stage of a stock market “integration period” and is bound to enter a “maturity period” of high-quality development in the medium to long term.
Figure 30: U.S. zero-weight market development history 3.1.2 Double branding operations, with qualitative variables rising to higher profitability, smooth and fast incubation to only five years of existence, and two branding operations taking over mid- and high-end fast-carrying markets. 2014
The company has created the Gas Supply Chain Department to launch a logistics-complimentation programme; the Ministry of Fast Transport was established in 2018, and was officially launched in July 2019. A two-tier fast shipment brand is now being created with Hinjita to expand the share of the fast transport market in both the direct and the federated form.
By positioning high-time, high-quality and high-service high-end markets, by focusing on the full-web-based fast-moving market, the two brands complement each other in terms of business models and product positioning. Companies can provide high-value products with a much richer array of product-typing elasticity, and the same is true of the fact that they can achieve higher profit elasticity at essentially constant cost.
High-end express delivery patterns are stable. With the acquisition of cross-carrying stock rights in Tokyo logistics in 2020 and Texas Express in 2022, the current straight-to-line all-line fast transport has a smooth and high competition pattern with the Kyoto-linked “virtual oligarchs”
In 2022, the first-high-end smooth-carrying market was measured by the combined media data, with a caliber of about 30% of the high-end fast-cargo market, 35% of the former high-end fast-carrying market, approximately 21% of the total, and 56% of the post-carriage ratio, with the highest-end fast-carrying market.
In 2021, the smooth and fast shipment began to connect to the delivery of small items, using the force of time, operation, scene, building on its own warehousing to develop a large warehouse with integrated services to meet the multi-scenes integration needs.
Expanding the range of services to build their own barriers, creating faulty competition in a highly homogenous fast-moving market, and enabling them to achieve a more competitive price and to drive the growth of flying wheels while increasing the convergence of models to achieve lower efficiency gains. In 2022, for the first time, the smooth-flowing fast-carrying division achieved a loss of profit, 2023-
In 2024, the size of the collection grew further, and now comes first in terms of revenue and prescription. With the turnover of operations, companies are widening the landscape. 1) Large pieces of high- and medium-end aviation, including high-precision material, transport of samples for medical testing between tax zones, and breakthroughs in special goods such as lithium, silver slurry, etc.; 2) deep work.
Subsectors, sedimentation of specialist logistics solutions, increased logistics revenues by 2024 to 20 per cent or more in electricity and circulation, communications high-tech, automobile and industrial manufacturing, respectively; 3) enhanced expansion of the depressed industrial mass market, where the volume of bulk goods in industrial zones above 100 kg grew by more than 30 per cent.
The business scene is driving the scale up, with the volume of smooth and fast shipments growing by more than 20 per cent in 2024 on a year-on-year basis, with a steady market share in the top three of the conglomerate fast-carrying markets, a growing market share and a prospect of a sustained increase in profitability.
In November 2014, on the basis of the consolidation of existing logistics, electricity and porter resources, the Cold Transport Department was established to provide specialized, customized, efficient and integrated supply chain services to customers ' fresh food and pharmaceutical operations. In 2018, a joint venture was announced in collaboration with the United States ' summer logistics firm, which operates the summer company.
In China, the joint venture changed its name in 2024. As of 31 December 2023, it had established 62 high-transit logistics centres in more than 30 central cities across the country, with transport networks reaching four or five main cities.
The market for cold logistics services is highly fragmented and has a large integration space. Because of the natural characteristics of the cold chain industry, it is very rare that it is unmarked (milk products, wine, cold meat, cold meat, cold meat, vegetables, fruit transport temperatures vary widely, liquids and solids cannot be transported, and different types of goods cannot be transported with temperature requirements).
A company can provide a full process covering production, storage, transport and distribution to end-consumers, while also ensuring that end-to-end cold logistics services that maintain temperature control and stabilize the quality of service are maintained. Domestic cold-chain enterprises are basically larger producers building their own cool chains according to the characteristics of the cold-chain they need for their own products. In China, there are more than 2,000 countries.
Small- and medium-sized cold-transport logistics service providers, according to the top 10 cold-chain logistics firms in the country, eight are the main service providers in their own business (meat products, food companies, power-market platforms), with independent third parties only being comfortable and the cold-chain as an important track for the logistics industry, and because of the structural characteristics of the agricultural industry, the proportion used in China in the past.
The cold-chain sector, driven by national policies, social capital, and old and new players, is in a high-growth, fast-integrated, multivariant phase.
The Institute's data show that China's cold-chain logistics market in 2023 was 51.7 billion yuan, an increase of 5.2 per cent over the same period.
Figure 36: The size of China's cold-chain market (million yuan) is a “four-way-by-four” map of the network of backbones of the country's cold-chain logistics.
In 2024, the Ministry of Finance achieved operating income of $9.81 billion, compared to 4.9 per cent, mainly due to severe frosting.
In recent years, there has been a constant shift in the development of the smooth cold chain between raw-food suppliers, standardized food-cold chains, and medical cold chains. The current food-cold-chain network has contracted, and the high input phase has come to an end.
There are more possibilities for chain logistics development, with the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement in March 2024 with high-standard warehouse-rich and 10,000-latitude logistics, which has triggered a “first shot” of cold chain integration in highly dispersed cold-chain markets. Overall, the supply of standardized cold-chain solutions is less common around the world, and it is difficult to open a new business overnight.
3.3 Immediate distribution with the city: “full, accurate, steady” three killers contribute to rapid growth, compared to developed countries, with the city of statute of limitations being a popular market unique to China.
The city of statute of limitations barrier, though less than a cyberbarrier, is one of the few areas of logistics that has the potential to produce large market value companies. The city of statute of limitations, although with relatively short shipping distance, is sensitive to customers, which determines the possibility of creating a different brand, while the supply-side density economy allows firms to enter the statute of limitations first.
The immediate distribution industry has grown rapidly in recent years, with the constant increase in the penetration rate of instant electricity suppliers of all types, scenes, and periods. According to Ere, the instant distribution industry in 2023 was successfully listed on the Hong Kong Union Board in December of that year.
The same city became the largest independent third-party instantaneous distribution platform in the country: 1) “all” - business diversity: a comprehensive coverage of the four major scenes of the new consumption era - catering and catering, retail with the city, near power vendors and near-field services.
In 2024, there were 650,000 active traders in the city.
The number of active consumers is about 2.34 million, tea distribution revenues are up 73 per cent from the same year, and retail sales such as convenience, cake bake, medicine, make-up, etc., are up by double digits from the same time. 2) “Aim” - technology effectiveness: a business model for dealing with the whole scene based on a solid technological base with the city.
In the case of urban logistics systems (cls), for example, smart business planning and marketing management, cyclist integration of dispatch and distribution of smart orders, intelligent operation optimizes three core functions. With this dispatch system, multi-elastic transport networks (covering different geographical levels) are matched in real time.
At the store level, in the commercial area and in the city level, the order schedule can be dynamically and flexibly adjusted to allow it to match the order to the best of the rider in the different trades, scenes and complex distribution networks, shortening the distribution time, reducing the distribution time 3) “Stable” - the rider is large: Shun Fong has always been the first partner in the city.
Accompanied by the concept of business, as of 2024h1, the platform had more than 970,000 active riders per year, with a 20% increase in the number of mid- and high-income riders.
With robust growth, the scale effect is becoming more apparent, with the city crossing the profit-and-loss balance point in 2023, rapid growth moving to a mature stage of development, industrial competition moving into the second half, a smooth landscape of ecology and the positioning of independent third parties, which have laid a solid foundation for growth, a multi-connected and sustained drive to reduce the cost of control.
Continuing in depth, it is expected that there will still be scope for a significant increase in net interest rates in the future, and that the city has already taken the lead in the profit point, and is expected to continue to lead the second half.4 Supply chain and international operations: breaking out of the sea, building a second growth curve
Shunfeng has been actively deploying international operations since 2010, operating under a business model based on autonomous and light-cost operations, establishing local self-employment points abroad and staffed with receivers, and working with local courier logistics service operators whose main products are international fast/favourable and international small packages;
In 2021, M & As logistics, major products were restructured into international couriers, international freight forwarders and international supply chains, and the scope of operations was further expanded.
By 2024, there were 100 countries covered by international couriers, and international small-pack operations covered national and regional areas. Figure 45: Affordable supply chains and international business plate layouts, mainly for domestic and overseas manufacturing enterprises, trading enterprises, cross-border power suppliers and consumers, providing international couriers, overseas local couriers,
(b) Cross-border standard express delivery: a standard, time-bound service to meet the needs of cross-border emergency shipping, with high-quality international fast-track and economic-type international preferential products;
(a) Cross-border electricity distribution: high-priced economic services to meet the needs of cross-border power suppliers, with efficient international electricity vendor special and economic international mini-packs;
• Air transportation: provision of air transportation services from point of departure to take delivery, multiple integration, customs clearance and delivery to end-users;
• Overland freight transport: provision of inter-Eurasian, innovative and cost-effective land and iron transport services, mainly for a variety of industry clients, providing domestic and international end-to-end supply chain solutions;
• The supply chain of Toyoto, which offers China’s home-grown supply chain services, and Jali logistics, which provides global integrated logistics services. The scale of the company’s supply chain and international operations expanded rapidly after the M&A logistics in 2021.
The significant decline in international air and maritime transport demand and prices to market normal levels in 2023 affected the growth in revenues from international freight and freight operations, which were the same as -31.7 per cent of the revenue of the segment, at a loss of $530 million, but was accompanied by a subsequent increase in the speed with which the Okhu airport became operational, with enhanced coordination with the international network and accelerated market access to the port.
The international market map (which is intended to finance global sales to strengthen international and cross-border logistics capacity), and the integrated competitiveness of the supply chain and international operations of the Division are expected to improve further to become a second-growth curve.
With China’s firms going to the sea and its brands going out, China’s Express Logistics has come out of the sea. In particular, since cross-border power suppliers entered phase 3.0, the cross-border logistics market has become a new competitive high ground for the industry, and the size of China’s cross-border logistics market in 2023 is estimated to be 711 billion yuan in 2023 and will continue to be guaranteed.
International operations have a higher profitability than domestic operations, and have become an important performance growth point for foreign couriers. At the income end, the share of international business income from Fedex in 2024 has been proportional.
Twenty-five per cent, or 23 per cent, of the revenue from international operations. Of the income from single votes, the income from international operations is higher than that from domestic operations, and from Fedex international parcels is about 2.5 times that of domestic parcels; and from ups international parcels are about $30, or about 3.0 times that of domestic parcels.
In terms of profitability, international business has a significantly higher operating profit margin than domestic business. The profit margin for the ups international business has been significantly higher than for domestic business, with 18.7 per cent in 2019 and higher than for domestic industry. The profit margin for international business has declined in the last two years, and the gap with domestic business remains around 10 pct.
4.2 Strengthen key core node resources, network layout, Consistency International, which includes cross-border standard couriers, cross-border electricity distributors and overseas local couriers. It currently covers more than 200 countries and regions, with Asia as the focus of development, moving from South-East Asian to Euro-American markets.
Companies continue to strengthen air network planning, customs resource construction, upgrade end-of-end local couriers, and upgrade international express delivery services. Compared to the three major international markets (fedex,ups,dhl) originating in Europe and the United States, they are more market-based, faster-growing and more decentralized Asian local markets, with a broad Asian customer base.
In terms of route layout, companies continue to expand new and encrypted routes in line with business conditions to build domestic lines.
The International Air and Air Intermodal Network, which connects Europe, South Asia, the United States, the Middle East, etc.; capacity-building for customs clearance, closed to the end of 2024, 78 companies ' global self-employment and proxy customs clearance services, with 10 national aeo-status certified license plates and 14 overseas self-clearance services; and overseas indigenous capacity-building.
With the strengthening of the international network, firm international Express competitiveness continues to grow. The more Chinese exports to New Mateo, the more time-bound they are, the longer the distribution times, the higher the share of the revenue market.
At a fast-growing stage, there is still much room for growth, with a prominent network of rivals in the market. The deployment of the offshore warehouse is another major focus of the smooth internationalization strategy.
Logistics efficiency also provides critical support for cross-border power suppliers, manufacturing, and other businesses. A business breakthrough from 0 to 1 to n was achieved in a number of countries, industries, and service scenes, with over 100 overseas supply chain projects in 2024, of which more than 50 were completed, involving electricity suppliers, industrial manufacturing, and domestic electricity.
As of 2024, there were more than 950 warehouses with an area of more than 2.5 million square metres. 4.3 Inflicted potential for the future.
According to the development path of the global Express giant, acquisitions are an important means of fast-tracking overseas networks and localizing resources, such as talent. In 2021, a smooth acquisition of Garry logistics, a network of logistics built up over many years in South-East Asia, was able to re-create the international business landscape.
Garry Logistics is an Asian-based international third-party logistics service provider and a major international logistics company listed at a port, with local couriers in major countries in South-East Asia, well-established overseas distribution network resources and well-developed land and sea air transport service systems and freight forwarders network resources, the largest in South-East Asia.
This acquisition is an international supply chain arrangement. It's a smooth internationalization ring. Figure 56: Garry's regional revenue structure (millions of Hong Kong dollars)
Garry, Shun Feng, with a professional division of labour, Garrett Logistics focuses on line-based freight forwarders, and Compatibility on web-based operations (cross-border, local couriers), and more efficient than Gary Logistics uses freight-forwarding thinking as a home-grown network, operating web-based operations. Together, they build a global logistics platform based in Asia.
Close to the international logistics giants, ups, fedex, etc., and different competition patterns between their operations and other domestic couriers.
Analysis of the significance and integration of acquisitions: The acquisition of Gary Logistics is an attempt at smooth international operations. Prior to the acquisition, lack of hubs and air fleet made it impossible to conduct international prescription operations, the acquisition of South-East Asia and the larger volume of Gary Logistics is a smooth transit through East.
South Asian contract logistics and global freight forwarders are an attempt to move into international operations. As Gary has a defined property base in Thailand and Viet Nam, and South-East Asia is growing faster in terms of couriers and logistics, there is some synergy between smooth local operations, especially cross-border operations.
In November 2023, the Shun Feng Group entered into an agreement with Garry Logistics, with 51% of the Garret Logistics Unit, to set up a Merit Service and formally take over the operation of the international cargo terminal at Hoihua Lake Airport in Ozhou. The Garry Logistics ff team is strengthening joint sales with kln branches abroad, assisting the Hyo Fong Group, and co-driving in and out of Hong Kong.
In addition, Kari's logistics imports are accompanied by the development of an incremental stock of operations, the continuous optimization of processes, and improved visualization and real-time availability of information. These initiatives connect the entire chain of products from Hyo Fung and Kaori, which began to bear fruit in 2024: Carri in May.
Introduction of the first Oxy State-Chicago charter flights to the International Airport and establishment of good relations with the International Head Aviation Division and cargo forwarders; completion of the first international trans-shipment and trans-shipment operations guarantee at the Inter-Air Transport Department in September, meeting the international transit requirements of the trans-shipment stations and the different aviation divisions; and end-October, Shun
On the occasion of the first anniversary of the Kaji International Cargo Station, the Orzhou Airport has reached 20 countries, installed 12 foreign aviation divisions, built 32 national navigation points in Gaeomey, Asia-Africa and the "one-way" region, initially forming a network of all-cargo routes that serve the world's cargo flow.
Oxy State Airport: For in-country upgrading of product capacity, external network enhancement coverage has rapidly become a core engine of domestic and international operations since its launch in July 2022. In September 2023, Oxy State Airport's trans-shipment of air cargo was officially completed, with a smoother air traffic route.
As of January 2025, the airport had accumulated 103 cargo routes, with an average of more than 130 daily guaranteed cargo flights. As of May 2025, the airport had accumulated 100 cargo routes.
First of all, 58 domestic freight routes, 42 international freight routes reaching 15 Asian countries, 10 European countries, 4 American countries and 1 African country, initially constructing a radiation-global international freight transport route around the development of “doing, re-linking, strong networks”
In 2023, 24.53 million tons of cargo traffic went into the national airport. In 2024, 100.25 million tons of cargo traffic went through the lake airport, the fifth in the country, and the volume of foreign trade in the north of the lake rose by 2.8 per cent.
A percentage point. In 2025, the construction of an international free-trade air terminal in Lake Flower will be accelerated, with more than 20 new domestic and international freight routes, the continued enhancement of airport freight functions, the expansion of encrypted international routes to Europe and the United States and Asia and the Pacific, and the guarantee of more than 100 cargo routes.
Oxy State Airport was put into operation under the “accelerated key” of development, with traffic through the mail throughput from 0 to 10,000 tons for 7 months, from 10,000 to 100,000 tons for 3 months, from 900 to 1 million tons for 33 days, from 1 million to 1.1 million tons for 27 days, and from 1.1 million to 1.2 million tons for 26 days.
5.1 Enabling in-country operations: Auxiliary Time-Framework Network upgrades to facilitate first-curve recovery.
Four cargo hub airports. Development planning is broadly divided into three phases: phase 1.0: transit centre, from point-to-point route to axle irradiation route. In the axial radiation mode, the statute of limitations has a broader and more cost-effective scope, while Orzhou's own base and clustering function helps to improve service certainty and timing.
Effectiveness, increased product capacity, and strengthened moats. 2024h1 morning product loads increased by 6% on a year-on-year basis. 2.0 Phase: Silo centres, from logistics to supply chain costs. Through smooth silos, centralization of stocks + airport models can be achieved by effectively reducing customer storage management.
Phase 3.0: Industrial centres, from logistics clusters to industrial clusters. The Orzhou hub is not just a delivery hub, and as logistics functions such as warehousing, cold storage, international operations, and bond services are progressively operationalized, the airport will be empty.
Greater economic value is expected to result in the formation of aviation, biomedical, electronic components, e-commerce, fresh and cold chains, aero-state airport and axiomatic irradiation network structures, which will result in cost reductions in the following areas: Axis irradiation networks can be designed to connect multiple point-to-point flights and upgrade the backbone.
(ii) Increase in the time frame for air freight costs. (2) Increase in the lead-line load rate helps to increase the coverage of the full cargo aircraft; unlike in the dispersed abdominal chamber, the main operating time of the full cargo aircraft is at night.
3) Increased stability: The bulkhouse resources are vulnerable to passenger transport arrangements, and the increase in the full cargo fleet coverage will further increase the stability of the statute of limitations. 4) Industrial cluster construction incremental: 2-hour voyages can irradiate more than 90 per cent of gdp using Orzhou Airport
Accompanied logistics storage facilities, industrial parks, help to attract industrial clusters at the upper and middle levels of manufacturing, and build up an increment for the statute of limitations market. Taken together, Orzhou Airport will change the statute of limitations and cost structure, which will be the weight of the next few years and decades.
Figure 60: 36 hours of express delivery across the country via a three-stage air transport network
Affordable supply chains and international operational layouts require the support of high-quality logistics assets, air transport as a core element of time-bound logistics, transport efficiency enhancement and optimized links are important for companies. As an important target for capital spending in the smooth ahead, the Okhu State International Airport has been built to operate an axiomatic irradiation network after delivery.
The full release of the hub role is important for opening up the supply chain and the international operational imagination. Figure 62: Network of international routes at Orzhou Airport. Professional cargo hubs are key to supporting the international logistics giant aviation network, with three major international players (fedex, ups, etc.)
The reason for this growth is that they already have air freight hubs and have a good air cargo layout that controls most of the world’s air cargo markets. For the three main international cargo hubs, the airport is expected to have 245,000 tons of cargo through 2025.
With the upgrading of China’s manufacturing industry and increased brand competitiveness, and the reshaping of global enterprise supply chains, companies are expected to reap the structural dividend of rising incomes in the future, relying on the advantages of Asia’s first professional airline freight hub and advanced automated transit centres.
6 “No one” layout: increased intelligentness, promising cost savings, improved operational efficiency The first unmanned vehicle transit centre in the industry was set up in 2024 to achieve cost savings effectively, the trans-shipment
Automated, unmanned technologies are widely explored and progressively laid down in various logistics scenarios, helping to transform the company’s operating model and efficient network operations.
The paradigm shift has resulted in the introduction of short-range automated handling of containers using agv devices in transit sites, while the company ' s self-researched Starway Movement Management Platform has been connected to more than 60 easy large transit sites, system access tubes, close-to-dry stations agv, and cumulatively more than 5.2 million container automation moves have been completed.
Unmanned vehicles: the company's feeder transport links between the transit and network points, the network points and the distribution links between the receiving regions, as well as in closed areas such as parks and campuses, have been put into use by more than 800 fixed unmanned vehicles to automate the transport and distribution of short-distance feeder lines, improve efficiency and reduce costs.
Effectively reducing the cost of moving new future scenarios and new models by building a single unmanned vehicle docking platform, integrating the unmanned vehicle system and simplifying the handling of unmanned vehicles.
Capacity, such as task distribution and visualization analysis, to build large, integrated and recognizable warehouses to provide customized, process-wide automated warehousing services to industry clients. The make-up industry, for example, has a large number of small, sku-rich commodities, and a large volume of goods requires strict control of the period of effectiveness; and
b2b and b2c operations are managed centrally. The high storage density of the easy-to-fine automated 3-storage warehouse manages the customer's entire pallet storage and storage of goods, reducing manual and efficiency gains; secondly, a shuttle warehousing system is installed to support the accurate handling of the entire container and scrapped cargo and to improve the accuracy and efficiency of selection; in addition, it is equipped with agv, boosters, lifters, etc.
A variety of automated equipment, such as sorting machines, operate in a single network area to meet the business needs of the customer’s 100 million-grade stock storage, each of which exceeds 100,000 orders per day.
7 Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 7.1 Profit projection assumptions are separated from business high, and further growth in corporate supply chains and international operations is expected.
The previous annual cap for the last kilometre distribution service. The revised annual cap split for the associated transactions of 2025 and 2026, the deployment of the vehicle and the expected savings in the labour cost rate, we expect the company to operate in 2025-2027, and we expect the company to maintain a further downswing in its management rates for 2025-2027.
Focusing on logistics intelligence, unmanned layout, and future or increased research and development investment in related technologies, we expect companies to develop a share, using a pe-comparison valuation analysis. For comparable companies, speed transport is the main business of the department, and we choose to focus on couriers, German shares, hippoon shares and speed of application.
For h shares, we have also adopted the pe-comparison company valuation method and selected courier-w and polar rabbit-w from the front business in the express delivery industry as comparable companies.
The Division has three comparative advantages: 1) corporate focus on high- and medium-end markets, with expected improvements in the pro-cyclical cycle, and companies are expected to benefit more from the warming of demand in the medium-to-high-end express delivery market and to have greater elasticity in the performance of their counterparts. 2) Corporations, as the backbone of integrated domestic logistics, have more money for their business counterparts, with a business surface covering the express delivery economy,
Prescriptions, fast shipments, supply chains and international plates, cold transport and medicines, and instant distribution with the city, among others, are more risk-resistant and secure for long-term development. (3) In addition, the multi-connectivity effect of companies is gradually emerging, and the Axis-Axis network structure is driving the first curve.
The second growth curve (international operations) has been built at the same time as the upturn, and the company's business is much more sophisticated than its friends, with the expected improvement of the cycle, and the value of the medium- and high-end express delivery market as an opportunity for warmer demand, as a domestic hub for integrated logistics, focused on self-reliance, multi-connection effects gradually emerging, and the Australasia axis irradiation network.
Builds a first curve (prescription business) upswing while building a second growth curve (international business). We head, with a much more resilient performance, first-time coverage, with a “recommended” rating. 1) Macro-demand repair is less than expected: corporate-prescription operations are pro-cyclical, if macro-required.
Lower than expected, this will slow the increase in the volume of time-limited products and put pressure on the growth of corporate profits.2 Oil prices and labour costs are high: higher human and transport costs are found in courier products, and oil prices are an important wind sign of power costs, which will lead to firm decline if oil prices and labour costs rise significantly in the short term
3) New business improvements are less than expected: less rapid, cold and similar business improvements will affect the profitability of new business and cash flow creation capacity, thereby increasing market certainty about new business incubation 4) Overseas economic recession and the deterioration of the international geopolitical environment: external needs will fall far more than expected if the recession abroad leads to a downturn
It is expected, and if the international geopolitical environment deteriorates beyond expectations, that corporate supply chains and international operations, or face significant methodological and analytical logic, will draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, research recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.