Wave information (000977.sz): A quarterly collection of events: companies published a quarterly report in 2024, which generated business income of $17,607 million, an increase of 85.32 per cent over the same period; Wave information is the world's leading t infrastructure product,
Mother-to-child net profit of $306 million, an increase of 64.39 per cent over the same period. Programs and service providers, operations coverage calculations, storage, networks, three key areas, provide cloud computing, big data, etc.
Full-scale digitization, including artificial intelligence, margin computing, etc., increased income significantly during the quarter, with net profits well above the level of the same period last year. (1) 2024q1, the company achieved business income of $17,607 million, an increase of 85.32 per cent over the same period.
(b) Corporate sales costs of $269 million in the first quarter and sales rates of 1.66 per cent in the same quarter, resulting in an increase in currency exchange earnings; and (c) net profits of $306 million in the first quarter, representing an increase of 64.39 per cent in the same year.
Increased demand for ai servers and company purchases of upstream components. 2024q1, corporate contract liabilities amounted to $4.14 billion, with an increase of 116.41 per cent in the ring, mainly due to an increase in pre-receipt payments to customers and a significant increase in server demand in the first quarter of the year. As a result, companies have increased their purchases of raw materials, resulting in a significant increase in inventory.
The company's monetary capital is $7.117 billion, and the ring is down, and the company's profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the company to be the source of financial growth in the East, benefiting from the global trend in the ai industry.
Wave Information (000977.sz): A significant increase in revenue during the quarter, increasing the purchase of upstream components, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the crystals.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report Wave Information (000977.sz): A significant increase in revenue during the quarter, increasing the procurement of upstream components does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text are:
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.