q4 profits increased significantly in 23 years, and the server's leader was firmly established.
Realization of the non-net profit from parent deduction of $1,118 million, a decrease of 35.87 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 10.04 per cent; company active reserve, a stable cost rate: 1) operating in 2023. Cash flow of $520 million, a decrease of 71.3 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in current business reserve and purchase payments
In 2023, the company’s sales cost was $1,455 million, and the company’s flagship server was firmly in place and seized aigc’s numeracy needs to unlock new opportunities.
In 2023, the big model and generator ai triggered a global surge in artificial intelligence, and the market for artificial intelligence numeracy grew rapidly. According to the China Assessment Report on the Development of Artificial Intelligent Computerism 2023-2024, artificial intelligence is moving from perception to generation intelligence.
The size of the market for industrial intelligence servers will be $65 billion, an increase of 82.5 per cent over the same period; the smart numeracy model is expected to reach 414.1.eflops (one billion floats per second), an increase of 59.3 per cent over the same period) and the wave continues to maintain its leading position, according to the latest release of idc.
According to China, 23 years ago, the company’s servers were the second largest in the world; storage was the first in the world; storage was the first in China; and liquid cold servers were the first in China. Companies continued to break through at the hardware, arithmetic, and algorithmic levels to improve the competitiveness of their core products.
Hardware level: In April 2024, the company released the Super-Ai Ether Exchange for Genesis, x 400, which is a national first-past-made, Nvidiaspectrum-x platform based in Ether Sindam Securities Co. Ltd.
Net switches, with the highest volume of throughput in industry, have increased fourfold over the previous generation of products. 2) cindasecuritiesco., ltd Calculatory: 2023, the company released a new generation of g7 numeracy platforms.
In April 2024, the company and Intel co-published a common server, Nf8260g7, which is a co-structured training server Nf5688g7 and is almost seven times more robust than the old platform model.
For the first time in industry, servers operate on the basis of a universal processor that supports a large model of hundreds of billions of parameters. (300 billion, 2.1 billion, etc.) Models of the hundreds of billions of parameters, the first full-scale open source model, “source 2.0” perform excellent programming, reasoning, logic, etc.
\triangleright \triangleright does not, in part, have, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.