Performance exceeded expectations, contract liabilities & inventory increased demand profile Events: Wave Information: First Quarterly Report 2024, 2024q1 Realization Battalion \triangleright, 29 April afternoon
\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright Increased demand for ai numeracy and servers, increased raw material readiness by companies and enhanced supply chain
The server needs to be put on a constant basis, and the industry has a strong leader. 1) Liquid cold server level, according to idc \triangleright
According to China, the combined annual growth rate of China’s liquid cold server market in 2023-2028 will be 45.8%, and the liquid cold industry will be in the first year of a real “required” release. As a server leader, the company’s 2023 consignment volume of 6.6.1. Wave wave information (000977.sz) will be evaluated in 2023:
Ten thousand, with a market share of 40.9 per cent, IRS sales and delivery are in China's top double position and are expected to benefit deeper from the industry trend of IFF. 2) At the corporate level, wave information continues to implement the “allin IFF” strategy, issuing all-out IFF products and achieving universal servers, high-density servers, whole cabinet servers, a suit
Wave Information (000977.sz) Company Incident Review: The four whole-line series of city servers supports cooling fluids and continuously improves product competitiveness. Arithmetic, data storage, and comprehensive layouts are expected to be released by the i-Application Market.
\triangleright 3. Wave Information (000977.sz) Event Review: Release Source Development Platform "Meta Brain Creativity" epai, providing large model quick access to existing systems api, dialogue ui hand over
Three ways of using each other, which provides basic module support, is expected to be a reduction in the downside of the corporate model 4. Wave Information (00097.sz) Tri-quarter 2023 Report Review: a significant increase in the q3 battalion, focusing on the gpu supply situation
Key variables. On ipf2024, wave information officially released a superai dedicated to the generation of the ai to change 2023/11/01 in order to provide a leader in large-scale arithmetic with the highest volume of 51.2t throughput - 400.
5. Wave Information (000977.sz) semi-annual report 2023, ai network performance.
It is expected to remain high, and the company has a prominent leading position in the server sector, and we believe that the current company is being significantly underestimated and maintains a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.