Because of the need for the infrastructure of the one, the company benefited fully from the one-chip dragon, the English-Weed High, and the industrial chain. Because of the need for the i-Arithmetic chip, British-Weida earned $60,922 million in 2024, a year of growth.
Chips, the future release of the b100 chip will continue to generate high growth in the industry, and the i industry chain is expected to benefit fully. Domestic demand for arithmetic is also expected to remain strong.
In 2023, servers were the second largest in the world, China the first; in 2023, storage of the world ' s pre-global total market value/flow (millions of yuan) III, China the first; in 2023, liquid cold servers the first in China.
The top/lowest price i training server nf5688g7 for the integration architecture within 12 months, with steady growth in performance compared to the older platform models < < < < < < > > > > < full beneficiary ' s stridentness > >
Computation needs are still strong, and there are differences in the larger model areas. Because of the arithmetic needs of large models >--2023-04-13 and the recovery of industries, the demand for ai servers and storage remains high in the future.
<chatgpt et al. Eco-fire, the broad base model of “source 2.0” published by the company's potential division in 2023, including models of the size of the parameters of 10,26 billion, 51.8 billion and 2.1 billion, is the first fully open-source model of the 100 billion parameters.
< <Standardly growing performance, and in the digital economy, continuing to drive large-source models for technological innovation in the areas of graphics, multi-models, and promising to benefit fully from intelligent customer service, intelligence division> - - 2022-11-01
Investment proposal: Ai’s arithmetic needs are expected to remain strong. The public ai infrastructure needs are expected to be strong in 2024-2026, with companies benefiting fully from p_4
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report