2024q1 over-expected performance, server leader secure - Wave Information (000977.sz) Incident Assessment Report Wave Information Quarterly Report 2024: The company achieved it in the first quarter of 2024
Rency@cfsc.com.cnbaoyc@cfsc.com.cn increased by 62.96 per cent over the same period.
The company achieved business income of $17,607 million in the first quarter of 2024, an increase of 85.32 per cent in the same year, a net return profit of $306 million, an increase of 64.39 per cent in the same year.
In terms of profitability, the company achieves a Māori rate of 8.08% in the first quarter (same ratio - 4.93pt) and a net interest rate of 1.68% (same ratio - 0.39pt).
116.47 per cent, mainly due to the increase in advance payments and the significant increase in contractual liabilities, is expected to result in significant future growth in corporate revenue.
According to the Chinese Assessment Report 2023-2024 on the Development of Artificial Intelligent Computers, human intelligence is accelerating from perception to generation intelligence, and China’s artificial intelligence and arithmetic market has grown rapidly. In 2023, China’s artificial intelligence services were expanded rapidly.
1. Wave Information (000977), i.e., the market size of the service provider will be 65 billion yuan, an increase of 82.5 per cent over the same period; smart computing scale, pioneer manufacturer, chhagpt triggering algorithms.
It's 2023-02-24, 59.3% long. The company is a server leader, covering the cloud computing laas layer series of products from various types of servers at the lower end of high school.
Open computing, green computing, is a global leader, leading the development and evolution of the ai industry, industrial aiatization, and smart capital. According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, corporate servers, storage markets, etc.
The occupancy rate continues to be at the top of the world. 1) The servers in 2023 are the second largest in China; 2) the storage of the top three in 2023 is the first in China; 3) the cold servers in 2023 are the first in China.
The text, the graphics, have shifted to the literary video field, the development of the one has moved from perception, intelligence to the generation of intelligence, the demand for arithmetic will rise dramatically, the server will need to continue to grow, and the company will continue to benefit as the server leader.
In terms of arithmetic, companies continue to promote technological innovation in the aigc field, and continue to strengthen it.
Operational layout of computing, algorithms, dispatch systems, release of a new generation-g7 computing platform, covering 46 new items for cloud-based computing, big data, artificial intelligence applications, among which the latest generation of i-training servers for integration architecture
Nf5688g7, which is almost sevenfold higher than the physical performance of the older platform models, and the release of a new generation of ai server nf5698g7, based on the open acceleration module oam high-speed interconnection, is in the production ai domain. At the algorithm level, the large source model is continuously promoted.
Technological innovation in the areas of literature, multimodels, and the continuous promotion of industrial applications in the fields of smart customer service, smart government, and intelligent literature.
The scale model, as the first full-scale multi-billion-parameter model, is excellent in programming, reasoning, logic, etc. In liquid cooling, wave information continues to be used as the "allin liquid cold" strategy to promote a green drop in data centres.
Carbon, to achieve universal servers, high-density servers, whole-office servers, one-service servers, four full-line products that support cooling fluids and continue to innovate in all liquids, cooler cabinets, freezer units, etc., in addition to being produced through liquid cooling.
Close cooperation up and down the chain, wave information actively leading the construction of liquid cold patents and standards, contributing to the virtuous development of the liquid cold industry. Demand falls short of expectations, new market opening risks, raw material supply risks, political winds.
Computers and small and medium-sized panels introduce computer and small and medium-sized industry companies.
Xu Shii: Master of Arts, National University of Australia. Zhou Wenlong: Master of Finance, University of Monash, Australia, reflects my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.