Trinity, the old photovolthead, actively hugging large sizes, the company keeps the component industry front-line for years, brands, channel values coming up, back on a.
After the city’s rapid expansion, components’ profitability is expected to return to warm; for the first time, coverage is given with an increased rating. The share of the old photovoluntellor heads, photovoltaic components, is in the world’s first echelons: Trina was established in 1997 as one of the first companies in the country to produce, develop and sell photovoltaic battery components.
In 2020, the company achieved its fourth place in the global share of its components in 2020, according to pvinfolink. When returning to the market, it expanded rapidly, actively hugging large-scale routes: the company returned to a share in 2020.
It is expected that by the end of 2021, the company will have built up a battery production capacity of about 35gw and component capacity.
50gw, which strongly supports the subsequent increase in output. The company’s new capacity is basically 210 feet fully compatible, and it is expected that it will have both technical and cost advantages and build on the scale.
To improve the profitability of the product, the component chain benefits from a return to profitability: the impasse in the supply and demand of photovoltaic terminals is expected to break, the pressure on the cost of photovoltaic components is expected to be released, and the profitability is expected to hit the bottom and enter the upward route.
As a backbone of the component, it is expected to benefit fully from this trend. Active layout follows up on the feeder business: in 2018 and 2020, the company acquired 51% and 49% of the shares of the European tracker company nclave.
There is a strong synergy with corporate component operations, power station construction, etc., to fully share corporate-wide supply chain systems, global marketing, etc.
The increase in the penetration of scavengers has become an important point of growth in the performance of companies. Price competition is more than anticipated; material costs fall short of expectations; photovoltaic policies fall short of expectations; and international Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Trade friction risks; technology iterative risks; and the impact of the new crown epidemic are more than expected.
The main operations include photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, smart energy panels. Photovoltaic products include the development, production and marketing of single, multi-crystal photovoltaic cells and components; photovoltaic systems include systems product operations (including tracking supports) and photovoltaic power station operations; and intelligent energy includes photovoltaic power and wiring services, development and marketing of smart microgrids and multi-energy systems, and energy cloud platform operations.
The global share of photovoltaic components is in the first echelon: the company was one of the first companies in the country to produce, develop and sell PV components, accumulated a wealth of industry experience in long-term production operations, established a stable and efficient production and distribution system worldwide, created a leading brand in the area of battery-based research and development manufacturing, with the market share of photovoltaic components remaining steady at the top of the world in 2017-2019.
The global share of the company component is number four in the year. A rapid expansion of production after a return to the market actively embraces a large-scale route: the company returned to the stock market in 2020 and quickly expanded its components after listing, and actively compensates for the short output of the battery, while investing in silicon and silicon links to upgrade supply, in partnership with the Tonway stock.
By the end of 2021, it is expected that the company will have built about 35 gw of battery tablets and about 50 gw of components, which will strongly support the subsequent growth of goods. The company’s new production capacity, which is largely fully compatible with 210 large-scale production, is expected to have both technological and cost advantages and to further raise the profitability of its products on a scale.
Active layout tracking support operations: the company acquired 51% of the netclave and 49% of the shares of the European tracker companies in 2018 and 2020, respectively, and fully entered into the luminous staircase market. Tracking the staircases has a stronger synergy with the company component operations, power station construction operations, etc., to fully share resources such as the company ' s global supply chain system, global marketing layout, and so forth.
2gw, a significant increase over the same year, with subsequent expectations expected to become an important growth point in corporate performance as the feeder penetration rate is tracked up.1) Taking into account company capacity planning and industry demand, the company is expected to earn $42.1224 billion in photovoltaic components in 2021-2023, and 2) taking into account industry demand, the company is expected to maintain a faster rate of revenue growth and stability in its photovoltaic feeder operations.
Relative valuations: we have selected Lungi shares for photovoltaic components, Crystal and Australasia, and the Convergence shares for main industrial chains as comparable companies and below industry averages; for the first time, coverage has been rated as increasing. Price competition is more than expected: there is still a risk of overcapacity in the photovoltaic component chain, and there is a risk of competition for product prices, or for profit.
Material costs fall short of expectations: restoration of the subsequent profitability of photovoltaic components depends to some extent on a reduction in the cost of the original supporting materials, which, if the cost of the materials falls at a slower rate than expected, will negatively affect the profitability of the subsequent component enterprises.
This could affect overall demand in the photovoltaic sector, thus putting pressure on the overall profitability of the manufacturing chain. The risk of international trade friction: exports to overseas markets are a major component of the sale of Chinese business components, such as subsequent international trade frictions, which are expected to escalate beyond expectations, may have a negative impact on the scale and performance of the components’ sales.
The impact of the new crown epidemic is more than expected: the new crown epidemic is still spreading globally, and if the impact of the new crown is more than expected, it could result in a global system.
Sexual and industry demand does not meet the expected risk.