High growth in component output, large size and integrated layout -- annual report, 2020.
For over two decades, the company has been working on solar photovoltaics, one of the company’s main products, which is sold to more than 100 countries and regions around the world. In 2020, the company generated revenues from its photovoltaic component operations.
22.53 billion yuan, an increase of 34.51 per cent over the same year. The company's component has delivered 15.915gw throughout the 20-year period, and Golfan continues to maintain a better level of profitability in the context of rising costs.
Foreign business income of $20,663 million, 70 per cent, an increase of 1 percentage point from the same year. We expect the overseas component to reach 12gw, a significant increase from the same year. The company's overseas Māori ratio is 16.69 per cent, 2.24 percentage points higher than in the country, and the company's overseas Māori contribution has risen to 20 years.
Seventy-three percent, of which the U.S. alone contributed more than 46%, benefited mainly from the company’s overseas production capacity, and strongly promoted large dimensions. The integrated layout continued to advance, with the company leading 210 mm-sized superpower component products in 2020, leading the industry.
Launching the 600w+ Product Innovation Open Ecology Coalition. Working with the industry as a whole to move to a new era of 210 high-efficiency clusters. Large-scale products have a clear advantage in bos drops, and so far, the RMS 210mm-sized "Supreme" component has been signed by more than 10gw and new products are marketed.
It's widely accepted. We expect an increase in the share of the company's 210mm component products in 2021. Bottom, the company has a battery capacity of 12gw and a component capacity of 22gw; and a battery capacity of 35gw is expected to be formed in 2021 (of which 210 mm-sized product is 70%) and a component capacity of 50gw.
At this level of capacity, the company battery self-sufficiency rate is increasing, and the level of profitability is expected to improve. We expect that the company’s component output will rise to over 30gw in 2021, with a doubling of growth, and the battery self-sufficiency rate is expected to rise to over 80%.
Active innovation, new growth poles, corporate smart tracker solutions have become the main way to explore the cost reduction of electricity. In 2020, the acquisition of 49% of the remaining shares of Spanish nclave became corporate.
A subsidiary, the main product of which is a tracking arm for the Sky-System Smart Matching System. In 2020, the company maintained a high growth rate of about 2gw, with a business Māori ratio of nearly 20%.
Capability projects such as the first phase of the production line for the production of lithium phosphate, the first phase of the pack production line, and the assembly line for the storage-capable container system have been jointly financed with Peng Fui Energy and now have a core capacity of about 2 gwh, which has planned an overall production profile of over 10 gwh.
It is accompanied by bms, pcs, ems, etc., which are designed to provide clients with life-cycle, complete system solution services and the integration of efficient and reliable storage systems.
Improvements will also benefit significantly from the increased concentration of components. In the next six months, my company's new production capacity will not be able to deliver as expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.