Quarterly performance forecast for 2021: strong profitability, performance of research assistant Wong Xiao-ho, mainly consisting of battery assembly blocks, power station operations q1 with a balance of profit and loss, and tracking of the back-up.
The company's 21q1 component is about 4.5gw, which is an increase of more than 75% over the same period, measuring 4%/w of the single-watt net q1 battery assembly, and a profit-making super-business colleague in the context of the rising cost of silicon, partly because of the company's better strategy of signing the bill.
On the other hand, due to the fact that the company q1 has a 70% share abroad and is more profitable overseas, we expect that the q2 share abroad will continue to rise to 80%. Of this, the United States market is highly profitable, with its large-scale share rising, and its output structure continues to be optimized.
This advantage is all the more prominent in the firm 210 route, with 21q1 large sizes of 30-40%, which is being strengthened by the rapid expansion of production and accelerated integration. The company plans to release $5,522 million in remoldable funds for the salt town annual production of 16gw battery chips, the second 5gw, and the three phases of the move.
8gw battery chips, the Salt City 10gw photovoltaic component project, and replenishment of liquidity.
We expect the company to double its sales of 4.0gw over 21 years.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s performance projections, and we expect to return to the net head of the unit in 21-23 years, tracking the buildup.
Incident: The company issued a 21q1 performance forecast, 21q1 achieving a net return profit of 211-253 million yuan, representing an increase of 37.91 per cent in comparison with the government subsidy, and we expect the performance to be largely composed of battery blocks, a profit/loss balance for power station operations q1, tracking an increase in overseas exports, and a single-watt over-expected increase of about 4.5gw. The company ' s 21q1 component has grown by more than 75 per cent in comparison.
Calculating q1 battery assemblies with a single-watt net profit of 4/w, super-industry colleagues in the context of the rising cost of silicons, due to the fact that the company has a better policy of signing orders, the dominant capture of high prices, and the fact that the company q1 has a 70 per cent share abroad and a high cost abroad, we expect that the q2 share will continue to rise to 80 per cent abroad.
Māori in the United States 36 per cent in 20 years, 22 percentage points higher than the Chinese market, with companies trading around 2.4gw in the United States in 20 years, Figure 1: Quarterly shipments (gw)
Figure 3: The distribution of the company’s quarterly component distributions is gradually increasing in size, and the output structure continues to be optimized. Under the price playing of the industrial chain, the cost advantage of 210 is more pronounced, with the firm 210 route, with 21q1 large dimensions of 30-40%, and with new production, the output structure continues to be optimized.
The company plans to release $5,252 million in revolving debt for salt city annual production of 16gw batteries, 5gw housing, 8gw housing, 10gw light volts in salt city.
The company has increased the self-supporting share of the battery expansion, which we expect to reach by the end of 21/22, with low levels of productive capacity, low costs of new production, strong profitability, and strengthened leadership. Follow-up pads are reloaded. The company will rely on group technology, channels, etc. after full acquisition of nclave.
Resources, further lowering of procurement and manufacturing costs, and increasing market share, we expect the company to track the build-up of 4.0gw over the 21-year period, with a doubling of the corresponding increase. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain the company’s performance projections, with a net profit forecast for 21-23 years.
The company has been accredited by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and has an investment advisory committee on securities.