Gore shares (00224) Quarterly Performance Review 2024: Three Quarterlys are more than expected, an increase of 160%. Of this total, 24q3 million won a single quarter, an increase of 2%, resulting in a net return to the mother.
The continued overperformance of the company is largely due to continuous enhancement of its lean operations and internal controls, while the structure of product lines is optimized to contribute to the overall improvement of the overall profit quality, not only in the ear of the tws, but also in the ear of the tws.
While the share of major clients and the volume of incoming goods has been rising, the Xr eyeglasses have been able to produce a new product that has contributed to the continued optimization of the company’s revenue structure, a rapid increase in profit margins, and a high Maori rate of precision zero.
With continued consolidation, ongoing breakthroughs in priority client projects, and renewed demand for all kinds of smart hardware, the Division will be able to achieve a full-scale start-up in all areas of the Ia terminal!
The Programme’s flagship status, ranging from optical components (vr), optical systems (ar), core algorithms, to intelligent whole-body design manufacturing capabilities, has an absolute advantage, working with the long-term depth of global technology plants.
The opening of the market is expected to lead to a significant increase in the volume of goods produced; (2) in medium-term dimensions, Ray-banmeta is expected to achieve sustained high sales growth for its representative smart glasses, benefiting from the ecological endowment of ai, company Gore (002241); event rating: proposed score
A full embrace of the core clients of smart glasses, promising a deep industrial trend; 3) a long-term dimension. See, in the 'i' era, the maturity of space interactive technologies, the expansion of applications, hardware and software.
Ecologically sound, the ai+ar glasses are expected to generate significant incremental demand in the future, the international giants are expected to accelerate the pace of the aar industry next year, and Gore is expected to lead the industry through the location of its core global suppliers.
Gore shares (00224): mid-2024 in the press, ai gives all kinds of smart hardware to warm up: companies insist on smart manufacturing + precision making double shifts, performance evaluation: product structure optimization, i-age growth.
Motions to create an industrial biosphere around a zero-sum strategy of 4+4+n, with a further improvement in the volume of new end-products under the ai-empowerment and a sustained improvement in the product structure, driving companies to continue to increase their profitability. 1) tws headphone design and core acoustic components are on the market.
In the lead, major client orders and shares are expected to pick up steadily, while the i-product overlaps are expected to contribute to a steady increase in the collection and profitability of the entire acoustic machine; 2) smart hardware, such as games, wearables, smart homes, etc., is expected to flourish, and there will be a diversity of clients and product types.
To improve the level of Maori in smart hardware; 3) to separate the company Golwa to market, to continue to enhance the layout in microelectronics, mems mics to lead the world, and to increase investment in mems intelligent sensors, sip advanced wrapping processes, in complementarities with the parent company, to bring in
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: three major financial forecast tables for Gore shares based on continued over-expected quarterly performance of the company and ongoing repair of profitability
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.