High-growth sales will benefit the Great Bay area in the future.
The company issued its annual report for 2018, during the reporting period, it achieved business income of 88.28 billion yuan, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the year; net profit returns of 15.24 billion yuan, an increase of 20.4 per cent over the year; sales of 17.6 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 51.26 per cent over the year; and sales of 8.27 million square metres, an increase of \triangleright
This year, corporate sales continued to grow faster, against the backdrop of a year-on-year slowdown in the size and volume of the country’s merchandise houses. On the layout, the Department of Public Administration has sufficient resources in the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong, and nearly 10 million square metres of high-quality resources are being planned, developed and built in an orderly manner and are expected to benefit in the future.
In terms of access to resources, the company is robust and has sufficient reserves to secure future sales. There are 80 new projects and expansions throughout the year.
In 2018, the company achieved a business income of 88.28 billion yuan, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the current clearing area and average settlement prices. By branch, corporate community development and operations continued to account for the highest share of revenues, at 89 per cent of total operating income; and campuses opened.
The largest increase in revenues from the same operations was 43%, mainly due to the carry-over of the Shenzhen Prince's Business Square project. In 2018, the company achieved a parent-to-mother net profit of $15.24 billion, a 20.4% increase from the same year, which together contributed to the growth in net profits driven by an increase in settlement income and an increase in the Māori rate.
In 2018, the company continued to focus on the three operational clusters of park development and operation, community development and operation, and the development and operation of the cruiser industry, using the integrated development model of “former port-central zone-backtown” and participating in the development of urbanization in China, as well as in important nodes along the way.
Nearly 60 cities and districts have been laid out, long-lease apartments have been rapidly developed, with a focus on low-cost asset rental, stock-market conversion, and a full-cycle business model based on the sophisticated Shenzhen market, covering the 13 first-line, core second-line cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Suzhou, Wuhan, Chengdu, Chongqing and Hong Kong.
In 2018, net corporate debt was only 45 per cent, down by 13 percentage points from 2017, and remained at a lower level in the industry. With regard to finance, in the broader context of the overall tight financial environment in the industry, companies set market expectations, adjust financing strategies in due course, and deepen cooperation with financial institutions.
An additional $20 billion in medium-term bills, super-short-term registration lines, smooth issuance of corporate bonds, super-short-term finance vouchers, long-term tickets, etc., directly financed $13 billion in real estate markets as a whole.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East is a strong civil engineering profession at the University of Qinghua, a two-degree law degree, a three-year career experience in leading housing companies, a certified accountant, and a first-level registered builder. There is a systematic understanding of the real estate sector, which is good at systematically analysing industry trends and company operations at both the industry and company levels.
Qinghua University has a strong civil engineering major, a two-degree law degree, three years of leading housing business experience, registered accountants, first-level registered builders. There is a systematic understanding of the real estate industry, which is good at doing a systematic analysis of industry trends and company operations at both the industry and company levels.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.