A robust growth in performance and low financing costs The annual 2018 report issued by the Commissariat: 88,278 million yuan in business earnings achieved by the company in 2018, an increase of 16.25 per cent; a net return to the mother of 15,240 million yuan, an increase of 20.42 per cent; and a basic increase of 20,42 per cent.
▪ Carrying forward speeds, improving profitability and high performance. Corporate operating income increased by 16.25 per cent in 2018 and net profit returns increased by 20.42 per cent in 2018; performance grew at a sharper rate than in the previous year, mainly in terms of: 1) rising settlement size led to steady growth; 2) continued improvement in profitability and gross sales
80 new projects with 13,570,000 square metres of expanded project resources, including 7.38 million square metres of equity, newly entered the cities of Fuzhou, Nanchang, Changjiang, Xu, Wenzhou, Yichang, among others, where the acquisition of the inter-country cruise port complex project in Chamjiang is a successful demonstration of the Hong Kong City Convergence project, which is well-placed.
The cruise mother's circle is complemented by high-quality project resources: companies actively promote mergers and acquisitions of 80 per cent of East Wind real estate and 100 per cent of Zhejiang Yun and Real Estate Group Limited and related claims during the year, and further upgrade companies in China and China.
Leverage levels have declined, and financing costs have continued to be low. The net debt ratios of companies in 2018 were limited to exploring innovative financing instruments to build diversified financing channels.
Bills of medium-term instruments, very short-term registration lines, smooth issuance of corporate bonds, super-short-term vouchers, long-term coupons, etc., $13 billion in direct financing: joint recruitment of the CMA capital, joint establishment of the Bank of Peace 1 and Commissary (001979): year-round
Investment funds, joint ventures, etc., to set up an investment base for the company's industry, Kim. Innovation explores the integration of the homeowners + shareholders: while the company's first domestic list is set up, sales rises and investments remain robust.
The stocking of long-lease apartments and bs products. A rich source of finance boosts the company ' s annual portfolio at a cost of only 4.85%, a slight increase of 0.05 percentage points from 2017, continued to improve its capacity within the industry and effectively increased the return on investment.
▪ Investment proposal: Merchant Snakes as the flagship company of the real estate block under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, positioning 3, Merchant Snakes (001979): sales to leading city and park integrated development and operation service providers are important core group asset consolidation
The company has sufficient reserves in the Australasia Bay region in Hong Kong, and will be well advanced in the future.
(personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); risk of exchange rate fluctuations; non-than-expected monetization of sheds; faster carry-over, continued improvement in profitability and high performance; 16.25 per cent increase in corporate operating income in 2018, and 20.42 per cent increase in net return to mother; and high performance rate
The main ones are: (1) a steady increase in revenue generated by the build-up of the settlement scale; (2) a sustained improvement in profitability and sales of Māori percentage points, which has been at an all-time high since 2013. Sales have continued to increase, and stocks of multi-modal support resources, such as Hong Kong City linkages, acquisitions, etc., have been raised.
With 13,57 million square metres of resources, including 7.38 million square metres of equity, new entrants into the cities of Fuzhou, Nanchang, Changjiang, Xu, Wenzhou and Yichang, among which the Tamjiang Merchant International cruise port complex project was acquired as a success of the “Port City Convergence” project to supplement high-quality project resources along with a full-scale cruise mother-port conglomerate; companies actively promoted mergers and acquisitions.
During the year, 80% of East Wind real estate and 100% of the limited public sector of Zhejiang Yu and the Real Estate Group were successively acquired, further raising the company’s resource reserves in China, China, and East China. The leverage level declined, and financing costs continued to be low.
In 2018, the company created an additional $20 billion in the medium term; a joint venture capital fund was established by the United Chamber of Commerce, the Bank of Peace, and a joint venture venture capital fund was set up by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry to explore innovative ways of integrating the homeowners and shareholders;
Creates the country’s first single-storage long-lease apartment cmbs product. The rich financing channels drive companies to combine their annual funding costs by only 4.85%, a slight increase of 0.05 percentage points compared to 2017, and maintain a significant financing advantage within the industry.
Merchant Snakes, as the flagship company of the real estate block under the auspices of the Chamber of Commerce, are positioned as the leading city and park integrated development and operation service provider, and as the group’s important core asset consolidation and business synergy platform. The company has sufficient reserves in the port of Honolulu, Australia Bay, and will benefit fully from the Gulf Development dividend in the future.
1) Higher volatility in the scale of sales in the industry: overall decline in the size of sales in the industry, and difficulties associated with home sales returns. 2) Policy adjustments result in business risks: mortgage lending rates go up significantly and home buyers ' mortgage repayments will increase significantly; and tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, leading to a decline in the scale of sales.
3) The financial environment is generally tightened: bank lending lines are tight, bond issue rates are high, business mobility is exacerbated 4) Business operations risks: change in the cadre of enterprise managers and core business staff, slow progress in construction, hard work, too aggressive exposure to the risk of funding shortfalls.
5. Exchange rate fluctuations risk: exchange rate fluctuations are expected to exceed expectations and firms are exposed to increasing exchange rate risk. 6) The re-monetization of sheds is not expected: the rate of re-monetization has declined significantly, the stock market in three or four-line cities has been fully insured