In 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income of 88,278 million yuan, an increase of 16.25 per cent, and a net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company.
In terms of access to resources, the company has a sound investment strategy, a sound investment strategy, and a strong synergy in land acquisition. During the year, the company added 80 projects and expanded 13,570,000 square metres of resources, including 7.38 million square metres of equity. New entrants to Fuzhou, Nanchang, and Nanchang.
In the cities of Zhangjiang, Xuzhou, Wenzhou and Yichang, among them, the Tianjiang Merchant International cruise port complex project was successfully acquired as a result of the Hong Kong City Convergence project, which complemented the quality of project resources at the same time as the distribution of the entire cruise mother-port ecology: the company actively promoted mergers and acquisitions and acquired the east wind in the course of the year.
The company's 80% shareholdings in east wind real estate and 100% shareholdings and related claims in Zhejiang Yun and Real Estate Group Ltd. further boost the company's resource reserves in China, China, and East China.
Most of the resources are concentrated in Shenzhen, including the world of snakes in the former sea snakes off the coast of the South Sea, the Prince's Bay area, the former Sea Mother's Bay area to the depths of the new city of Po An Airport, where the company's high-quality resources of almost 10 million square metres are being planned in an orderly manner.
Development and construction. On December 24, the commercial snakes and other parties, such as Shenzhen City, signed the Land Readiness Agreement and the Joint Venture Cooperation Agreement, which provide an innovative package of solutions to the problem of changing the nature and land tenure of the former sea, and provide an important basis for accelerating the development of the former Gulf Area.
Innovative whole life-cycle business layouts across the country. Companies are actively setting up new business patterns, with many openings in large apartments, big health, and large-scale projects, with the initial success of the transformation.
The construction of a full-cycle business model for the re-entry of production and stock exchanges, with a comprehensive coverage of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Suzhou, one/8085 long-rent flats project, based on the Quan Shenzhen market, for a total of nearly 24,000 apartments rented by the director of the country, was managed.
In total, about 980,000 square metres of size have been achieved, with full online access to the apartment smart platform. Health is well-incubated, and health care has been actively promoted in three areas: “Age, hospital, and healthy town.”
More than 1.1 million square metres, with 865 clients from the creative industry, with a cumulative value of more than 80 billion yuan;
▪ Multiple sources of financing to maintain low-cost advantages. In 2018, the company continued to maintain aaa's main credit ratings for credit and debt, adding an additional 20 billion medium-term instruments, a super-short-registry register, and directly financed $13 billion in corporate bonds, super-short-term finance vouchers, long-duration tickets, etc.;
The company’s combined capital cost is 4.85%, which is maintained.
▪ Investment proposal: the company increased its sales significantly in 2018 and settled its performance optimally, while retaining the “market index” index of this rating system, which is based on 300 indexes of depth. I am qualified for portfolio investment consultancy or considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude and independent and objective approach.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.