\triangleright review: increasing sales and increasing Māori ratio by comparison
\triangleright, with a 1.54 per cent increase in the sale of board items, a 5.21 per cent decline in the sale of steel pipes, and a corresponding sales of other steel items.
A core vision for the future: priority projects are moving forward and product structures are being optimized \triangleright high. Global launch of nine products, including silicon steel b23p080, was achieved in the first half of the year; new pilot products were sold in the first half of the year
3.268,000 tons, exceeding the annual target; industrial breakthroughs in multi-species of large scrap steel production. 2 priority projects are continuing. 200,000 tonnes/year of unopposed silicon steel product structure optimization (three steps): 1-quarter evaluation in 024: product structure continued to optimize, leader
Preparations are under way; 220,000 tonnes/year ultra-high-grade green manufacturing demonstration project for silicon steel: status is being consolidated - 2024/04/27 Preparations for construction; 220,000 tonnes/year high-end silicon green construction optimization project is under way
Preparations; Eastern Hill Base Zero Carbon High Level Slab Plant Project: Work is under way on stumps, basic works; Qingshan Foundation 550,000 tonnes/year new energy source unopposed silicon structure optimization works are currently under way on civil construction and steel structure application; Boshan Base Steel Plant 620,000 tonnes/year minibus product structural improvement: currently in place, project is under way
Assessment: Optimization of efficiency gains, improved performance loops - 2023 exchange of equipment technology; project to expand the range of plated varieties at the East Mountain base (with the maximum product thickness increasing to 3 entry to the Iron and Steel Lighting Base at the East Mountain to enhance the competitiveness of enterprises. 31 December 2023, Company
Quarterly evaluation of the year 023: Optimization of efficiency gains, with a tap of $4703 million to acquire 48.61 per cent of the share in Sunshine Co. Ltd. of the Shandong Steel Group, will help companies to better tap the synergies potential of the North and enhance the influence of the North ' s markets.
Review: Three-quarterly reports are under pressure and product structure is continuously optimized - 20 investment proposals: companies, as leading companies in the steel industry, continue to grow in terms of production and sales, while at the same time maintaining a “recommended” rating with domestic economics.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.