The company published its semi-annual report for 2018, with 2018h1 being achieved.
(b) Point. The performance of the 2018h1 company has maintained steady growth, while the net profit growth of the parent company has been significantly higher than the growth rate of the harvest, mainly due to (1) a smooth growth in domestic income (+7.15 per cent) and a rapid growth in overseas income (+22.31 per cent);
(ii) U.S. factories lost 127 million yuan in net profits (US$ 48 million in losses during the same period last year); and (iii) currency exchange gains of US$ 61 million (US$ 171 million in losses in exchange during the same period last year) resulting from the continuous devaluation of the renminbi.
The use of vehicle glass and the increase in the amount of asp (the unit price of car glass) were used to generate higher revenues than domestic car sales. As US factories swung out, the share of overseas cities continued to rise.
One billion yuan (85.34 per cent increase over the same period) is a net profit of 127 million yuan and a loss of profit (a net profit of -48 million during the same period last year). According to the company network and its search for fox nets, the company has factories in the United States, Russia, Germany, and the company is now expected to produce nearly 4 million car glass units in the United States alone, and is expected to increase gradually in the future.
With the gradual release of new production capacity in US and Russian factories, Fukuyo’s global share of domestic revenues is expected to expand steadily, and there is still room for improvement in the use of single-car glass and the rest of the rest. 2018h1 automobile glass has grown by 7.15% over the same period, faster than domestic output in the automobile industry (January-June 2018).
Automobile output increased by 4.15%. Domestic revenue is expected to continue at a higher rate, benefiting from the increase in the use of glass in bicycles and the increase in the use of the rest of the paper.
As a result of the upgrading and consumer demand for driving experience and functionality, the use of bicycle glass has increased at a rate of 1.4 per cent over the past 10 years, and has now reached a level of 5 square metres. The accelerated penetration of the windshield (the front windshield is tilted to a larger angle) and the panoramic skylight (the area is about 1 square metre) is expected to accelerate in the future.
There's still a lot of room to increase the use of car glass. Foyo, as a domestic car glass tap, needs the car glass.
American factories are beginning to lose profits on high-value car glass products such as soundproof glass, water-sick glass, spd light glass, plating insulation glass, ultra-UV-segregated glass. The higher value added glass ratio has increased, and the company's car glass has continued to rise.
Glass of Favour: The reported performance net of loss on exchange is still steady, rising from $136.83/m in 2014 to $158.63/m in 2017. As domestic consumption rises, the demand for high-value-added car glass will grow further, and it is expected that the asp will continue to rise.
First, there has been a steady increase in performance, with net profits growing faster than operating income.
Profit: $1,869 million, an increase of 34.80 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 41.96 per cent, a decrease of 1.02 percentage points in the same year; net interest rate of 18.53 per cent, an increase of 2.64 percentage points in the same year.
U.S. factories lost $127 million in net profits (US$48 million in losses during the same period last year); (3) renminbi continued to depreciate production; RMB 61 million in revenue earned on exchange (US$ 171 million lost on exchange during the same period last year); corporate performance in the first half of the year met expectations and core growth logic remained unchanged: 1) increased global market coverage through overseas construction plants: 2)
In terms of profit margins, the Māori rate of 2018h1 was 41.96%, a decrease of 1.02 percentage points compared to the same period last year; net interest rates of 18.53%, if the product rate was lower because the United States factory was still in the early stages of production; and net interest rates of the company in the first half of the year were due mainly to the fact that it was still in the early stages of production.
The rapid decline in the cost rate during the period was due to a significant decrease in the financial cost rate (the current currency exchange gain was RMB 61 million and the exchange loss was RMB 171 million during the same period last year) and to a reduction in the management and sales costs of companies through effective cost control.
Figure 3: Corporate Māori and net interest rates for the last five years
The number of working days for the disbursement of accounts (115 days), a decrease of 16 days from the same period last year, shows an improvement in the efficiency of the use of funds: figure 6: The company ' s cash cycle for almost five years, 47.84 per cent, and the liquidity and velocity ratios are still greater than 1, thus making short-term liabilities less at risk of being unpayable.
Dupont's analysis allows the breakdown of roe into three factors: profitability (net interest rate), operating capacity (asset turnover) and indebtedness (power multiplier), with the rise in roe arising from net interest rates (with a much lower cost rate during the period) and equity multiplier increases (with companies continuing to achieve robust growth in single-quarter revenues, with net profits benefiting from increased exchange earnings.
Operating income of $5.337 billion, an increase of 18.18 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1,306 million, an increase of 88.37 per cent over the same period; Māori ratio: Māori and net interest rates for companies for nearly 12 quarters; Figure 14: Three cost rates for companies for nearly 12 quarters
The U.S. factories are running out of money, and the share of overseas cities continues to rise.
The share is about 66%, and it is a well-deserved domestic faucet of car glass. Figure 15: Fukuyo’s domestic layout China
Domestic auto glass masters re-engineer abroad: To expand their overseas markets, companies have been investing in factories in the United States since 2013, and have now established modern production bases and business institutions in countries such as the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan, and Korea, as well as six design centres in China, the United States and Germany, with about 26,000 employees worldwide.
Figure 16: Global Global Design and Development and Business Agency Floating Glass and Car Glasses
Overseas revenues have grown rapidly, and there is much room for future upgrading: 2018h1 Motor Glass overseas revenues have increased by 22.31% over the same period last year, significantly exceeding the growth in autoglass revenues in China, and the trend is more evident. According to the Public Prosecutor’s Network, Fukuyo’s share in the global automotive glass market is only around 25%, and there is much room for improvement in overseas markets.
In the US, Russia, and Germany, according to the company network, Fukuyo has plant layouts in the US, Russia, and Germany, which are now expected to be close to 4 million car glass units in the US alone, and is expected to increase gradually to 8.5 million in the future.
Gradually released, Foyoshi’s share of the world’s cities is expected to continue to rise. Thirdly, domestic revenues are steadily increasing, there is still room for increasing the share of the domestic market (about 66%) for the use of bicycle glass and the rest of the rest, and there is relatively little room for raising the share of the domestic market in the future.
The growth in entry will depend mainly on the use of bicycle glass and an increase in the value of asp (overagesellingprice, in this case car glass unit). The domestic revenue of car glass from the 2018h1 company increased by 7.15 per cent over the same period, and the increase in revenue was higher than the output of the automobile industry (2018 panoramic and slashed windshield use will drive the continued increase in the use of bicycle glass: according to the Gestapo Institute of Automobiles, the increase in domestic revenue is higher than the increase in the output of the car industry.
As a result of the upgrading of glass manufacturing techniques and consumer demand for driving experience and functionality, the use of bicycle glass has grown at a rate of 1.4 per cent over the past 10 years, and has now reached a level of 5 square metres. In the future, the use of bicycle glass remains high owing to the use of slashed windshields (which have become larger inclined in the front windshield) and panoramic skylights (which cover approximately 1 square metre).
The company, as the country’s engine of car glass, is expected to increase simultaneously. More productive capacity is available in the country, and the supply of future products is guaranteed: according to the company’s network of officials and search-and-fox information, the Fyo Tianjin factory (two million car glass units per year, to be expanded to four million in the future) was piloted in 2016, the Liaoningburn Creek plant (yearly).
Four hundred and fifty thousand tons of floating glass were officially built in March 2017, with nearly 30% of the lift space at the Suzhou factory (four million car safety glass units per year). High-value-added glass has increased: the company has now developed, for example, hud ups showing glass, soundproof glass, and abominable water products.
High value-added car glass products, such as plating glass, diaphragm insulation glass, and ultra-UV-segregated glass. Benefit from high value-added car glass products. As domestic consumption rises, the demand for high-value-added car glass will grow further, and it is expected that the asp will continue to make recommendations on four, profit projections and investment.
Profit projections are based mainly on the following assumptions: 1) Auto-glass operations: a steady expansion of domestic production capacity of around 2 million units per year; offshore production of capacity as planned by companies, with the US-Ross plant continuously operating; and asp rising year by year.
2) Other operations: other business income from the removal of car glass accounts for a smaller share of the company ' s total revenue, assuming a certain increase in business income and a small decline in the Māori rate. Overseas plant output is not as fast as expected; vehicle glass use is not increasing as expected; high value added glass products are falling at a low rate