In the annual report of the Automobile Group: steady growth in the winter, with a high score of brightness, events: annual company report 2018, with a gross operating income of $90,2.2 billion, a year-on-year increase.
The joint venture brand is strong in the cold winter, and the city’s share is rising steadily. The sales of the upper and upper gas are stable throughout the year, and the city’s share in the winter has increased slightly. The upper gas population introduced a number of new products in 2018 to complete the product spectra, and sales are expected to complete the climb in 2019; the upper gas pool forecast is expected to be completed in 2019.
Nearly 10 new models will be launched in 2019, with a high-end production of joint-venture branded high-end products contributing to higher profitability. We believe that the upper mass and the upper-gas commons are expected to rise further in the future, thanks to excellent product power and market ownership.
Autonomous brands are growing up backwards. Leading brands up. Autonomous brands are selling 730,000, or 36.5 per cent more, together. After rx5, i5, mg6 and zs sales are climbing up the slopes and becoming new sales for 100,000 camps a year.
Total equity/flow (million shares) Marvelx, built by car, highlights its leading power in the era of motor change, leading the product in total market value/flow (millions)
Upwards. The vehicle is the vehicle, the company speeds up the platform layout and perfects the industry layout of the 12-month-old maximum/minimum line, second-hand car and insurance service, car owners, etc.
High dividends, high dividends, and a different choice for value investment. Companies managed to grow positively, showing strong competition, with a 4% drop in industry sales, and the upper gas group (60104) " Pacific Cars " .
The Upper Gas Group Annual Report predicts that the winter is expected to pick up growth in the second half of the year, with consumers paying more attention to character, industry leaders or depths, the Upper Gas Group (6001044).
With the upgrading of the brand structure and the acceleration of the autonomous branding, which will continue to pick up year after year, we give the company a 10-fold dynamic valuation in 2019, corresponding to the target market value of $378 billion, and maintain the “buy-in” rating.
On the top of the annual report of the Steam Group: steady growth in the winter, high scores in the red and bright.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.