On April 22, 2019, Shinda's outstanding push points for the industry: the market is weak and the policy is on the ground, and the hydrogen-energy automobile industry is showing up at the Shanghai Car Fair.
The National Chamber of Commerce and Industry and the Chamber of Commerce of Automotive Dealers issued an open letter on building a new market for healthy development up and down the industrial chain, calling on automobile producers to re-examine business models, ease stock pressure on distributors, and work with distributors to deal with industrial transformations.
The Ministry of Information and Communications made public the eighth edition of the Catalogue of Energy Conservation and New-Energy Motor Vehicle Models, which includes a total of 389 new-energy vehicles, including 17 electric hybrid vehicles, 358 pure electric commercial vehicles, 8 electrical hybrid commercial vehicles and 8 fuel cell commercial vehicles.
Grove Hydrogen can travel in a car show in Shanghai, launching hydrogen suv Euroshows, suvs and hydrogen high-end cars like Grannie. The Orths campaign and the Orths are officially starting a pre-sale with a price of $750,000 to $1,000,000.
New vehicle dynamics: Jianghuaievs4 is officially on the market, and the new car is launched in a four-car type that subsidizes the sale price range of US$ 12.950 million - US$ 15.950 million. Kjea K3 announces a pre-sale price of US$ 10.558 million - US$ 13.28 million.
The company is an absolute leader in the country’s automobile industry, which has been able to re-energize the country’s entire chain of products, such as cars, spare parts, post-markets, automobile finance, etc.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd., Autonomous brands continue and joint ventures stabilize the industry. In 2018, the company ' s Autonomous Brands sold 730,000 cars year-round, compared to the same year.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City City has grown by 36.5%, and is leading the country’s car industry at a faster rate. In the past five years, Eon Weirx has sold more than 200,000 vehicles, and Lord zs and New Mgs have sold twice a hundred thousand class camps in six years. The company’s joint venture continues to occupy the top four seats in the country’s total sales.
The company continues to deploy new energy technologies, the new three-power core technological innovation and the development of a completely new electric vehicle's exclusive architecture. The company continues to increase its knowledge, planning, decision-making, and implementation of critical smart driving systems development, and to further develop cross-border cooperation with well-known domestic and international enterprises, such as Ali Baba and Mobileye.
Technology, to speed up the construction of high-voltage mobile platforms and large ecological services.4 Weak consumer policies have improved, and low-valued poles have emerged. The vehicle market has continued to be weak, car consumption incentives have been stagnated, and automobile sales are expected to improve. In 2018, the company plans to implement a cash share of $14,721 million, with a clear-cut advantage for the low-value industry.
Van Haibo, Executive Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Master of Science (Geochemistry) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Master of Management (Finance) of Concordia University, Canada. Senior engineer at the General Research Institute, Metallurgical Department, Canada.
Seven years of study, seven years of empirical research in North American financial markets, and several financial market papers, including: reviewaboutsmarkets, journalportfoliomanage, journalftrading and other leading Euro-American journals, auto industry research assistant, serving leading car manufacturers such as upper gas groups, Jili automobiles, seven years of strategic research, market research, product planning work experience, joined the Sunda securities in June 2017, and engaged in the auto industry, Sinda Securities Holdings, Inc. (hereinafter, the “Budak Securities”) with the qualification for portfolio investment consulting, which has been endorsed by the CVC.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.