Upper Steam Group (600104): Performance was robust, research and development continued to be highly invested and influenced by the domestic car market, with a four-quarter drop in revenue faster than the previous quarter. With the overall weak growth in the domestic car market in the fourth quarter, it was four-quarters.
The Division managed to collect $22.74 billion, a 13.4 per cent decline in the same year, and achieved positive growth in both the return and net profits. It is a matter of concern that the company ' s non-net profits fell by 1.5 per cent in 18 years, mainly as a result of the government ' s contribution throughout the year.
After adding $900 million to the discount, and after completing the acquisition of the subsidiary Chinese cars, it was established that a one-time premium was included in the current investment return, resulting in non-recurring gains and losses.
It is 24.1%, an increase of 1 percentage point in the same year.
The medal of honour and the title showed a remarkable performance, with 730,000 sales a year, an increase of 36.5 per cent over the same year. The Rongwei 5 model was sold hot, Lord zs became the new global model, mg six years into 100,000 class camps. It's worth one.
It was mentioned that the company had achieved 142,000 new energy car sales throughout the year, a 120 per cent increase over the same year, with 97,000 new energy vehicles sold under its own brand name, a five-year high growth rate.
• Corporate Māori rates are stable, and R&D inputs continue to add up. The increase in promotion preferences due to increased competition in the company ' s automobile market throughout the year is associated with a stable rate of company sales and management costs, with R&D spending reaching year-round.
To 15,385 million yuan, an increase of 18.21%, of which is associated with autonomous R & D costs and investment in smart network areas, sustained R & D investment is expected to gradually yield benefits to companies in the future.
The net cash generated from the camp activities was $8,976 million, a decline of 63.06 per cent from the previous year, and the client deposits absorbed by major subsidiaries during the current financial period accelerated more rapidly than the “new quadrupling” and business patterns continued to improve.
With R & D input, the company has completed the layout of key technologies and products such as the “three power” core technologies, high-power fuel cell reactors, and has set up joint ventures with the Ningde era, British Flying Stone to improve the industrial chain up and down.
Cooperation; in terms of intelligence, the company's deployment of smart driving decision controller iecu has been developed and breakthroughs have been made in areas such as high-precision maps, v2x Car Union communications; in terms of sharing, the global car has reached 62 cities across the country.
Car owners have opened 1,700 shops in 118 cities around the country. At the same time, the company has started a full-scale layout around travel-related financial services, ubi creation of new vehicle insurance, Angie leasing, and so on.
National, Indian, Indonesian bases were well advanced, with 277,000 overseas sales having increased by 62.5 per cent over the year.
The new quadruple layout continues to grow, new energy automobile sales are rising, and, against a background of low growth in the automobile industry in the country, the company, as a leader, will benefit from the industrial dividends of increased market concentration. We maintain the company’s “precautionary advice.”
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but it does.
The information and the views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in the present report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial resources, etc.
If necessary, consult with a professional consultant on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.