Selective car and car parts, plus group sales rating: whether or not to keep pace and get into stock, event: company release of May sales data: total sales of 481,000, less than the same year
16%. Of these, 154,000 were sold by the public, a 10% decline in the same year; 550,000 were sold by the same vehicle, a 6% decline in the same year. The six-way break into the stocking cycle. The car market has been very low since this year.
There is a different degree of decline in the general sales of gas to the public and to the upper ones. Country VI is implementing a four-car drive to the stock market, and the upper mass to the upper gas to the stock level is now fully in place. It is expected that sales will continue as country VI begins to implement the rules to promote car consumption.
The auto-cars are the champions of the auto-cars, which have successfully built the Rx5 model and the pure electric car poles of marvelx. New items in 2019 are not yet on the market, but in terms of new car planning, it is either a vision-i or a leading one.
At the beginning of the policy, the vehicle returns to the cycle. The three ministries publish the promotion of the total market value/flow of cars (millions of dollars).
The core of the consumption programme comments is to increase the target of a maximum/minimum limit on the acquisition of city plates and not to add a maximum/minimum limit on the purchase of cities for 12 months, which is expected to boost the consumption of second-line city cars.
A drive-down policy may be effective in promoting the demand for cars in three or four-line cities. Automobile consumption will improve in a step-by-step manner, and the network distribution of front-load companies will be rich, and it is hoped that the full benefits will be realized.
Report: Industry through the valley, leading business, review: steady growth in the winter, high marks, upper steam group (6001044).
The upper-mortality group reports, the upper-mortality group reports, the upper-mortality group reports, the upper-mortality group reports, the upper-mortality group reports, the upper-mortality industry reports, the upper-mortality industry reports, the upper-mortality industry reports, the upper-mortality industry reports, the upper-mortality industry reports, the upper-mortality industry reports.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report