Quantities of car and car parts available for consumption: industry through the valley, leading to sound business event: company announcement of q1 to generate operating income of 1960 billion yuan, a 16.5 per cent decline in the same year;
Joint ventures and autonomy face challenges and remain competitive in the downturn of the city. Voltage on 209q1 fell by 8.8 per cent and car sales by 13.1 per cent, and vehicle use fell by 17.5 per cent. For the first time, companies faced negative growth in single-quarter joint ventures and autonomy, which also reflected low vehicle prices.
The industry as a whole is challenged. But with strong competitiveness, the city’s share has risen steadily. We expect sales and performance to be on a new four-fold strategic layout, controlling the dynamic pulse of automobiles.
Products such as smart networking and sharing, which we believe will flourish over the next two years in the overall equity/flow (million shares) strategy for new energy and internationalization; overseas market sales are expected to reach 350,000 in 2019.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Global branding influence with high growth and uplifting of vehicles; 12 months of maximum/minimum in new energy sectors
The Division has launched the pole-car marvelx, which is well-arranged in the fuel cell area, and has now launched the fuel cell logistics vehicle fcv80, which is commercialized in bulk, and has released the latest fuel cell-car-by-carg20fc, which is an indication of the results of a variety of future technological routes.
Upper Steam Group (600104) Annual Report of the Upper Steam Group Review: Steady Growth in the Winter, High Scores, Growth is expected to resume in the second half of the year, Consumers are more focused on integrity, Industry’s Lead Markets take over
The upper-mortality group (600104) may continue to improve steadily.
Upper Steam Group (6001044).
Quarterly review of the upper-mortality group: the industry travels through the valley and the dragon runs a solid institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.