In April 2, 2019, the Upper Gas Group disclosed its annual report for 2018. In 2018, the company achieved business income of $90,2194 million, an increase of 3.62 per cent over the same period.
In 2018, corporate business earnings and net return profits were steadily growing, and performance indicators grew faster than sales. The company sold 7,052,000 vehicles throughout the year, a 1.8% increase compared to the 1.8% increase, and the company’s business performance was lower than expected owing to the low demand in the vehicle market in 2018.
\triangleright tens of thousands of class camps. Corporate joint ventures continue to occupy the top four seats in the country’s total sales.
Intelligent electric layouts are beginning to yield results, service eco-efficiency is exploring new spaces. The company continues to deploy new energy technologies, new three-power core technological innovations and new \triangleright exclusive architecture development are continuing. The company continues to increase its awareness, planning, decision-making, implementation, etc., of critical smart driving systems, and further progress is being made.
The company is constantly optimizing its services to the eco-system, using technologies such as artificial intelligence, and accelerating the construction of upper steam, mobile mobility platforms, and services to the eco-economy.
\triangleright’s market downturn has continued, with the low-valued advantage emerging. The company’s February Sales Express shows that sales of business plates fell the same time in the first two months of 2019, and the car market’s low and weak performance continued. In 2018, the company’s proposed cash share was $14,721 million, and the industry’s leading advantage was evident.
\triangleright’s preponderant growth potential, and we maintain a corporate “uptake” rating. Risk factors are: significant downside risks in the automobile market; and industrial policy changes exceed expected risks.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Pedagogical Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Van Haibo, 9th School of the City of the West Side, Beijing. Master of Science (geochemistry), Master of Management (finance), University of Concordia, Canada. Senior engineer at the General Institute of Survey and Research, Department of Metallurgical Research, Ghana, for seven years, in empirical research on North American financial markets, and several financial market papers in Europe and America, among others.
The report is produced and published by the CVM. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.