The reason for the report is that the company's sales are expected to improve as a result of the pressure of the joint venture brand.
On May 13, 2019, the company released its April 2019 Express, and in April 2019, the company ' s car sales increased by the same amount as the company ' s sales, while the joint venture brand remained under pressure.
\triangleright also has a weak sales position, with a rapid decline in production and sales and a greater increase in monthly and aggregate sales than in the previous month.
On May 13th, 2019, the U.S. General Mitsubishi, Nanjing Ivico monthly sales increased by the same amount, while the U.S. motors increased by the same amount.
Volkswagen Ivík sales have been reduced to varying degrees and sales have improved. The highest/lowest in the year: the industry as a whole has performed weakly and the joint brand has held up the company’s performance.
\triangleright \triangleright, influenced by multiple supply and demand factors and the six-standard standard for some urban countries, in April 2019, with zero share market value (billions):
The industry’s overall performance is weak, and the company’s base has been larger over the past year, folding together with the general use of general and upper gas for Mitsubishi zero sales and the weak performance of wholesale end-to-end sales, which are a drag on the company’s performance as a whole. Policy + product, the company’s output is expected to improve.
In the short term, Shanghai has implemented 6b emission standards for light vehicles registered in Shanghai since 1 July 2019, including the transfer of foreign provinces, and has added a subsidy for new energy vehicles.
Industry and companies are still under pressure. In addition, the Upper Gas Group has set up a $3 billion incentive to support the replacement of the Shanghai III and below emission standards with old ones, with preferential policies plus product advantages, which are expected to boost corporate sales to a certain degree.
In addition, the company has a wide range of vehicle types, based on quadruple, joint ventures and autonomous progress, and the country.
On the basis of this, the company is expected to have a high security margin on the 28th floor of Trade Center A, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
Intercenter, 7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. is at risk: significant adjustment of industrial policies; continued downswing of macroeconomics; and lower than expected sales of cars.
In April 2019, the number of retail passenger cars in the narrow sense of 1.58,000, corresponding to 16.9 per cent, and the ring to 13.8 per cent, was lower than in previous years, and the company ' s vehicle sales were equally weak.
Autonomous brands are improving, joint brands are under pressure, and the upper steam is doing well and joint ventures are under pressure. In particular, there is a significant difference between the upper and closed ones, where only the upper gas is growing at the same rate as the higher one-month sales, the upper gas is general, the upper gas is popular, the upper gas is general, the upper Mitsubishi, the Nanjingyi is high.
The monthly sales of WikiLeaks have increased by the same amount, while the uplifts by cars, Shanghai Schenvo, and the uplifts by Ivico have narrowed by different degrees, and the sales company, as the leader of the car industry, has a clear technical advantage, with the city taking a long lead in the industry. Moreover, the company’s vehicle-type coverage has been wide, based on quadruple, joint ventures and autonomous co-progress, and positive domestic and overseas placements have provided companies with a high security margin.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have not received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for not having done so, for not having done so, or for not having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.