Corporate review report  Automobile industry upper-mortality group (600104.sh) advanced the “new quadrupling” strategy.
Li Zeqiang publishes its annual report for 2018. The company has achieved a gross operating income of $9,021,19 million, with (i) revenue growth in line with expectations, with a steady growth in the reverse market.
As a result of China-United States trade frictions, economic downsides, and increased competition in the industry, the automobile industry has fallen by 3.8% in total, while corporate sales have risen by 1.8% in the cold and winter months of the city. Companies have increased their non-recurring profits by 2.1 billion dollars throughout the year, mainly due to government subsidies of 900 million dollars and more.
A one-time premium on the acquisition of small-car lights in the Chinese sector is taken into account in the return on current investments. (ii) Autonomous brands are growing strongly, joint brands are strong, autonomous brands are proud, titles are sold 730,000, an increase of 36.5 per cent over the same period, with new energy sources.
The company’s three major whole-car companies continue to occupy four top seats in the country’s entire stock market. When the auto-Audi project takes hold, they will show up in the luxury car market.
Joint ventures bring a total investment return of $25.9 billion a year, a decline of 8 per cent, mainly end discounts, and (iii) advanced the “new quadrupling” strategy, ensuring long-term development, in 18 years.
The group sold 142,000 new energy vehicles, a 120% increase over the same year, with new energy sources and the Internet, with cars selling more than 40% and leading the industry; the upper Chase fuel cell light passenger product took the lead in commercial bulk operations in three cities in the country, including Shanghai. At the same time, the company was new.
A round of “triple power” core technological innovations and the development of a completely new exclusive architecture for electric vehicles continues to be advanced; On board, the Great Eggbt product is delivered in bulk. In the context of smart network connectivity, technical research in the field of smart network foresight, such as 5g, is carried out in collaboration with the Internet and mobile communications giants.
Standard systems are built; and a class A mapping qualification for national navigational e-map production is obtained, and the successful global marketing of the first digital smart network car, Marvelx, also marks the landing of intelligent industries such as navigation, assistive driving: in terms of sharing, companies use innovation.
A market-based approach, such as a new fund, has led to the operationalization of the “go-and-go” network; in the internationalization of the company, 277,000 vehicles were exported and sold overseas in 2018, an increase of 62.5 per cent compared to the previous year, and the overall export sales were ranked first in the country for the third year in a row, with a further expansion of its leading position.
(1) The automobile industry has a low profile and (2) the volume of sales is not as high as expected