The auto industry q3 is starting to show negative growth and sales in four quarters.
Keeping double-digits down, the company, with the advantage of a leader, grew 1.8 per cent year-on-year sales and 3.62 per cent revenue-on-year sales, demonstrating its ability to outperform the industry. But q4 was more under pressure, mainly because of varying degrees of decline in general sales on the joint brand and q4 quarterly collections and returns.
The net profit of the mother fell by 13.4% and 21.7%, respectively, and the company splits $12.6 for every 10 shares, and it spreads to high-end and high-profile pre-disposition technology. As we can see from the new new Pasadet, which has been introduced by the public, it's already high-end and old-fashioned.
Lightening development: In parallel with the start of construction of the meb plant in Shanghai, the second phase of the drill is about to begin, the company has set up a forward-looking research department to develop network and autopilot technologies. The small suv market, which is about to be released, has a high interest and is expected to be sold at $13-14 million, and is expected to become a bomb.
Changes in apparel and the use of smart network technologies will enhance the competitiveness of the motor vehicle type. 2019
We believe that with the start of the new car cycle, the general sales volume and performance will be strong. New cars, with sales growing across borders, have increased by 36.5% over 18 years, with performance losses.
There's some relief. With a stronger motor vehicle development capability and a more dynamic, intelligent web-connected layout, a new multi-blank vehicle will be launched, and with i5, i6plus, a new Rx5 and a new energy vehicle on the market, we believe that the autonomous brand will continue to grow at a higher rate.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We believe that companies will benefit from the industry recovery cycle, with companies expected to value the company 10 times the value and maintain a “recommended” rating.
3 Upper Steam Group (600104: beautiful in the storm), 4 Upper Steam Group (600104): Joint ventures with two wings flying, car finance providing additional support, 2018-09-03
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.