In the event, on 30 April 2019, the Upper Gas Group disclosed the first quarterly report of 2019. The company achieved gross operating income of 2002 billion yuan in the first quarter of 2019, a decline of 16.18 per cent over the same period.
Market demand has continued to weaken, with net gains falling. The company’s business performance has been largely synchronized with sales performance, with business earnings and net profits falling both. The weak market performance is expected to continue, with auto market sales being pressured into joint ventures, with plates performing better than the industry. In the first quarter of 2019, the country’s vehicle sales fell by 13.72 per cent. From the company’s business modules market table,
\triangleright analyzes the pressure of the autonomous module and the joint venture has outperformed the market performance. In the first quarter of 2019, the car company achieved a full sale of 150,000 vehicles, together with a research assistant at the Qing Gang.
The sale of 468,000 vehicles on board was a decline of 8.8% in the same year, while the sale of 427,000 new vehicles on board was a decline of 13.1% in the same year, with incentives for car consumption being implemented successively. Smart electric layouts are beginning to yield results, service eco-optimizing new space. The company continues to deploy new three-power core technological innovations and completely new technologies in the field of new energy technologies.
Projects such as the development of an exclusive structure for electric vehicles continue. Companies continue to increase their awareness, planning, decision-making, implementation, etc., of critical smart driving systems, and work further with well-known domestic and international enterprises, such as Alibaba, Mobileve, and others.
\trianglerights maintain a corporate “uptake” rating.
Risk factors: significant downside risks in the automobile market; industrial policy changes that exceed expected risks.
Pedagogical Director of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Van Haibo, 9th School of the City of the West Side, Beijing. Master of Science (geochemistry), Master of Management (finance), University of Concordia, Canada. Senior engineer at the General Institute of Survey and Research, Department of Metallurgical Research, Ghana, for seven years, in empirical research on North American financial markets, and several financial market papers in Europe and America, among others.
The report is produced and published by the CVM. The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVS and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to specific customers mentioned above.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.