18 years of growth, looking at the company's continuing leading industry.
18 Year-round collection/sale of 90,2.2 million vehicles, or 3.6 per cent per 1.8 per cent more than year-on-year, offset by an increase of 0.1/0.0/0.0 million in the average sales price of the three largest joint ventures, respectively, sales at the profit end: a slight decline in the Māori rate, an increase in the cost rate and a deduction of the non-profit rate.
\triangleright percentage point. The non-recurrent gains and losses are mainly the result of investment gains resulting from the step-by-step acquisition of cars in China ($1.36 billion).
\triangleright 1) New quadrupling: 142,000 new energy vehicles sold by companies in 18 years, 120% more than in the same year. Upboarding British and British fly-by-gbt, batch delivery, fuel cell, smart network R & D and products are steadily moving forward; 2) Internationalization:
In 18 years, the company achieved full vehicle exports and overseas sales of 277,000 vehicles, an increase of 62.5 per cent. It has formed three offshore bases, 11 regional marketing service centres, and more than 500 offshore marketing points.
The expansion of overseas markets will be a source of growth in cars, and we believe that the upper-mortality reserve will be sufficient and will continue to run. In 18 years, the company’s domestic market has been up to 24.1%, and we believe that the advantage of size will guarantee the company’s continued investment in R & D, less than expected, an unexpected recall, freeing up the entire stock ratio, and the impact of China’s trade frictions.
The upper gas group (600104) reported a high rate of innovation in new sources of energy with higher growth. 2. The upper gas group (600104) reported a high level of sales in April:
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Private Securities and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.