Large banks with narrow profit margins and steady interest differentials, net profits from the first three quarters of the Big Bank have declined in support of reduced operating costs and reduced provisions.
The firm’s interest-rate margin remained stable, the cost of the debt was clearly down, and the book balance was low, but the base of the provision had to be further tightened. Given the firm’s modest base of profit reduction, the spread remained stable.
The profit decline was significantly narrower and the rate of growth was lower, while the rate of growth in the first three quarters of the Big Bank was slightly lower than the rate of non-interest income performance, which was 6.6 per cent higher than the rate of 2.5 percentage points lower in the first half of the year.
With respect to interest income, as a result of the slowdown in the size of the third quarter, the rate of growth in the first half of the year decreased by 1.9 percentage points to 9.2 per cent compared with the rate of the first half of the year, with the company strengthening its operations cost management and a 5.1 per cent decrease in its operating and management expenses compared to the previous quarter, and an 11.1 per cent increase in its net profit before the company was set aside, while decreasing as the impact of the epidemic subsided.
At the end of the period, we measured a 2.15 per cent interest gap in the three quarters of large banks, with the ring ratio largely stable, with an asset-bearing asset yield ratio down by 16 bp and a liability end-cost ratio down by 15 bp.
The decline at the end of the three seasons was roughly the same. The share of large bank deposits in liabilities at the end of the three seasons was stable at 73%, roughly the same level as at the end of the six-month period, and the apparent downswing in estimated end-of-the-life costs was mainly due to company adjustments to the structure of deposits, which reduced some of the high-cost deposit products.
At the end of the three seasons, the loan ring of the large bank increased by 1.54%, the total asset was affected by the condensed asset of the partner, the ring dropped by 1.87%, the loan rose by 1.9 percentage points to 54.7% as compared with the total asset at the end of the six-month period, and the end of the three season bank of the large bank was at a bad rate of 1.53% and the ring dropped by 2bp.
The negative sales rate was 2.04 per cent, a slight increase of 12 bp over the two-quarter period.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
There was a sharp decline in profits, a small drop in the rate of increase in revenue, and a small drop in the rate of growth in non-interest-based income in the first three quarters of the Bank, a 6.6 per cent increase in the same year, compared with 2.5 percentage points in the last six months. The non-interest income split shows a 24.2 per cent decline in investment returns and a 2.7 per cent decrease in net fees income compared to the first half of the year.
Between points and 9.2 per cent, business cost management was strengthened in three quarters, operating and management fee expenditure was reduced by 5.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, net profits were increased by 11.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while, as the impact of the epidemic subsided, the company suitably reduced the build-up of the provision in three quarters, and debt cost support spreads remained stable in three quarters, with credit ratios increasing further.
At the end of the period, we measured that the three-quarter interest gap between large banks was 2.15 per cent, and the ring ratio remained essentially stable. Of this, the interest-bearing asset rate was 16 bp, the end-of-the-end cost ratio was 15 bp, and the negative end of the period was roughly the same. The share of large bank deposits in negative debt at the end of the three season was stable at 73 per cent, roughly the same level as at the end of the six-month period, and the apparent downfall in estimated end-of-debt cost was due mainly to the company's contribution to the deposits.
Growth is expected to be associated with a certain degree of reduction in high-cost deposits. At the end of the quarter, the loan ring of Grand Bank increased by 1.54 per cent, total assets were reduced by 1.87 per cent as a result of condensed assets, loans increased by 1.9 percentage points in total assets at the end of the six-month comparison, and the account base was to be strengthened.
In the context of increased write-off disposal by companies, the provision was 182.1% at the end of the three seasons, the net profit in the first three quarters of the larger banks fell by 2 bp. We measured the negative yield of 2.04% plus write-offs in the three quarters, a small increase of 12 bp over the two quarters.
As a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development is more relevant to economic development. Economic development influences the performance of the real economy as well as profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Down the line, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.