Recommended (first coverage) The breast mackerel is strong and the core competitive advantage is clear.
China’s breast milk industry has developed in a comprehensive manner, leading to the emergence of a generation of milk kings. From 1956 to 1992, it began: from cattle-raising cooperation groups to specialized dairy farms and milk-food processing plants: 1993-1996, long-term: business changes are becoming increasingly clear, and the net profits of the harvest and the return to the mother have increased dramatically: from 1997 to 2009.
Major period: extensive layout, with 20 billion yuan in revenue; flight period 2010 to present: the world's top milk industry, with hundreds of billions in revenue. In terms of equity structure, the company's equity structure is relatively stable, and the chairman, Mr. Pangang, has a firm stake in the company and demonstrates long-term development confidence; and several rounds of implementation are under way.
Equity/restrictive stock incentive schemes, long-term growth of support companies, liquid milk series, which constitutes the basic board of company performance, milk powder and cold drinks, have been developed in tandem. Corporate liquid milk series products have continued to grow in scale in 2003-2021, with an average annual compound rate of growth
The early start of the cold-drinking business and the stability of its income make it the third largest development block of the auxiliary liquid milk business and the milk powder business. The market in the dairy industry has the potential to increase its size.
The average milk consumption per person in the village is lower than that of the urban population, and there is much room for penetration; the average milk consumption per person in the country is low and there is much room for future development, compared to the other large milk-consuming countries. At the same time, the breast milk industry has moved from price wars to profit levels, which in the long run are double.
The oligarchic pattern will lead to a slowdown in competition and contribute to the overall high-quality development of the industry; while dairy products, for the benefit of the upgrading of consumption, can contribute to indirect price increases through product restructuring. Specific categories include the dominant market for warm milk and stable oligarchic patterns; and the consumption of low-temperature dairy products.
The upgrading trend, which has developed rapidly in recent years; cheese, another important part of dairy products, with strong competition in the market; high-end milking in infants and young children, with large adult milk production space; cold-drinking functions; and diversity of properties, with Eli and Monx in the forefront of the industry.
In terms of products, brands, channels, and whole industry chains, the firm's core competitiveness is prominent. On the product side, the company's product matrix is well developed, and continuous innovation is upgraded. In terms of specific products, the company continues to build super-big monoliths, with constant energy on warm white milk and pyrolytic milk; and at the same time, it is active.
In the cold-drinking business, companies have taken the lead. On brands, companies have invested a lot of advertising to diversify their brands, continuously raising their brand profile, while internationalizing them.
On the way, the network of channels is comprehensive, deep distribution models are well developed, channels are co-ordinated, channel penetration is strong, and there is room for continuous uplifting. On the whole industry chain, the distribution of domestic milk sources is extensive, laying the groundwork for companies to develop over the long term.
Firm foundations; sustained international pooling of global niche resources to build a global industry-wide ecosystem model for dairy. Corporate strategic objectives are clear, and it is hoped that the first goal of global dairy will be achieved.
Risks to the quality of products; industry risks; recurrent risks of the epidemic.
In 1956-1992, when the cattle-raising cooperation group began: from the cattle-raising cooperation group to the specialized dairy farms and milk-food processing plants, Eli’s predecessor dates back to 1956, when the cattle-raising cooperation group was set up in the Hout and Holt areas, and changed in 1958 to “Call City-to-People-to-Community dairy farms” with only about a thousand cows.
In 1970, the dairy farm was renamed the “Red flag cow farm in the city”, in 1983 it was divided into “Rushback cow farm in the city” and “Rushback milk food processing plant in the city”.
In 1993, the milk and milk processing plant in the city was modified to establish a company with limited shares in Inner Mongolia's Ili Industries. In the same year, the Ministry of Ili Cold-drinking Industries was set up, which managed the company according to product categories, started a branding business model, and the layout became clear, which was the basis for the company's 19-year-old lead in cold-drinking industry.
The firm base was established. During this period, the company’s revenue was increased from $48 million to $355 million, and the parent’s net profit was put on the market. The following year, Mongolia’s Ili Industries Group Inc. was officially established.
The company has since entered a period of boom, starting with the division of the Ministry of Enterprise into the structure of the company, with the creation of the Ministry of Liquid Milk, the Ministry of Milk and Powder, the Ministry of Acid Milk and others; and the continued introduction of multi-innovation product-led industries, including yogurt milk, ceremonial products, and the golden crowned baby.
Children's products, gold-collar organic milk, condensed milk and milk for qq star children, etc., became a dairy provider for the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2010 Shanghai World Expo. In 2005, the public administration received over 10 billion yuan, and in 2008 over 20 billion yuan, of which the industry concentrated melamine in 2008.
The event affected a short-term loss for the company, but in 2009 it was quickly lost. The flight period 2010 to date: the world's top milk industry, with hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue. This phase of the company's branding of “breathing life” as a new brand idea, has continued to shine on international platforms and brands.
The strategy for internationalization has been steadily advancing, including the establishment of the largest dairy technology institute in Asia, the creation of the European Research and Development Centre in cooperation with the leading Dutch university, and the creation of a production base in the ocean with New Zealand.
At the same time, the global milk industry continued to run first in the “Global Dairy Branding Potential in 2021.” In 2021, the company collected $11,144 million, broke the 100 billion mark, and the net return to the mother grew steadily. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved $93500/861 million in net return to the mother, compared to the same amount.
As of the third quarter of 2022, the top three shareholders of the company had a central settlement in Hong Kong.