Hainan Airport (600515.sh): To the east of the port of Hainan, to focus on the airport plus duty-free, to sail on, to reshuffle, to introduce State capital: to reshuffle the company, to be the largest state corporation, China Development Control Unit in Hainan Province
Decapitation, 26 October, official name change. Clearing debts, Focus Airport & Duty Free, as of 22h1, corporate loans amounting to about $20.5 billion, with a combined cost of 3.05%. In the future, the company will be based on the airport ' s main business, with free commercial property, a real estate hotel service, and two main wings, empty capital.
Airfield assets are of high quality, and flight 7 gives maximum freedom to domestic air hubs in Hainan: 7 airports owned by companies, 2 airports owned by companies, and 2 airports managed to export 2 airports, of which San Phoenix airport is the core revenue.
Source: 77% shareholding, 22h1 contributes 27.02% to the Bírómica, which is expected to continue to expand as the construction of the San Phoenix 3 terminal progresses. In addition, the Hainan Freeport also enjoys policies such as the Seventh Seaway, the Bonded Air Oil, which is expected to attract more businesses, such as fresh and cold chains, air transport, etc.
Intensive participation in off-island duty-free operations is expected to benefit from industrial growth dividends: 1) participation in tax-free shops: the company owns 49% of the tax-free stores at Merlan and San Phoenix Airports, and 50% exemption in the Hainan Sea.
In the first three quarters of 22 years, investment earnings amounted to $6.9 billion, in addition to the new or expected opening of the Sanya airport tax-free shop in the near future; (2) provision of premises for rent: the company provides property for the tax-free shops in the two main cities of Haiguchi Day and Moon Square and recommends that attention be paid to the follow-up of the rental contract; in addition, the company collects Sanya airport.
Tax-free shop rent, 22h1, for a total of $122 million; 3) lift point: the company charges rent for three drop-off points at San Phoenix Airport, Day Square at Haiguchi and Bojong Airport, and $32 million at 22H1 Sanya Airport.
“Derealization” will be gradually advanced: through accelerated de-listing of stock projects, de-diversion of parts of projects, companies will continue to take advantage of market opportunities such as the Hainan Free Trade Ports policy and the economic development of airports, building on the advantages of airport and airport resources, and focusing on off-site industries to facilitate the transformation of real estate.
Investment proposals: The company, as an important participant in the construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, is expected to benefit from policy and development, with long-term growth and certainty in airports and duty-free operations.
Risk factors: Epidemic-related risks, macroeconomic downside risks, increased market competition, policy risks, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the Shuda Stock Exchange as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the new Sinda Consumers Group.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.