On December 18th, 2022, the Cdf Seagate Moon Square tax-free shop was renewed in principle.
Keywords: #Territorial Change #Short Assets  Seanan Airport Public Notices to disclose Subsidy signed with Global Exony Tax Free City ' s Replenishment Agreement for Tenancy Contract 's Replenishment: Corporate Disclosure on the Night of December 16, 2022, Holdings subsidiary, Hainan Sea Island Business
A supplementary agreement is signed between the company's tax-exempt and business-based principals and the global conservancy-free city to adjust the contract for the rental of the gate in the square of the Sun. On the basis of maintaining the annual base rent at $48 million, the monthly turnover rate is changed from 8 per cent to 3 per cent.
Items are in addition to 3c digital products, such as apples. Billions of dollars: based on market research and negotiations between the parties to maintain the share of rent and turnover in the original base, due to the lack of a valid market-based pricing when the parties first entered into lease contracts in 2021
The higher rent model, which lowers the rate of market-based deductions to achieve a win-win win, is expected to reduce revenue by approximately 77 million yuan in the year 2022 for the mainland business, and profits by about 77 million yuan, and the net profit on the return of companies to their mothers is expected to decrease by about 62 million yuan.
At the same time, the Sea Island Business also provided rent for the Cdf Moon Square tax-free shop, and the contract is being renewed: the Cdf Plaza is also the property of the Cdf Moon Square tax-free shop, which is currently being charged rent in the form of a fixed rent. The lease contract expired on 31 October 2021.
The company is currently actively negotiating contract renewals with China, based on market-based principles. According to the company, the rental rate will also have an impact on the renewal of the contract for the tax-free market in the cdf square of the month, subject to follow-up disclosure.
Hainan Airport (600515), a single three-quarter profit forecast and investment rating: China's global rent cutbacks affect short-term profits. We, China, are more affected by the epidemic, waiting for the epidemic.
The Hainan airport is deeply involved in the construction of the Hainan Trade Port, and is expected to enjoy a sustained recovery from the Hainan cruise to the island and a non-traded port policy dividend.
Port builder, East Hawaiian pilot.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board