The introduction of new products has contributed to a significant increase in performance in the medium term.
Quarterly sales revenue of $4.35 billion, an increase of 63.9 per cent over the same period, attributable to net profits of 380 million shareholders in listed companies.
The increase of $8.22 billion was 74.4 per cent, with consumer electronics revenue rising by 15.62 per cent, or 68.2 per cent, of total income. Despite a slight decline in the volume of pc exports of computer-connected products, revenues from automobile Internet and communication Internet products grew by 28.9 per cent and 23.3 per cent, respectively.
On the field, revenue growth in both domestic and foreign markets has been largely at a flat pace, and companies are symmetrically pushing their customers’ products at the consumer electronic end, both within and outside the country, with reliable product competitiveness and a robust market share. The Māori rate is on the slope of product restructuring, with operating costs increasing with performance: the company’s overall Māori rate in the first half of the year.
The decline of 1.6 percentage points in the same year is due mainly to the fact that the continued spread of new products still requires a climb in the Māori rate, while changes in product structure have reduced overall Māori rates. The consumption e-product Māori rate has fallen by 2.3 percentage points in the same year, but the ring is equal and is climbing.
The increase was accompanied by a small 0.1 percentage point decrease in the overall cost of the three rates, which remained largely stable.
Investment in product and business innovation is ongoing, with significant growth in performance in the first three quarters and increased growth space brought by continued product release: corporate expectations for the first three quarters of the year
At the product level, with the innovation and delivery of products such as apples and three stars, the volume of products such as company connectors and wireless chargers is expected to increase significantly, the market size of the domestic typepe-c continues to grow, the company has an advantage in this area, and orders are expected to grow and the cost of products will rise.
Precision: In the second half of the year, performance is driven by a decline in products. The company's multi-programming strategy of “advanced product to new customer markets” and “exploitation of new product applications among older customers” will provide room for performance growth.
- Quarterly performance ratings: new product output release, with high performance growth in the first half of the year.
During the reporting period, the company achieved $8.29 billion in sales revenue in the first half of 2017, an increase of 74.4 per cent, of which $4.35 billion in sales revenue in the second quarter, an increase of 63.9 per cent in the same year. The company ' s partial segmentation of the market within the industry has established a leading position and enhanced profitability through continuous technological accumulation and market layout and further opening of sources.
Strong manufacturing power, with some of the company's new products released during the reporting period, boosted the company's overall business performance by a net profit of 380 million yuan, an increase of 88.7 per cent in the same year, compared with a growth rate of 51.2 per cent in the first quarter, and continued the company's main business of 21.7 per cent in the first half of 2017, a decrease of 1.6 percentage points in the second quarter of which gross
The interest rate was 22.5%, a decrease of 0.8 percentage points in the same year, but the Māori ring ratio recovered with last year's listed iphone audio feed, mac connection and hand-watch wireless charge, and non- apple type-c and fast-loading operations.The cost of running the business in the first half of the year was 1.7%, the cost of running the business and the financial cost of 1.0%, respectively.
In the second quarter, 1.7 per cent, 10.9 per cent and 0.9 per cent, respectively, increased corporate performance, with significant increases in overheads other than taxes and fees. Of the $848 million in management costs in the first half of the year, R & D investment by companies amounted to $559 million, accounting for management.
(i) There has been a steady and substantial increase in both domestic and foreign markets, with the Māori rate of new products climbing, and RMB 6,76 billion in corporate sales in overseas markets increased by 74.7 per cent in the first half of 2017, compared with a decrease of 0.1 percentage points. Overseas income accounts for 81.6 per cent of total income, which is the same share as last year, but it is significant.
The Māori rate in the domestic market has remained almost the same as in the same period last year, with a slight decline in the overseas market, mainly as a result of the restructuring of the product structure last year, where the new product Māori rate is going through a process of climbing. In fact, the Māori rate in the overseas market has increased by 2.0 percentage points over the second half of last year during the reporting period.
(ii) Changes in product structure, significant growth in consumer electronics, and a decrease in the overall Māori rate
Income from brain-connected products was $1.63 billion, a decline of 9.4 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in the volume of pc shipments in recent years. Income from auto-connected and telecommunications Internet products increased by 28.9 per cent and 23.3 per cent in the same year.
The change resulted in a decline in the overall Māori rate, and the continued promotion of new products has led to Māori rates going through the climb process. (iii) Performance guidance: a significant increase of 50-70 per cent is expected in the previous three quarters, with companies actively opening up new business around large clients while maintaining a dominant product and niche industry, and continuing to be deployed. (iii) Performance guidance:
At the same time, firms continue to improve their processes, optimize their exhibition processes, and actively promote automated modules that reduce the growth cycle of new products in order to facilitate the continued growth of business efficiency. The market for new products is expanding at a slower pace than expected;
Increased competition in the market has led to lower profitability of companies.