The year's performance is in line with expectations to continue to see a lot of strategic prospects for synergy and differentiation at the Base.
The company issued an advance announcement on its performance for 2018, which, based on initial financial sector estimates, is expected to realize net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in 2018. The net profits for the fourth quarter are resilient and are expected to be equal over the third quarter. The company achieved a net return of $19.17 billion in 2017, with an increase in performance by \triangleright
The increase in profits between $1.5 billion and $2.3 billion announced was between $20.67 billion and $21.47 billion in the previous year, in 2018, the net return to the mother. The firm ' s price of the company ' s core strategic products was strong in 2018, and the price rebounded in the first quarter of 2019. Four quarters of performance was mainly due to the company ' s differentiated strategy, with high-end prices not influenced by a sharp fall in the price of the market ' s mainstream products.
The prices of products such as company heat rolls, acid washes and plateboards continued to rise in October-November, until December, when prices began to turn down by 100, 80 and 150 ton, respectively, below the prices in the third quarter. The company’s core strategic products were frozen, silicon rings were rising and falling in the third quarter, with plating plates and plating rings down by 50 and 100 ton, respectively, and unopposed silicon steel rings were flat.
In contrast, paintboards, aluminium-plated zinc and silicon-led steel have increased by 300-400, 150 and 500 tons, respectively, over the three-quarter period. Moreover, the continuous improvement of the quality of the Yangtze River and the huge potential for synergy of the BMW are expected to be significant. The entire line of cold-rolling lines at the Tamang Base will optimize the product structure, and the share of cold-rolling and plating plate products will continue to increase. At the same time, the certification rate of production lines and products entering high-end markets is expected to be completed.
The supply of high-end areas, such as plate, home-based electric steel, will be further enhanced, and the price and Maori rates for the cold-rolling products of the Yangtze River are expected to continue to rise and become more profitable. The BMW information consolidation process continues according to the node plan, with the first phase of the manufacturing management system on line, laying the foundation for the full-scale mitigation efficiency of the Qingshan base, which will be rolled out in 2019 and will be expected to lead to the future of the company.
The company’s profits were historically high and its value was clearly underestimated throughout the year. In 2018, the company’s profits were historically high. According to the pb/roe model, the company’s profitability is now at a high level in almost 10 years, with performance forecast for the fourth quarter of the year still expected to be 50% split, compared to the fourth quarter of the year.
However, according to our model, the company is expected to maintain a profit level in 2018, which remains at 50% of the split, with the equivalent pb at least one plus, i.e., the same effect gradually becoming apparent, and the company’s profitability will continue to grow in the future, and the corresponding pb will have greater scope for restoration. Cash flows are expected to increase significantly throughout the year.
Three hundred and thirty-seven billion yuan in operating accounts receivable have increased cash flows by $8.36 billion, resulting in a cumulative net cash flow of $36.75 billion in operating activities, representing an increase of $23.62 billion, or 179.9 per cent, over the same period last year, excluding the influence of financial companies, profit projections and investment ratings resulting from corporate operations in the 1-3 quarter of 2018: (1) We see that the Commission will adopt in the near future a policy of stimulating automobiles, household electricity consumption, motor panels, household electricity.
The demand for products such as panels is expected to improve marginally, while company product pricing and Māori rates are expected to be maintained with the promotion of high- and super-high-power motor panels; (2) China oil has recently made clear that it will continue to increase upstream capital spending to safeguard energy security, and sales of corporate pipelines will continue; (3) the country is pushing ahead with ultra-high-voltage transmission to power projects, electric steel products have an absolute lead in technology and market ownership, and prices and profit margins are expected to continue to grow.
Continuous improvement; (4) optimized product structure and improved supply capacity of high-end products, with profitability to be matched to the Pocahontas base; (5) Table 1: An overview of the value of the Treasure Steel stock product; Figure 2: Roe-pb split trend
The supply side reform is not as expected; downstream demand is not as good as expected.
Name. 2014 million information year: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are Accurate Third in Real Estate." 2016: Study Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry.
Ph.D. in Engineering, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, 2015-2018 for product development and research in bountiful steel, with in-depth understanding and research on products, technologies and production in the steel industry, and the May 2018 accession of Eung Hing securities, with specific recommendations or views directly or indirectly related.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.