Researchchand developmentcenter has sustained robust operations and long-term security of orders.
– China Construction (601668) First Cover Report 12/09/2022 China Construction (601668.sh) semi-annual performance report released on 30/08/2022
\triangleright Construction in China (601668) 6 months of gross operating income of about 1.06 trillion yuan, an increase of 13.2 per cent over the same year; attributed to listed company shares
The company’s business indicators are robust, highlighting the fact that the leading players still have a high level of \triangleright performance security in the face of external environmental impacts. The company’s business earnings grew by 13.2% in the first half of the year, and the net return to the mother grew in the same year.
11.2 per cent, net profit from non-repatriation increases by 1.4 per cent over the same period, with a small increase in the utilization rate of housing and capital operations, respectively, influenced by factors such as exchange gains and losses, as well as a slight increase in financial costs. In addition, companies increased their R & D inputs, focusing on green construction, intelligent construction and industrialization of buildings, R & D costs
This represents an increase of 39%. Companies are prepared to reduce their value by a total of $8.64 billion, of which financial assets, such as receivables, have a credit impairment of $7.03 billion, mainly as a result of the continued expansion of the company’s operations, the ageing of its accounts and the external environmental impact.
The housing construction order was expanded to include housing projects in Central Africa, with high Māori capital-sign cards growing at a much faster rate than buildings, project structures continued to be optimized and future profits secured.
The market share of new contracts for industry-led construction increased from 9.0 per cent at the end of last year to 12.3 per cent, and the share of circulationa (%) of which the value of new contracts for housing construction was $131.75 billion, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the previous year.
A 20 per cent decline in the same year, a 23 per cent increase in guaranteed housing and 12 per cent in educational facilities belonging to public construction projects, a 71 per cent increase in the same year in industrial plant projects with a greater ability to repay, a billion yuan increase of 31.1 per cent in the same year, far exceeding the growth rate in housing construction projects and providing for the future quality of the company ' s income
In the first half of the year, company real estate contracts were sold at $186 billion, a 15 per cent decline in the same year, of which Haitian contracts were sold at $11.7 billion, a 28 per cent decline in the same year, and Chinese property contracts at $68.3 billion, an increase in the same year.
5 in Chengdu and 3 in Shanghai, with 5.57 million square metres of newly acquired land reserves. The company owns approximately 95.8 million square metres of land reserves, and the stock of property is concentrated mainly in first-line and provincial cities. First-line cities account for 32.8 per cent of the company ' s property stock, up 5.1 pct from 21 years.
Policy funding to support infrastructure, which is expected to accelerate in-kind workload in three quarters, is expected to lead the country's efforts to “pick Sunda Securities Company” and the Liang. The country regularly emphasizes policy funding to support infrastructure, with an emphasis on $300 billion in policy development.
Itd sex finance instruments have been added to the project by over $300 billion, along with building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
Japan’s regular meeting noted that commercial banks are financing priority projects, and the state’s support for capital projects has increased further.
To create a more in-kind workload, the traditional “Holden 10” tool for catching up during the season is set up with a profit forecast: capital projects are well funded and progress is expected to accelerate in three quarters, while local \triangleright
Real estate policy is heavily regulated, and “Inner City policy” is expected to bring marginal improvements to property. Corporate housing is expected to remain stable and active in high-end markets, while seizing policy opportunities for “moderate ahead investment in infrastructure” and capital city occupancy is expected to rise further, while companies are expected to increase.
Risk factors: investment in infrastructure has been significantly reduced, the epidemic has repeatedly affected the pace of construction. \triangleright, trillions of building estates, and deep profit infrastructure has grown steadily
China’s buildings are the home-grown poles of construction and real estate, the first in many years. China’s buildings are one of the first, most integrated, and largest investment-building groups in the country’s professional development, city-based operations, leading the industry in areas such as housing construction, infrastructure construction and investment, real estate development and investment, and surveying and designing.
One of the most powerful investors in China is the world’s largest engineering contractor, with China’s construction ranked first in seven consecutive years on the enr “Global Contractor 250” list.
Figure 1 Construction of houses - New sites, Figure 4 Real estate investment and development - Mid-Hishan Lake family in Beijing, Figure 3 Infrastructure construction and investment - New airport in Beijing
Figure 6 Overseas Operations - National Convention Centre of Panama, Figure 5 Survey Design - Shaanxi Museum of History - Corporate House Construction has an absolute advantage. China’s construction has an absolute advantage in the area of housing construction and construction, insisting on “high-end markets, high-end markets, high-end buildings,”
The marketing strategy of high-end clients, high-end projects and the business strategy of “low-cost competition, high-quality management” pursues high-quality engineering by keeping their potential to the bottom of their heads, and is dedicated to providing global clients with a full, one-stop package of high-level, large-scale, sophisticated, sophisticated, difficult, built-up projects. Companies continue to build up in super-high buildings, large-scale space structures, rapid construction, green.
On the one hand, it relies on technology, management, and talent. On the other hand, it is on urban orbital transport, high iron, megabridges, highways, municipal roads, city halls, and city halls.
The construction of ports and shipping routes, electricity, mines, metallurgy, petrochemicals, airports, nuclear power plants, etc., has developed rapidly, and has completed many classic projects: on the other hand, relying on strong capital, they have rapidly developed into China's top infrastructure finance developers, and have invested in a large number of national and local priority projects in the country, including in bt, bot, ppp, etc.
The company is committed to vertical integration of investment, development, design, construction, operation, services, etc., and after many years of expansion, it continuously upgrades its capacity to hold assets. The company is gradually tilting its land reserves towards one core city, and the structure of the land plate is constantly changing.
Figure 7 Corporate organizational structure (as reported in mid-2022) II. New contracts are growing steadily, capital operations are growing at a sharp pace
Upgraded, the number of new contracts signed by companies as industry leaders rose from 9.0 per cent to 12.3 per cent at the end of last year. The value of new contracts for the construction of houses in China rose by $131.75 billion, or 9.1 per cent, compared to the previous period, with a 20 per cent decline in the number of residential projects, a 23 per cent increase in the number of guaranteed housing and educational facilities for public construction projects, and a 12 per cent increase in the number of industrial plants with greater repayment capacity.
The company has continued to enhance its core competitiveness in such areas as super-high buildings, large-scale space structures, rapid construction, green construction, and intelligent construction, and has continued to consolidate the housing sector. The company has seized capital-related policy opportunities for high-quality development and has been active in opening markets in new infrastructure, new energy, 2022.
In the first half of the year, the value of new contracts for high Maori capital projects was 51.8 billion yuan, an increase of 31.1 per cent over the previous year, far exceeding the growth rate of housing construction projects and providing a strong guarantee for the future quality of the company ' s revenues.
Figure 9 Company home construction orders and growth rate (millions of yuan) Figure 10 Corporate capital construction orders and growth rate (billions) Figure 11 Corporate housing construction operations break down the number of newly signed contracts and growth rate
In the context of external environmental impacts, the company has good financial data, robust business indicators and high performance security. The company achieved business income of RMB 1.06 trillion in the first half of 2022, an increase of 13.2 per cent in the same year; the net return profit of RMB 28.503 billion, an increase of 0.2 pct and 1.7 pct in the same year, and the efficiency gains of the company’s real estate business continued to show.
The increase of 3.7 per cent in the same year, with a Māori rate of 21.0 per cent, is a decrease of 4.1 pct in the same year due to downside factors in the real estate sector.
Figure 14 Company 22h1 receipts per business as a percentage of company 22h1 Mäori operations as a percentage of company 15, Figure 17 Changes in overall Mäori rates and net interest rates
Figure 16 Changes in the Māori ratio per operation per cent, with sales costs of $2.98 billion, a decrease of 4.1 per cent from the same year due to a decline in commissions for the sale of real estate operations, and a decrease of 0.02 per cent from the same year for management costs of $16.70 billion due to increased fees. Financial costs of $9.06 billion, resulting from interest charges and exchange gains and losses
The same period last year saw an increase of 77.9% over the same period, with companies increasing their R & D inputs, focusing on green construction, intelligent construction and construction industry, with R & D costs increasing by 39% over the same period. Companies are prepared to reduce their impairments by a total of $8.64 billion, of which figure 19 shows management costs and growth rates for financial assets such as receivables.
Figure 20 Corporate R & D costs and growth rates, Figure 21 Company financial costs and growth rates, Figure 26 Company pay-and-pay ratio
Capital projects are well funded, progress is expected to accelerate in three quarters, while local property policies are heavily regulated, and “Integration” is expected to bring marginal improvements to property. Corporate housing operations are expected to remain stable and continue to function in high-end markets, while seizing “moderate ahead investment in infrastructure” policy opportunities, capital city occupancy is expected to rise further, while firm orders are being filled
We believe that China ' s construction as a leading home builder is expected to be 3.96 in 2022 and that, in 10 years of history, the company ' s current stock price is less than the historical average of more than one standard difference.
Figure 28 shows a significant decline in investment in infrastructure, and the epidemic has repeatedly affected the pace of construction.
Joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Center in July to study the direction of building materials. The components were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.