In the first half of the year, the Agricultural Bank grew by 3.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the company maintained a positive growth in its performance at the same time as a positive and profitable growth rate, and the statement reflects the positive trend towards a steady “promotion” in the company's operations. First, the company's financial advantage in the district is the firm's financial advantage.
Second, firm size continues to grow at the top of the list, reflecting changes in corporate management and stimulating the company’s client base potential. At the same time, the positive performance of fees and fees also reflects the company’s business upgrading. Third, the company’s asset quality is stable, stock allocation remains low, and risks are being resisted.
District financial advantages persist, and core recommended companies still have a strong capacity. At the same time, we see that allowing profit and weak external demand to suppress corporate asset yields, coupled with lower capital costs for the public stock, and a relatively weak reduction in deposits and so on, create a constant pressure on interest differentials.
In the first half of the year, in a weak external environment, with limited credit needs, the agricultural banking sector, and the agricultural banking sector, the financial sector, which has been in the middle of the year, continued to grow.
The proportion of businesses in the district has been rising, with the first half of 20.4%, higher than the Bank’s credit growth rate of 4.5 percentage points.
The revenue from fees has been rising steadily, while the revenue from other non-interest-related fees has continued to grow. The company’s revenue from fees has increased by 2.5% in the first half of the year over the same period, declining by 0.3 percentage points over the first quarter, and is still rising.
The impact of the growth in loan income, the 13.1 per cent increase in fees for consultants and consultants, the positive growth in settlement income, the total market value of electronic banking (millions of yuan), trust and commitments, and the small negative growth in agency and bank cards, and the income from intermediate operations
With improved corporate governance and business development, there is still room to raise fees.
Value gains have increased, and investments in precious metals and foreign exchange operations have all contributed.