District financial contributions have increased and performance has improved at a positive rate. Events: 29 August, Agricultural Bank disclosed mid-2023: 2023h1 net profit from mother-to-child ratio + 3.48% Agricultural Bank (601288)
High scale expansion and steady performance. 2023h1 agricultural bank revenues increased at a higher rate than the previous year q1 q1 . The growth was mainly due to a high rate of expansion of the size to supplement the price. q2 end asset and loan growth was at a faster rate than q1 end.
The reduction in net interest differentials was narrow, and the deposit rate went down. Agricultural bank 2023h1 recorded a 1.66% net difference, compared to Zhang Xiaohui.
The weight price of stock, such as mortgages and personal housing loans, dropped by 14 bp in 2022, and the credit was put in favour of public business related to manufacturing and infrastructure, compared to medium- and long-term public loans.
The asset quality is stable and the risk countervailing capacity is improving. The end-of-end negative rate ratio drops by 2bp by 9bp and 2bp. According to our calculations, the rate of non-performing loans (ttm) drops, capital ammunition is abundant and credit is put to the bottom. At the end of 20202, the company core level capital adequacy ratio drops by 2bp and 2bp drops.
Debt renewal, which is used to supplement other levels of capital, provides a solid basis for credit investment. Profit forecasting: firm company base, strong service entity economic capacity, deep-draw county area, 2023h1 county financial operations increased by 5.2 pct in 2022 compared to the future with county gold
With continued expansion, companies are expected to become leading banks for the revival of villages.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, Figure 1: Collections and performances increase at the same rate, Figure 2: Cumulative performance increase at the same rate vs. Industry level as a whole
Figure 7: Built coverage vs. Industry Figure 6: Undesirable Rates vs. Industry M.A., Master ' s degree from the National University of Singapore, Bachelor ' s degree from Zhejiang University, Selected Honorary College, Financial Science Test
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector, covering mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the finance industry and the finance industry, asset liabilities, wind control, and wind control.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.