South Air (600029.sh) reported three-quarters of 2024: the passenger rate exceeded the same period in 2019, and the fall in fare price was a drag on the whole: Southern Air issued three-quarters of 2024.
The profit was $1.965 billion, or +48.9 per cent, and the net return to the mother was $3.193 billion in the third quarter alone, a year-on-year increase in revenue and a fall in fares. 24q3 South Air collected $49.87 billion, \triangleright
The speed with which the airline operated resumed, the number of passengers on both domestic and foreign routes recovered significantly, and the company’s revenues increased; however, the price of the tickets fell significantly over the same period, dragging the overall profit level. In the case of operations, the international line recovered significantly, with the guest rate exceeding the same period in 19 years.
According to the situation, 24q3 SAC ask a year + 11.4 per cent; the domestic line ask a year + 1.5 per cent, and the international and regional line ask anew to 84.9 per cent for the same period in 2019. 2) In terms of turnover rpk, SAC a 24q3 arpk a year + 18.7 per cent; the domestic line arpk a year + 9.3 per cent.
Rpk, the international and regional line, recovered to 86.5% of the same period in 2019. 3) In terms of passenger occupancy, the 24q3 South China combined passenger rate was 85.49%, compared to +5.3 pct, exceeding the same period in 2019, when 1.8 pct, with a significant increase.
The unit gains are much lower and the unit costs are well controlled. The unit income per unit is 24q3 m \triangleright, with a sharper reduction in unit costs on the same basis. On the one hand, we expect to benefit from a drop in oil prices, 24q3.
South Air (600029.sh) reported in mid-2024 Average aviation kerosene prices were equal to -37 per cent, and corporate fuel cost pressures were reduced; on the one hand, non-oil pipelines were assessed: improved operations, unit profit pressure, etc.
There's some improvement in control.
Renovation of empty giants, improved profitability elasticity, rapid improvement, and maintenance of the company's “uptake” rating as the company will continue to improve its profitability in the future.
Risk factors: The demand for travel is not as high as expected, international routes are not returning as expected and oil prices are rising significantly
In the area of major traffic, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, the Golden Mansion, No. 127, No. 1, in Beijing, in the western city district of Beijing, a number of provinces have been referred to external review boards, which have been partially unreconciled and have no direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.