China’s main battalion operates satellite space segment operations and related applications, mainly for satellite communications broadcasting. Through investment, construction and operation of communications broadcasting satellites and accompanying ground-based surveillance and monitoring systems, China’s main battalion provides users with radio and television, communications, video, and data transmission services.
(1) As the main vehicle for the global coverage of our satellite resources, China has developed into the second largest fixed telecommunications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world, with high-quality communications broadcasting satellite resources. China operates 16 commercial communications broadcasting satellites with transponder resources covering c-bands, k-bands and ka-bands, among which there are more than 540 satellite transponders in c-bands and k-bands.
Ka-band has 26 dot beams, and satellite communications broadcast signals cover all of China, Australia, South-East Asia, South Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, etc., and can provide services for our “out-of-the-way” strategy and the “one-way” initiative. (2) The satellite space segment operational services provided by China's Wetton are divided into satellite radio and television operations and satellite communications, depending on the client's client's use.
China’s State of Defense currently provides safe and reliable transmission guarantees for over 1,000 satellite television programmes and radio programmes in China and abroad, providing live satellite television transmission services to families in remote areas of the country, covering more than 135 million households; providing space segment links for China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, Chinese telecommunications links, and offshore telecom operators to achieve communications access to remote mountainous and border areas; and providing reference to government departments and users in the financial, transportation and oil sectors.
China’s security and technical support services are being provided for emergency response to national emergencies, such as the anniversary, the launch of the Shenzhou, the Quetta exploration project, the Beijing Olympics, and the evacuation of Libyans, the cold rain, the Wenchuan earthquake, the Ok tree earthquake, the ark mudslides, and the Yaanjian earthquake. The Chinese Ministry of Security has been classified as a national emergency communications professional.
(3) China’s Wetung has vigorously promoted a strategy of talent-intensive enterprises, following the rules of growth of the internationalization of satellite operators, taking advantage of the innovative development of market-based operations in order to safeguard their identity and build a core cadre of managerial, business development and technology-support personnel. After years of training and training, China’s Wetung now has a pool of skilled and experienced military personnel in the field of satellite communications: it has developed a cadre of middle-level cadres who will manage and implement them.
Sofang: Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Master of Financial Engineering, joined China in 2015. In the six months following the report, securities rose or fell in relation to 300 indexes.
The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.