Hengtaicecurities, Heinaukawa has a long, long-standing wall.
2019-6-18) requisitioning the Treasure Book Hengtaisecurities
Heinaukawa is the main business of the company, which is expected to be six to seven dollars of the initial pressure slot: the company ' s main business is the operation of satellite space segment and related applications, mainly for satellite communications broadcasting.
Corporate bright spots: The company is the only basic telecommunications operator in the country with autonomous and controlled commercial communications broadcasting satellite resources, classified by the Ministry of Industry and Communications as a national emergency communications specialist team, and a guarantor of the direct command and control of the dispatches by national industry authorities. The company, as the main vehicle for the global coverage of our satellite resources, has developed into the second largest fixed communications satellite operator in Asia and the sixth largest in the world, with high-quality communications broadcasting satellite resources.
Satellite broadcasting, with satellite transponder resources covering c-bands, k-bands, and ka-bands. Satellite communications broadcasting signals covering all parts of China, Australia, South-East Asia, South Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, etc., can provide services for our “out-of-the-way” strategy and the “one-way” initiative.
There are more than 40 major fixed communications satellite operators with a satellite transponder belt tolerance of 902 ghz, with a capacity of 458 ghz, with a utilization rate of 50.76 per cent, providing transmission services to more than 42,000 radio and television channels, with a total income of $11.5 billion in 2017. The global fixed communications satellite operating industry increased its total income from $8.9 billion to $12.3 billion in 2007-2014. Brokonsult projects that by 2022, the global satellite transponder rental capacity is expected to reach 969.8 ghz, up from 2017.
According to the Plan of Action for the Development of the High Quality Video Industry (2019-2022), published by the Ministry of Information and Technology, the National Radio and Television Directorate, and the Central Radio and Television Directorate. As the commercial model of the high Quality programme matures, and the user’s acceptance and use of the high Quality programme increases, there will be more high Quality programming in the future to generate asterisk and backup demand.
It will be a major driver of growth in the telecommunications satellite operating industry.1 The risk of falling prices due to intense international competition.2 The risk of satellite launch failures or major in-orbit failures.