q3 Profitability continues to improve, multi-goods co-development $4,185 million, or 12.92% of the year, resulting in a net profit of $4,117 million to the mother, a robust increase in income compared to q3 and a new co-development of multi-products.q3 company refrigerators, washing machines, aquaculture
The share of new products has been continuously raised by the \triangleright industry. The revenue from cooking, smart buildings, home air conditioning, etc., has grown faster. According to the Oviyunsky data, Heir's cooking power in July-September 23rd year.
For overseas markets, companies are continuing to deepen their high-end transformation, optimize their product marketing and delivery processes, and improve their efficiency.
In the European market, the Heir brand price index reached 115, while Yoon Sundai's profitability improved and overseas interest hikes cost more financially.q3 companies achieved a Māori rate of 31.25 per cent.
The same ratio +0.19 pct, of which the foreign Māori rate fell the same rate in the first three quarters, but increased the same rate for q3 overseas with the digestion of high-cost inventories. In terms of cost rates, q3 sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates were equal to -0.22 pct, -0.09 pct, -0.04 pct, respectively.
+0.53pc, the increase in the financial cost rate is due mainly to higher corporate interest spending due to interest hikes abroad. q3 has a net profit of 6.24%, compared to 0.33pt, benefiting from better Māori rates and regulation of sales, management, and R&D rates.
The net operating cash flow has increased significantly as a result of the adequacy of cash on the books. 1) At the end of Company 23q3, monetary funds + transactional financial assets totalled $52,804 million, compared to Hale Jiji (600,690.sh) depth report: Peach
Sinda Securities Inc. Unexpected, Unexpected Utility/Scenario Education, High Exchange Rate Volatility, CindaSecuritiesco., Ltd.
B.A., 9th Hall, City Street, West Side, Beijing. Used to work in tp-link hardware development for commercial communications equipment development in 2015 and 2017, third in choice, gold bulls in 2017, water in 2019.
Centre for Development, research in the household electricity industry. Yoon Shundi, research assistant in the household electricity industry. Master of Regional Economics, University College, London; Double Master of Economics, University of Covinius, Budapest; Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Spanish.
Certificates, research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yoko, member of the team. Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College of London. Joined in 2022 as a member of the Portfolio, in research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, cleaning appliances, cooking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.