On December 19, 2023, Heir Jijit announced that it was to purchase commercial refrigeration for about $640 million (approximately $4,559 million).
The cash acquisition of commercial refrigeration operations under the title of the Carrierglobalcorporation, i.e., the acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares of the company's subsidiary, Carrierfrigerationbeneluxb.v., will be made possible by the Heir Jits after the completion of the purchase for a period of two years.
With the authorization and the right to use, for a total period of 16 years, free of charge, the target-specific trademarks embodying features such as “open profits” and “commercial refrigeration” on a global scale, commercial refrigeration markets are promising and target operations are globally competitive. Global commercial refrigeration markets are vast,
The growth of the cold-storey market is strong. According to corporate announcements, the size of the commercial refrigeration medium-cooled market in Europe, Asia and the Pacific and North America was about $11 billion in 2023 and a combined growth rate of about 13 per cent is projected for the period 2023-2028;
In Europe, Asia and the Pacific, and North America, the commercial retail market for food in refrigeration is about $15 billion, and the market is stable and stable.
With some 200 R & D workers, over 2,300 technical service engineers, and a total of about 4,000 employees, the net profit rate of $1.27 billion (unaudited) collected in 2022 from commercial refrigeration, the acquisition is expected to create synergies to advance the Great Cold Chain strategy.
\triangleright 1) expands from c-end to b-end cooling.
Refrigerated scenes such as retail, cold storage, etc., are used as a means to expand the platform to more scenes at the b end and to effectively advance the strategy of “Big Cold Assessment: Internal and External Double Driving, Sustained Profiting - 2022 Chains”. 2) Further expansion of Europe, Asia-Pacific business layout.
Based on the foundations of the Department, the Tob channel and the engineering team, the Hale thinker has accumulated a wealth of market resources in our markets, with the advantages of large-scale procurement, core supply chain foundations and synergies of channels, and this acquisition is expected to work with both sides to accelerate business development in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region and to improve global competitiveness.
Investment proposals: Hal is expected to have sufficient experience in supply chain management, business in the Asia-Pacific region, and has more advantage in commercial refrigeration technology and resources in the European region, with more than 20 years of experience and strong partnerships between Haile and Kelly. Moreover, Haile has a wealth of experience in overseas asset acquisition and consolidation, 2011
Heir has since acquired Japanese trio electric power, Fiji, New Zealand, gea, Italian Candy, etc., where Gea has been growing in double digits for four consecutive years, becoming the fastest growing home company in the United States, and we believe that Hal's acquisition of the Kelley commercial refrigeration business is expected to come back to consolidation.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.