1 November 2023: the company published a three-monthly report in 2023, which generated a gross operating income of $198,657 million, up from the same period in the previous year
7.5% long; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $13,149 million, an increase of 12.7% over the same period in the previous year, and a further quarterly high and positive increase. According to the third quarter financial statements, the company operated in a single quarter on 31 October 2023.
On the domestic market, refrigerators, washing machines, and the aquaculture industry have continued to produce new products, with an increasing share of the dominant business, with a growing share of the top-end of the refrigerator business; on the domestic, air-conditioning, smart buildings, cooking power, etc., strategic industrial development revenues are growing faster.
Companies continue to deepen their high-end innovation strategy, and brand visibility in North America and the European market continues to rise. Through brand image upgrades, product listings, new industry layouts, the company’s overseas market shows a 31.25% Māori sales rate, an increase of 0.19 percentage points in the same year, and net sales gains in the third quarter.
Prices of market raw materials have declined, the structure of foreign products has been continuously optimized, and business efficiency has increased. At the point of fees, the management cost has been 4.1%, or 0.1 percentage points, and this has largely benefited from improvements in business and management efficiency as a result of digital change. During the same period, the company ' s financial cost has been -0.1%, compared to the comparable rate.
This deterioration is largely due to the increase in interest-interest spending, which is affected by interest hikes abroad. Investment proposals: companies are one of the three leading white power poles in the country, with improved overseas channels, risk for domestic and foreign sales; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; the risk of operating abroad; exchange rate risk; and the risk of an epidemic.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a shares refer to a depth 300 index: the three new three-board reference point is a three-board guide. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle and low” risk, a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium risk”, a “positive” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium and high risk” level, and a “radical” investor is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.