Wang Wei-chul acquired the Clemente Group commercial refrigeration and expanded the Tob business.
The company issued a public announcement to purchase 100 per cent of the shares and related assets of the commercial refrigeration business company Carrierfrigerationbeneluxb.v., under the banner of a fully-owned subsidiary, with cash of approximately $640 million.
The acquisition price is reasonable and will increase performance: according to the announcement, profit from commercial refrigeration was raised by $1.23 billion in 2022, net profits were $60 million (net interest rate 4.9 per cent), net operating cash flows were $90 million, respectively, yoy+0.8 per cent, +27.4 per cent, and +382 per cent (the above operating data are not available).
Justifiably, cash acquisition will result in a small increase in net corporate profits. Acquisition aid to expand tob operations: Cary brands have more than 120 years of history, commercial refrigeration operations are widely used in the food retailing industry, such as overuse refrigerators, chillers, and cold.
Co2 chillers and accompanies the business. Cedric has a large number of clients who have worked together for years, and has accumulated a wealth of technical experience and business applications in CO2 refrigeration. We believe that companies buy open commercial refrigeration operations, with the help of open brands, technology, services, and customers.
The accumulation of advantages would quickly open up the offshore commercial refrigeration market and create new business growth points for companies. And, in view of the large trend of overseas esg, countries are committed to reducing the use of fluorinated compounds, and refrigeration based on carbon dioxide is consistent with the trend of substitution.
Cooperation with Kaitli has been long and is expected to be smooth and the net interest rate for integrated commercial cooling operations is expected to rise: institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a.
In addition, we expect the merger to be even smoother, taking into account Heir’s acquisition of Japan’s three-ocean white household electricity business in 2015, the acquisition of the ge household electricity business in 2016, the acquisition of New Zealand’s fisher&paykel in 2018 and the acquisition of Italy’s Candy consolidation in 2019.
According to the announcement, the current net interest rate for the commercial refrigeration business as a whole is about 4.9 per cent, and there is still a significant margin of improvement compared to the pre-tax profit margin of 7.1 per cent for Hale and Kelly in the domestic joint venture.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: looking ahead, the ongoing release of domestic property support policies will help to stabilize the demand for electricity in the household, the proposal in the Central Economic Workshop to actively foster intelligent homes, and the need to:
With a view to boosting standards such as technology, energy consumption, emissions, and promoting large-scale equipment upgrading and consumer exchange, we believe that the above-mentioned policy prescriptions will facilitate the sale of smart electricity in 2024, while overseas market companies continue to buy and integrate. We expect companies to make a net profit in 2023-2025.
p/e 11x, 9x, 8x, respectively. We look forward to the advancement and operation of the corporate smart family eco-strategy. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or re-circulated or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.