On December 14th, Hale's WikiLeaks announced that he was going to buy $640 million from a fully-owned subsidiary to create a new growth point in his business.
According to company announcements, the size of the chiller market in commercial refrigeration markets in Europe, Asia and the Pacific and North America is about $11 billion in 23 years.
The model is about $15 billion, and the market is more stable, mainly in the supermarket.
The advantages of accelerating the expansion of open-source commercial refrigeration in emerging markets such as Asia and the Pacific, as well as in the case of Time Haile, which could benefit from the expansion of the business from “house cooling” to retail refrigeration, cold storage, and so on.
In the area of commercial refrigeration such as refrigeration, it is expected that new growth points will be created for the company, with a 22-year operating income of $1,228 million for the commercial refrigeration business, representing a net profit of approximately $58.1 million. The 22-year pre-tax profit rate for the joint venture previously established by the company was 7.1 per cent.
With global advocacy for sustainable development, countries are working to reduce the production and use of fluorinated compounds.
Carbon refrigeration technologies, in line with the trend towards refrigerant conversion. We believe that Haile can use the advantage of Kelly in the field of carbon dioxide technologies to speed up the use of environmentally friendly refrigerants in products such as his own air conditioning, heat pumps, etc. Markets, supply chains, technology, and improved competitiveness.
Household power production, distribution and service networks can provide good production, services, and synergies for the subsequent business development of Kelley. At the same time, as one of the leading European commercial refrigeration companies, with a solid customer base, a good marketing and technology team in Europe, Hal is also expected to be in Europe.
Companies are also expected to seize the development opportunities of the commercial refrigeration industry in China and Asia-Pacific markets to achieve potential growth. Profit predictions and investment ratings: we keep looking at high-growth business chillers, ice-cold.
In the case of heat companies, such as the Pine Refrigeration Business and Hale Jister's Commercial Refrigeration Business, the process of domestic production has been accelerated in the historical field of domestic refrigeration. In particular, in the context of “double carbon”, the use of new refrigerant technologies such as high barriers, co2, which we expect to replace national production with a concentration of head, has accelerated.
The risk factor is that the acquisition of profits has not advanced as expected, the cost of raw materials has risen significantly, and the foreign market has opened up.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not as good as expected, not as high-end market demand, synthesizing/scene product education.
He was in the tp-link hardware research and development department for the design of commercial telecommunications equipment. New wealth in 2017, third prize in choice, 2017-2019 gold bull, 2019 crystal ball.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Portfolio for research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components.
Yuko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London. Joined the Sunda Securities in 2022 to study the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, cleaning appliances and cooking panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.