Heil Jijik (600,690.sh) acquired an open-source global commercial refrigeration business to cut into the b-billion refrigeration market.
Home appliances, white appliances, Chen Waich, Wang Mokang.
The Cheuk Cong Yang Heir Jitsman proposes to exchange about $640 million (equivalent to RMB 4,559 million) for a cash acquisition of 100% of the global commercial refrigeration stock under the CLC flag, which is 11 times the number of pe in 2022. When handed over, Heir will receive a global “cooked profit” on commercial refrigeration over a period of two years.
Trademarks are authorized to use, and will be given, an exclusive commercial refrigeration trademark that reflects features such as “cooky,” “commercial refrigeration” and Heir will have the right to use the logo for commercial refrigeration on a global basis free of charge over a total of 16 years. National Intelcoms: 1) Open Commercial Refrigeration is a leading global commercial refrigeration solution, with customers in markets such as Europe for many years,
Channels and transport teams have accumulated, technologically superior; 2) Hale and Kelly commercial refrigeration have strong synergies in many ways, such as channels, customers and technology, and are expected to strengthen each other ' s competitiveness; 3) Global commercial refrigeration has hundreds of billions of industries, and Hale will open from domestic to commercial refrigeration, creating new growth points for companies. 4) Investment proposal: Kelley commercial refrigeration in technology development, product operations, customer accumulation, etc.
With the world’s leading competition, Hale’s acquisition of Cayley commercial refrigeration is expected to take full advantage of each other’s resource advantages and contribute to the development of each other’s skills, customers, channels, management experience, etc. Given the domestic and foreign power consumption environment, small adjustment profits are expected.
For many years, the commercial deep-farming commercial refrigeration industry, with its leading global competitive power, achieved $1.2 billion in 2022. The main refrigeration products in the commercial sector include refrigerators, chillers, and co2 chillers and ancillary services used in the retail (e.g., supermarkets) food industry. The company achieved a net profit of $1.28 billion (equivalent to $8.76 billion) in 2022, resulting in a net profit of $58 million (converted).
The net interest rate is 4.7 per cent. Hale set up a joint venture with Kaitli Commercial Refrigeration in 2001 for the Chinese market, with a pre-tax net interest rate of 7.1 per cent.
In 2009, pioneers of refrigeration technologies introduced co20ltec, with 800 stores in Europe (Helkelley Network data), have accumulated a wealth of technical experience in CO2. Companies are now able to provide co2 refrigeration and heating integrated solutions and are at the top of the global lead in co2 refrigeration technology. 2) In Europe, companies have good business partnerships and excellent tob canals.
According to the 3022 report, there are 50,000 stores worldwide using commercial refrigeration products. 3) On the transport side, commercial refrigeration requires a professional installation, operation, and post-sale security team, especially in the area of co2 refrigeration. The company has about 4,000 employees globally, with more than 2,300 technical service engineers, who can provide good product security and good product security to customers.
Figure 1: Open commercial refrigeration operations consist mainly of refrigeration solutions such as coolers, chillers and chillers for commercial super-facilities; Figure 3: Open commercial refrigeration provides an overall solution from equipment to post-sale; Figure 2: Open commercial refrigeration revenue and net profit
With regard to the high synergy between the Hale and Kelley commercial refrigeration operations, which are expected to reinforce each other’s competitive advantages (1), commercial refrigeration has been taking root in the European region for many years, with excellent b-end sales channels and maintenance after-sales teams, and is expected to assist in the development of the Helb end central air conditioning, heat pumps, etc.
2) In terms of production, Heir has a well-developed production profile in Europe, South Asia, China, and the Americas, with the largest number of lighthouses in the world's domestic electricity industry, and a strong manufacturing capacity that is expected to help open commercial refrigeration to improve its production profile in major markets.
The station is also expected to reduce production costs at a reduced rate. 3) At the technical level, with its leading co2 cooling technology, it is expected that it will be reused to central air conditioning, heat pumps, etc. The development of environmental cooling technology in Hale is consistent with the global trend towards environmental refrigerant conversion.
4) In terms of management, Hale has many successful overseas acquisition experiences, and the growth of the géa harvest continued to outpace the industry after Heir’s acquisition of the géa in 2016, with a much higher profit margin than before the acquisition. Heil is expected to reuse the géa’s acquisition and management experience to open commercial refrigeration, which will provide a better incentive for the team’s business dynamism and promote the long-term development of the commercial refrigeration business.
According to corporate announcements, the size of the refrigeration market in commercial refrigeration markets in Europe, Asia and the Pacific and North America was about $11 billion in 2023 and is expected to grow at a compound rate of about 13% per year between 2023 and 2028; food retail markets in commercial refrigeration markets are about 13% per year.
In 2023, the size of the commercial refrigeration market was about $15 billion, dominated by the commercial super-show cabinets, and the market was relatively stable. According to the frost&sullivan data, the global commercial refrigeration market was $17.2 billion in 2022 and was expected to reach $24 billion in 2032. The Ovie Clouds Network data show that domestic businesses sold nearly $80 billion in 2022 in total refrigeration.
The acquisition will open up new growth space from domestic refrigeration to commercial refrigeration. The acquisition will make commercial refrigeration a commercial cooling platform for Hale's wiseman, a platform for which Hale's future expansion to other business cold chain scenarios will be expected to be extended to b-end commercial.
Customized products and services are being expanded to create new business growth points. Investment advice: maintain a “buy-in” rating; open commercial refrigeration has the leading global competition in technology R & D, product operations, and customer accumulation.
Refrigeration is expected to take full advantage of the resource advantages of both parties to achieve synergistic development in terms of technology, clients, channels, management experience, etc., and to contribute to less than anticipated acquisitions; less than anticipated integration of acquisitions; increased competition in the industry; significant increases in raw materials prices; and less than expected recovery in demand in the industry.The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author