Hale Jiist (600690) Home appliances.
Events: The company published its three-quarter report in 2023; in the first three quarters, the company achieved revenues of 1986.6 billion yuan and a return to the mother 13.4 per cent. q3 quarter, the company achieved revenues of 67.03 billion yuan, a return to the mother net profit of $4.19 billion, a robust growth in the dominant industry, and an increase in air conditioning.
The increase is sustained: strategic industrial development revenues such as household air conditioning, smart buildings, cooking power are growing faster, but, depending on the industry’s overall climate, we assume that the company’s air-conditioning business is growing faster than it does, and the company’s overall q3 harvest is slightly lower.
The ratio of Māori to Māori rises as compared to the ratio of supply chain ownership in the case of downgrading, procurement and digital R&D end digital change, the construction of digital marketing synergies, and the growth of Māori rises in the case of overseas markets, where competition from major regional industries has increased, with Māori falling in the previous three quarters, but with higher rates.
This stock is digested with a similar increase in the Māori rate in the first quarter of the third quarter of the year, with an administrative cost of 4.1 per cent per percentage point and an improvement of 0.1 percentage points over the same period in 2022. The cost of R&D abroad has increased in response to increased competition in the market.
On the European and American markets, the introduction of in-house water refrigerators, market-based high-end designs, etc., has increased the price index of Heir brands at 115. 2) Three-wing birds have increased their ability to design and deliver programs.
Heil Jitsi (600690): The performance of the harvest has grown steadily, and the performance of the crop has grown steadily.
4. Hale Jiist (600690): Global Synergy, Camp
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.