q3 Strong income growth, sustained increase in profitability Heil Jiist (600690.sh) q3 Sustained growth in income profitability and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
q1-3 achieves income of 1986-157 million yuan (+7.5%), net return to the mother of $13,149 million (+12.7%), exclusive promotion of high-end branding strategies overseas, deep implementation of process digital change and optimization of operating efficiency. We maintain a profit forecast, with expected net return to the mother of 170.3/1958/2232.2 million in 2023-2025, corresponding to pss, respectively.
• Q3 strategic development industries have grown faster, while overseas industries have continued to deepen high-end brands. o3 China’s share of niche business such as smart household refrigerators, washing machines, aquaculture has continued to rise. Income from strategic development industries such as home air conditioning, smart buildings, cooking power has grown faster.
The trend towards integration of households has continued to increase at the higher end of the spectrum: the laundry industry has been undergoing a transformation of its retail model and has optimized its end-of-service efficiency; the cooking and electricity industry has been expanding its electrical outlets, with a faster increase in its income of q3; and the domestic air-conditioning industry has been undergoing profound changes, its distributors and users have continued to improve and its operations have continued to grow well.
q3 Overseas Electric and Smart Family Businesses deepens its high-end innovation strategy. Companies deepen their high-end transformation in North American markets, optimize their product marketing and delivery processes, and improve their efficiency.
• q3 Māori overseas rate rises by the same time, and Māori home country rate continues the upward trend q1-3 Māori rate + 0.2 ptt, domestic Māori increase the price of bulk raw materials drops, digitized changes, upgrading supply chain self-contained ratios; q1-3 Māri rate drops due to increased competition overseas, accompanied by high cost inventory digestion
q3 Māori rises.q1-3 sales cost - 0.2 pct, with domestic digitized changes and efficiency gains; o2 performance robust growth, continued net interest rate hikes Competition in overseas markets and sales cost increases.q1-3 management cost rates - 0.1 pct. Domestic market figures.
Optimization of business processes, optimization of management cost rates; increase in information-based inputs in overseas markets and increase in management cost rates. 202204 Performance Phase Underpressure, no change to high-end q1-3 R & D cost rate is equal.q1-3 financial cost rate + 0.3 pct, primarily interest-bearing expenditure affected by interest hikes abroad
Globalization’s Profiting Profits to Longer Logic — Companies