Heil Jiist (600690/sh/6690.hk) Wang Wiescheol 23q3 net profit yoy+13%, as expected
Youy+13.4% of the company’s performance meets expectations. Of these, q3 achieved 67.03 billion in the industry, with growth in all major categories: q3 sold in air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, 38,769,000, 2.2882 million and 21.181 million, respectively, based on the industry’s online monthly data.
The market share of refrigerators and washing machines has continued to rise, driven by new company products, although the company’s domestic operations have also been influenced by industry trends.
The Māori rate has risen slightly over the same period, and the cost rate has been optimized: the company ' s O3 combined Māori rate was 31.2%, a slight increase of 0.1 percentage points over the same year. Domestic operations are estimated to have increased by a lower Māori rate in raw materials prices, and overseas industries have begun to recover in the same season as high-cost inventories have been absorbed.
A more stable 0.2 percentage point increase of 23.9 per cent over the same period, with an increase of 0.5 percentage points in financial costs over the same period, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations, with the remaining cost rates benefiting from an increase in the size of revenue collection, profitability projections and investment proposals: looking ahead, we believe that the real estate support policy for domestic household and electricity operations is in place
The demand for institutional investors as a share of the liquidity a share continues to grow, and the demand for home-based and electricity-displaced support, driven by companies abroad, is expected to grow steadily and the Māori rate will continue to rise. We expect that the public will continue to do so.
The promotion and operational effectiveness of the Division's smart family eco-strategy are now fairly valued, maintaining “buy-in” and the report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose.