In mid-2024, round Express (600233.sh) reported a steady 13 per cent increase in net profit from 24h1 courier operations.
In the first half of 2024, the company achieved a net return of $1.988 billion, an increase of 6.8 per cent, and a deduction of $1.898 billion, an increase of the same amount.
\triangleright 1) On the profit side, the company ' s 24h1 net profit to the mother was $1,988 million, an increase of 6.8 per cent in the same year (6.3 per cent in the first half of the year); 24q2 net profit to the mother was $1,044 million, an increase of 9.4 per cent in the same year
With regard to cash flows, the net cash flow of corporate 24H1 operations declined by 7.8 per cent to 2.31 billion dollars, with a steady increase in the volume of courier operations and a stable single-roll profit.
2) On the one-way profit side, the company ' s 24h1 one-way delivery cost is $2.11, a decrease of 3.5 per cent in the same year (8.6 per cent to 0.43 per cent in the same year and 8.3 per cent to 0.28 per cent in the same year in the single-ticket centre). The single-way transaction is returned to the mother ' s net profit of 0.17 per cent, a decrease of 9.1 per cent in the same year;
We believe that, with the three advantages of a network-wide digitized engineering, scale effects, and a career manager system, there is a steady improvement in the quality of telecom operations, which is expected to continue to improve.
Air freight and international operations are expected to build the second growth pole of the company.
The company has high asset barriers in its internationalization strategy, with its own air fleet as of the end of June 2024.
Full implementation in the year, with full production in 2025, the future hub network layout will be a key node of "one top nine from 3+3". Looking ahead, companies are expected to continue to deepen their internationalized development strategy, move forward with the Express Out of the Sea project, expand the layout around international couriers, international freight and supply chain operations, with a focus on active countries.
Risk factors: demand for physical commodity networks is not as high as expected; competition for electricity suppliers ' express delivery prices is worsening; end-of-end major transport areas \triangleright, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.