Circular Express (600233.sh): Continuous cost optimized, profit and market share rising steadily
The net return to the mother was $1.99 billion, an increase of 6.8 per cent over the same period, of which the net return to the mother was $1.04 billion in the second quarter, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent over the combined international supply chain of finance, commerce and others.
Businesses. By the end of 2023, circular couriers had two companies with net return profits of 2,097 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 13.48 per cent in the same year.
More than 80,000 nodes and terminals, various centres of transport, robust business growth and a small increase in market share: companies achieved 12.20 billion in the first half of the year, compared to 133, with over 450,000 employees, and service networks have been implemented
The market share of companies rose slightly in the second quarter, from 15.0% to 15.4% in the same period last year.
There has also been a decline, from $2.44 to $2.34 during the same period last year. It is worth noting that spending on company single-rolling services fell from $1.29 to $1.27 during the same period last year, a 1.2 per cent decrease in the same year, suggesting that the company’s contribution to downstream allieds has remained high in the context of price wars.
The cost of single tickets continued to fall, and the revenue end of the price war fell: the cost of single tickets for companies fell from $2.19 in the first half of last year to $2.11 in the same period, the cost of transport of single tickets fell 8.6 per cent in the same year for core costs, the operating cost of single tickets centre decreased by 8.3 per cent, and the cost of transiting single tickets was increased by 5.8 per cent in the first half of the year.
The single ticket of business, M$0.23 per cent, fell 8.2 per cent from the same year, with strong market competitiveness and excellent performance controls, and the net profit of the single ticket, while maintaining a high allocation fee, fell only marginally, resulting in an increase in the volume of the package and an increase in the profit of the express delivery business on an equal basis.
The Post Office has set a “reverse inner volume” and the probability of a four-quarter price war has been reduced: in August, the National Postal Service convened a conference on regulating the market order and improving the quality of services, proposing a firm effort to prevent “intra-curve” malignant competition, seeking technological innovation, quality improvement, efficiency improvement, rather than competition simply because of price and volume.
The regulatory sector has a clear attitude, adding up to the four-quarter seasons of the firm’s own business to the relative saturation, a marked decline in the industry’s demand for price-for-priced volume, a possible easing of price wars, and a recovery of the express income end. The effect has boosted the client’s experience, gained a service premium, and is expected to move away from the vortex of the industry’s costs.
To achieve high-quality development. We look forward to the long-term growth of the company and maintain its “highly recommended” rating.
East Hing Securities Co. reported a round-trip (600233.sh): sustained cost optimization and a steady increase in profit and market share
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, eight years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, who worked in the Open Securities Development Researcher’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.