The re-enactment of double-digit growth and overall improvement in the quality of assets.
The company performed better than its counterparts in the first half of the year, ranking second in the publicly disclosed listings, with a slower rate of growth than in the first quarter, mainly as a result of the increased provision. However, the revenue and the pop ratio, which represented the real level of profit, increased.
The positive factor is a lower gain or gain on fair value and a smaller net difference on the same scale. The savings cost rate goes down, the net difference falls slightly, and the company's net interest gap for the first half of the year is 1.93%, a slight decrease of 1 bp compared to last year's year, which is far less than the average for commercial banks and equity lines.
The company optimizes the asset and liability structure and increases the ratio of loans on deposit to interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The personal loan return has partially eased the downward pressure on the returns on corporate loans, with credit resources tilting towards higher individual loans and medium- and long-term loans.
Loan pricing levels are well supported. Lower deposit rates are largely due to lower company time deposit rates, which together ease the pressure on end-of-debt costs by increasing the share of lower-percent personal and call deposits. • Significant improvements in asset quality and low innovation in bad rates
The pressure on hidden non-performing loans has been significantly reduced. The extension coverage and loan ratio have been raised by 16.01 pct and 12 bp companies, respectively, to improve the profit rate before the provision, have had a positive impact on the restructuring, have effectively mitigated the downward pressure on interest differentials and addressed the negative effects of the epidemic, have significantly improved asset quality, and have a robust life span. Companies have actively promoted a netting transition, retailing and retailing.
- Re-emerging double-digit growth, overall improvement in asset quality 1, growth in revenue collection and pop double-digit growth, performing better than peers.
On August 28, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020: the net return profit of the company fell by 9.17% per year in the first half of the year, less than the net profit of commercial banks and equity companies fell by 9.41% and 9.20% in the same year, and the company performance statement now discloses that the eight shares in the semi-annual report are ranked second in the list. In a vertical comparison, the net return profit in the first half fell by 15.92pt as compared to the first quarter, mainly because the net return gain in the first half of the year fell by 15.92pt.
The annualized credit cost for the second quarter was 2.79%, with a 94bp increase. But the profit increase before the “real” profit level improved. The profit increase before the start of the first half of the year was the same as the profit increase before the start-up and provision.
The decline in net interest differentials is mainly due to reduced cost pressures on interest-bearing liabilities. The first half-year rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the rate of debt-bearing debt are 17 bp and 20 bp, respectively, lower than in the previous year.
In response to the downward pressure on interest differentials common across the industry, companies actively optimize the asset-liability structure. In terms of loan balances, the overall return on loans for the first half of the year fell by 5 bp compared to last year’s full year, mainly as a result of personal loan receipts.
The rate of gain of 17bp partially eases the pressure on the firm to lower the rate of return on its loans by 20bp. The sub-company optimizes the loan structure and returns, to some extent, support the overall price level of the loan.
At the same time, the company optimizes its deposit structure, with a relatively low cost ratio of individual and call deposits as a proportion of total deposits increasing by 97 bp and 40 bp respectively in a quarter, thus alleviating the cost pressures on the end of the debt. In the future, as the company continues to optimize the structure of its capital production and liabilities, it is expected that interest differentials will continue to decrease as long-term loans, high-cost agreement deposits and structural deposits continue to be optimized.
The company increased the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans in the second quarter, raising the annual negative loan generation ratio in the second quarter by 23bp to 1.85%. The negative rate at the end of the second quarter was 1.47%, a decrease of 5bp from the end of the first quarter, which has been new for almost four years.
By contrast, the bad-rate ring rose by 3bp at the end of the second quarter across commercial banks, and the company’s comparative advantage in asset quality was evident. Following increased write-offs, the interest-group loan-to-total loan ring declined significantly by 40bp to 1.67% at the end of the second quarter, and was at a lower level in the listed banks, with the pressure on hidden non-performing lending significantly reduced and asset quality tightened.
Loan deviations (= loans more than three months overdue/non-performing loans) of 85.75 per cent, an increase of 7.10 pct compared to the end of the previous year, remain in line with the impact of the epidemic, with significant improvements in the core indicators of asset quality, which continue to have an advantage in the listed stock bank.
By way of product, although the incidence of the epidemic has led to a 24bp increase in the rate of poor individual lending at the end of the second season compared to the end of the previous year, corporate lending has declined by 33bp compared to the end of the previous year, thus maintaining a manageable risk and a 7bp decline in the overall rate. In lending upwards, companies have reduced the ratio of loans to high-risk industries, and credit resources have shifted to low-risk industries.
The ratio of loans to total loans for higher manufacturing and zero loans decreased by 51bp and 31bp respectively from the end of the previous year, and the ratio of loans to total loans for typically low-risk industries, such as rental and business services, real estate, water, environment and public facilities management, increased by 49bp, 68bp and 32bp, respectively, from the end of the previous year.
4. The net value transformation continues to advance, with retail aum accelerating growth The company uses finance as an intermediate hub for “big investment, big capital management, big wealth” and continues to push for a net value transformation. As of the end of the second quarter, the company’s financial management was zero, and the balance of non-conservative property (including its financial subsidiaries) was equal to that of the rest of the world.
In recent years, companies have drawn a strategic system of “1234” and insisted on continuous optimization in the direction of light capital, light assets, and efficiency.
For the first time, the number of retail customers (including credit card clients) reached 80 million by the end of the second quarter, an increase of 11.03 per cent over the same period. The size of retail aum amounted to $2.26 trillion, an increase of 18.72 per cent over the same period, an increase of 1.09 pct over the 2019 period.
On the other hand, the company’s external capital replenishment channels have opened up, and in recent years it has been replenished at various levels through fixed increases, the issuance of priority shares, secondary capital debt, and debt sustainability. On 13 August, the company was approved by the Central Bank to issue a permanent debt of up to 30 billion yuan.
Other levels of capital. Corporate finance is experienced, and it is hoped that appropriate capital supplements will be introduced in the future in due course. Figure 9: Capital adequacy at all levels of a booming bank. Overall, the “real” profit growth rate before a company's provision has been restored, and the cost differentials have been effectively mitigated by negative restructuring.
Downside pressure has also defused the negative effects of the epidemic, with significant improvements in the quality of assets and robust life spans. Companies are actively pushing faster than average valuation levels of equity houses, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.