Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) incident assessment report. Qingdao Beers released its semi-annual report for 2023 on 27 August 2023.
Performance meets expectations and the Māori rate continues to rise. The Māori rate was 39.21% (with an increase of 1 pct), the net interest rate (with a reduction of 1 pct) and the turnover tax and surcharge ratio of 6.59% (with an increase of 1 pct) in the first half of the year.
0.3 pct net cash flow from operating activities is $4.6 billion (or 3 per cent less). Its billions (or 14 per cent increase); Māori rate of 40.08 per cent (or 2 pct); net interest rate
For branding, the main brand of 2023h1 Qingjima/other brands sold 141.1/124.9 thousand litres, or +9%/- 15% more, respectively. For volume splitting, 2023h1 beer sales were 5023,000 litres.
2.6 million litres, or 3 per cent more; corresponding to a ton price of 0.41 million yuan per 1,000 litres, with the same increase in macroeconomic downside risks, lower-than-expected sales during the season, higher risks of raw materials, introduction to the food beverages group
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: LL.B., University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master ' s degree in law, economics, and a taste industry study. Shaw Yannan: Master ' s degree in finance, University of Hunan, graduated in June 2023, joined Chinese securities research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.