Qingdao Beers (600600) Report - Qingdao Beers mid-2023.
1) Sales have continued to grow and the product structure has been optimized. 23h1, the sales volume of the company ' s products was 5023,000 litres (+6.5 per cent), of which the Qingdao beer master brand was 281.2 thousand litres (+8.2 per cent) and the Qingdao product 2.660 million thousand litres (+2.7 per cent), of which the Qingdao beer master brand was 1411,000 thousand litres (+8.9 per cent).
2. The unit price of the company ' s products continued to rise in the context of the high-end process. 23h1, the average unit price of the company ' s beer sales was $423.5/kl, or 5.3 per cent of the year; the average unit cost was $2589.7/kl, or 3 per cent of the year).
Product structure upgrades lead to higher profitability, with a stable cost rate during the period 1) The company ' s profitability continues to increase. 23h1, the net interest rate on corporate sales is 16.12% (+1.03 pct), (+1.00 pct) and the gross profit rate on sales is 40.08% (+1.76 pct).
The U.S. Dollar Securities Corporation Study - A Qingdao Beers (60000) In-depth Report: The Māori Rate Increases from Product Structure Upgrading, etc.
2. Cost rates have remained stable for the period. 23h1, corporate sales/management/research and development/financial costs are strong, and high-end continues to advance, respectively. 1) The two brands `Aoshima + Yaoyama' are strong.
The main brand of the island is high-end, high-end and low-end, and the brand of Sakayama is in the middle and low-end, forming a stereochemical product. 2) Focusing on the big monolith of the Qingjia classic, reshaping the Qingjia pure, rejuvenating and fashioning images, focusing on promoting the spread of new mainstream products, such as white beads, and consolidating the push.
A competitive advantage for high-end products in Qingjia beer. Companies have developed one liter of fine pulp, one liter of crystals, a pure high-end fresh product, and a growing number of consumer-to-punch beer products, especially high-end fresh beer products.
The company is China’s beer leader, born of a culture of beer culture in Shandong, with a hundred-year branding potential, and has a higher-end space than its peers at the same time under the beer-high-end melody. We anticipate the company’s food safety risks, the price volatility of raw materials, and the risk of policy adjustment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.