Events: Qingdao Beers released mid-year report 2023, with $2023h1 receiving $21,592 million, compared to +12.03 per cent for Qingdao Beers (600600.sh); Qingdao net profit of $3,426 million, compared to +20.11 per cent; net profit of non-returned mothers
q2 income meets expectations, 1,000 litres of alcohol revenue accelerates. 2023q2 companies achieved operating income of 108.86 billion yuan, or +82% of the year, in line with our expectations; 2.66 million litres of sales were achieved, \triangleright
The company ' s ton of alcohol cost is $2452, compared to +2.34 per cent, and the q1 continues to improve the ring ratio; the driver ' s ratio is +1.8 pct to 40.1 per cent; at the cost end, the sales cost of 2023q1 is equal to +0.2 pct to 8.3 per cent, mainly due to a slight increase in inputs from the beer-consuming season.
In summary, the company's net profit from withholding is 1.878 billion yuan, compared to +19.8 per cent, the net profit rate from deductions from returning to the mother is 17.3 per cent, compared to +1.7 pct, the continued increase in profitability Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the beer industry has a clear pattern and high-end logic is being realized.
We think there's a risk factor: higher-middle-end beer competition, higher raw materials prices \triangleright \triangleright
The company's in-depth report, Qingdao Beers: High-end Growth and Expedition of Profit, Inc.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing City, to set up a food and beverage team whose members are predominantly industry seniors and top school leaders.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the wine industry, first-line sales in the cellars, Dukang and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in the high-end, second-end and lower-middle-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich drinking circles, trend towards the white industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Li Qing Fong, Master of Finance, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, covering fast-free foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lassagna, succulent foods) and spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, natural foods, familiarization with the seafood industry, the millet industry, scavenging vegetables, Quihai International, Bolly foods, solar-square shares).
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked in research and development for two years at Sapto, the mammoth's giant.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head housing enterprises, it is good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 Food and beverage teams, covering mainly white wine plates. Wang Snowfook, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (deep depth).
Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.