The company published its mid-2023 report, which generated $21.59 billion in revenues in the first half of 2023, while yoy+12% of the product structure continued to optimize in the first half of the year. The company sold 502,000 litres of beer in the first half of 2023.
Yoy+6.5%, of which q1 sales were yoy+11%, q2 sales were yoy+2.7%, and half-year sales on the main brand, Qing Island, were increased by yoy+8.2%, with a steady increase in the first half of the two seasons, while sales of other brands, e.g. Yoy+4.3%, slowed at q2.
Thousands of litres, a 15% increase in the same year, representing a 39.3% increase in total beer sales, and the continued release of large items such as classic/pure/white beer, with two high-end fresh products launched in the first half of the year, one liter of the magma/one liter of the crystal pure market feedback, leading to a faster growth in sales of major brands, medium- and higher-end products, leading to corporate output as a whole.
In the first half of 2023, the company Shandong/South China/North China/East China/South East high-end product strategy, large single-sale promotional campaigns, and the recovery of market demand in the wake of the East China epidemic were effective. The Māori rate contributed significantly to the increase in profit margins, compared to +2.5 pcts.
The increase in the relative depth of 300 shows an improvement in the q2 Mäori rate, while the fall in the cost of barley is expected to improve the Mäori rate more markedly in the second half of the year. The changes in the remaining costs are relatively stable.
Investment proposals: The continuous upgrading of the product structure drives the growth of corporate performance, and it is expected that the cost end of the second half of the year will continue. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Li Jin, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of experience in securities research in the food beverages and other consumer goods industry, with a focus on drinking plates and some non-drinking labels.