Non-financial companies ' periodic evaluation - over-expected incremental performance over three quarters Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
\triangleright profit of $3.014 billion, an increase of 21.96% from the previous year. The company outperformed market expectations in the third quarter.
According to the announcement, the fall in the company's revenue in the first three quarters was mainly due to a fall in the price of electricity, while the fall in the net profit from the first three quarters was due mainly to the transfer of national electricity in the first half of last year.
Information is limited, but based on the company's semi-annual reports and the trend in coal prices in the port of Qin Royal Island, we expect that the company's performance in the third quarter will be mainly due to a decline in coal prices on a par. In the company's semi-annual report, it was mentioned that the average price of coal on the stove in the first half of the year was 721, 632, and 672 ton, respectively. Given the coal inventory cycle of the power plant, we expect the company to be in the same position.
More specifically, the company's performance in the third quarter alone exceeded market expectations, and we expect to be mainly due to the production of three quarters of the lighter unit and the excess of electricity on the grid. According to the announcement, the company had $7.929 million at the end of the third quarter of 2025.
In the third quarter of this year, the company sold 10.31 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity on fire, which, even if 10% of installed machines were expected, still exceeds the city’s expectations. But it should be noted that the average Internet connection cost of 0.3764 yuan per kilowatt-hour in the third quarter of this year fell in the same year.
3.41 minutes/kWh, an increase over the second quarter, the NSG conventional energy integration platform, which is expected to produce 8gw electric power and 4gw hydroelectric power in 2025-2026, the Division serves as the national energy cluster conventional energy integration platform, enjoying the priority right to development of the Group ' s projects on thermal power, hydropower and electricity.
By the end of 2023, the group had put in production about 80 gw of unlisted electricity and 8gw of electricity and water (including in progress). The company is expected to produce 8 gw of electricity and 4gw of electricity and water in 2025-2026, with the additional fire and electricity assets being a large power plant in the developed regions, with electricity and water mainly in the Sichuan River Basin (3.5gw).
My personal views on the subject matter securities and issuers are not present, do not relate to, and will not be directly or indirectly linked to, specific investment opinions or opinions in this report, in a diligent and professional manner, using information on legal compliance, and in an independent and objective manner.