“Fest summer” plus cost control built a single season of excellence, performance, Sichuan Fire and Water Potential Assets Injection Event: On the night of October 27, 2025, the National Electricity Quarterly of 2025 was published. q1 - 2025
Power generation operations: \triangleright billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) of new energy sources \triangleright, +0.74%. Of this amount, 2,54,931 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) were connected to the grid.
Compared to -2.17 per cent; electricity from hydropower to electricity, 44.92 billion kWh; electricity from wind to electricity, 4.48 per cent; and from wind to electricity, 12.49 per cent. There has been a significant improvement in the q3 “summer of peaks” in the company's share of electricity generated by fire; The increase in the frequency of electricity from the new energy source, the surge in capacity, has slowed down.
The downside effect of the company ' s q3 electricity prices continued to decline. q1-3 achieved average Internet access for 30 days in 2025, and the company ' s consolidated report contained 12,324.14 million kilowatts (kW), of which 18,56.93 kilowatts (kW) were on fire. q3 saw an increase of 2.6 million kW in the capacity of the company ' s fire and power units.
A single-season performance: cost control continues to tighten, and the flexible advantage of “coal as one” is highlighted. In the first half of 2025, companies were under pressure from electricity prices, but still managed through over-expected operating costs.
Four fees (sales, management, R & D, finance, etc.) control the achievement of excellent performance. q3 companies continue to press down cost controls to achieve further operating costs at the same time as operating income - 1.01 per cent, compared to 3.66 per cent; and the cost component also achieves sales costs - 38.96 per cent/administrative costs - 30.34 per cent
The business model still has a high degree of flexibility to purchase when coal prices go down, thereby controlling the cost of fuel and supporting firm robust performance. In addition, part of the company’s costs continued to be raised in the previous three quarters.
The company's own operating advantage is highlighted by the fall of the same scale. The company's cost control was very effective.
Potential injection: Datao River merges Sichuan and Jinsha River, with potential investment in large-scale hydropower assets. According to the National Energy Group Sichuan Voice, in September 2025, the National Energy Group merged Sichuan and Kinsha River to coordinate the Group’s transport of electricity in Kawakawa.
Camp. At present, Grand River has 12.39 million kilowatts of hydroelectrics, 5.9 million kilowatts of coal power and 710,000 kilowatts of light voltage, while it also has 963 million kilowatts of hydroelectrics and over 1 million kilowatts of new energy installed, generating three-thirds of Sichuan's combined power.
One. The former Sichuan company, which is carrying 49.2 per cent of the total gas-fired coal-fired power plant, has the only two one million kilowatt supercritical power units in the entire territory, which is an important support for Sichuan power grid energy conservation; the former Kim Sha River company is currently building a unit of about 5gw, which contains the water supply of the Xiaolong.
Station 2.4gw, Benscord, 2.6gw, is expected to be operational during the "16th Five-Year" period. The New River Company is expected to receive a potential asset note for coal power at 5.9gw+ hydropower, which is building 5gw, and growth is expected to continue in the long term.
The three-year cash-sharing plan highlights the commitment to market value management and to sound business performance + a high score in terms of increasing the value of the company’s allocation. In terms of dividends, the company announced three-year cash-sharing shares in 2025-2027. The value of the high-equity allocation is high, as well as the firm’s commitment to market value management.
(a) Profit forecasts and ratings: the state power industry, shareholder background, asset quality, development patterns, etc. are in many ways ahead of the industry. 1) Industry status: companies are listed as one of the five major power-generating groups, core conventional energy companies with a second-larger engine on the market;
2) Shareholder background: companies rely on national energy groups, coal supply security, fire panels, high cost-side control capacity; 3) asset quality: company fire units are dominated by large units of over 600,000 kilowatts, with better quality and more adaptable technology; 4) development patterns: public
The Division has achieved coal-based power generation, with a mixed development pattern, robust and well-equipped. We have adjusted the company’s net profit from the period 2025-2027. Risk factors: electricity prices are higher than expected; project construction is less advanced than expected; electricity market reform is taking place.
Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, current Head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals, Member of the China Bank of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
From 2019 to the present, Li Chunzi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, Nanjing University, formerly a member of the Heung Xin Xin securities programme, was responsible for research on the coal industry.
Research on large energy panels, such as Lei, Gas, and High-level Doctor of Mining, China Mining University (Beijing), Senior Engineer, former Minister of Investment and Investment in Secondary Enterprises of the China Coal Industry Group, who worked for many years in coal mine production, technology management in coal production, investment in coal mining projects, management of operations, etc., 2022
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Scientific Society for the Environment of China ' s Scientific Society ' s Scientific Research Institute ' s Scientific and Technical Committee on Carbon Sino-Carbon. He was an expert and assistant director of China ' s petrochemical Economics Research Institute and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China ' s Energy Outlook 2060.
In March 2023, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the area of large energy sources and research in the petrochemical sector.
Kwok Shei, two master's degree in environmental engineering at Beijing University/National University of Singapore, B.A. in environmental engineering, Beijing, five years of research in the environmental industry, upstream and downstream, and in the carbon industry. Xin Qin Ho, Master's degree in electricity systems at Austin University, Texas, United States, B.A. in electrical engineering and its automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity sector research, Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public sector environmental research
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sunda Securities Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong. Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
Lee Young, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in September 2022 for research on coal and coal mineral intelligence, Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, January 2023 for research on coal.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.