The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) continued to grow at a high rate of domestic solutions: the company issued its semi-annual 2017 report and generated $7.47 billion in operating income in the first half of 2017, up from the same year.
(b) The company's operating income for the second quarter rose by $4.82 billion, or 52 per cent, and its operating profits by $1.01 billion, or 38.5 per cent.
A 107 per cent increase, resulting in a net return of $70.0 billion to the mother, a 40.8 per cent increase in the same year, a steady increase in the profitability of the company, a smooth start in the Quamp project and a further improvement in the company's performance: during the reporting period, the company's winning bid, “Sarcar County Safe City Construction Project (Ppp), a total of $4.31 billion, accounted for the company's total operating income in 2016
The winning bid will provide experience in developing and collaborating on the company’s follow-up ppp project and will have a positive impact on business performance in the years ahead.
• The firm’s overseas operations are continuing to grow at a high rate and are expected to rise year by year: the company’s overseas operations are continuing to grow at a high rate, and the company’s overseas operations are expected to grow at a higher rate.
The Māori rate rose by 0.3 percentage points. During the reporting period, companies established seven foreign affiliates, such as Malaysia.
• Research and development continues to be high-intensity investment and continues to upgrade: companies continued to increase their investment in research and development, reaching $800 million in the first half of 2017, an increase of 51.5 per cent in the same year and a share of business income of 10.7 per cent. During the reporting period, the company completed the re-engineering of its Mes project, the Dahua Smart (Investment Network) Industrial Park Construction Project and the
The oracle system has been partially completed, further deepening the construction of the In-depth Learning Calculator and continuously optimizing storage, transmission, computing, etc. related to in-depth learning.
2. Grand China shares (00236): Grand Master, Chinese “Vision Control” (2017-06-06)
4. Dahua shares (002236); security video surveillance taps, ppps and overseas operations contribute to high growth (2017-03-17)
A smooth growth in domestic market demand, a smooth start to the ppp project, an expansion of the foreign market and the start of new business, with annual compound increases of 53.0 per cent in the sale of pre-end audio-visual products, 38.0 per cent in the sale of back-end audio-visual products, 14.0 per cent in the sale of digital remote image surveillance systems and 14.0 per cent in the sale of other products.
While the market is highly competitive, given the higher proportion of products produced autonomously by companies and the high Māori rate of intelligent products, it is assumed that the Māori ratio of the products will be stable after a slight increase. Assuming that the Māori rate of the audio-visual products up to 2017-2019 is maintained at 43%, the Māori rate of the post-avy video products is maintained at 42%, the Māori rate of the digital remote image surveillance system is maintained at 36%, and other products
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.