I'm reporting an over-expected growth, smart security in the innovation chapter, a summary of the report on the D.A.S.A. (00236), research report/computer industry.
On 24 July, the company issued a fast-track performance report for the first half of 2017, which showed that it had achieved operating income of $4,465 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 50.81 per cent over the same period in the previous year; that it had achieved a net return profit of $983 million, an increase from the same period in the previous year; and that it had achieved a steady increase in its performance.
The company, as a leader in the domestic security video surveillance industry, was formed early, growing rapidly, holding half of the security market side by side with Heiconway, in the first line of the security industry. During the reporting period, the company continued to invest in research and development around the core technology of the video, enhancing its capacity for video surveillance solutions, actively exploring and adapting to it.
The main trends in business development and the continuous expansion of markets have led to steady and sustained growth in corporate performance.
The size of our security market is growing at a rate of about 15% per year, and the video security industry is booming, and the unit compares with the depth of 300. The size of our security market is about 550 billion yuan in 2016, and the size of China’s security market is expected to be in 2018.
It is expected that the domestic market will continue to grow rapidly over the next three years, and that video security companies will benefit from it. Ten years of rapid growth, writing a new chapter in overseas operations.
As a result of 10 years of overseas development, the company has developed a global marketing service system and continuously expands the influence of autonomous brands. To date, the company has established 35 branches abroad, covering Asia and the Pacific, North America, South America, Europe, Africa, providing fast, high-quality end-to-end products and solutions to more than 180 countries and territories around the world.
The company ' s share of the global market in 2016 was 7.5%, the second largest global provider of video surveillance equipment and solutions, with an annual increase in revenue from abroad. We believe that revenue from overseas markets has slowed down over the next three years to the Hong Kong’s growth ppp project, driving sustained and robust growth in business performance.
In 2015, the company began the layout of the ppp project, and has received over two years multi-area ppp projects such as Guangxi colour (880 million), Xinjiang Shishiko (589 million) and Guangxi Gui Kong (120 million), some of which have completed the construction phase and gradually moved to the operational phase. Recently, the company received a bid from the Sarra County Purchasing Company, which invested a total of 4.3 billion in the project.
When built, it will have a positive impact on performance. Start the smart security era and release a series of front-end smart security products \triangleright
The video security industry is moving in the direction of intelligence, with companies taking the lead in setting up the ai field, building on their own advanced techniques, developing their own products at the end, and continuing to invest in the fields of networking, machine visuals, and artificial intelligence algorithms. We believe that video surveillance intelligence is a necessary trend for the future, and that companies are expected to rely on strong financial leverage and security.
Video information resources in the context of the scene represent a great advantage in future competitive situations.iii. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1) Downside domestic and domestic market demand and lower-than-expected business diffusion; 2) Growth or under-expected growth in the security sector; 3)
Corporate ppp business is not progressing as expected. Corporate financial statement data projections summarize major country-specific projects, with vehicle-related entrepreneurial experience, and co-authored a book, Digital Control System Software Designs Based on Flatboards, joining the public in 2015
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.