The Māori rate has risen, and the spring of the defense industry has seen the China Stock Exchange (002236), a review report, a summary report/computer industry.
Growth of 50.81 per cent. The net return on maternity was 983 million yuan, an increase of 38.5 per cent over the same period the previous year. The increase in the Māori rate and the industry's favourable overall demand for the market ... led to an improvement in corporate operations and competition. 2) The increase in the cost of sales was 63.7 per cent.
Growth is greater than growth in operating income, and there is a marked investment in sales. 3) The increase in financial costs of 32.2% is a major factor in the net gain, mainly the increase in loans and exchange gains and losses. 4) The growth in R&D costs of 50.81% is consistent with the increase in revenue from business. We believe that bright financial data show that companies are actively expanding their markets and are expected to cover the year.
Technology and industry solutions drive transformation \triangleright will focus on advancing the development of artificial intelligence technologies, video cloud computing, big data, etc.
On the one hand, we will continue to promote strategies for the transition to industrial solutions. We will continue to expand solutions such as smart cities, safe cities, smart cities, traffic, big traffic data, people's faces, smart parking lots, smart families, smart businesses, intelligent communities, and smart parking.
\triangleright upgrades overseas branch service capabilities and expands distribution channels according to the global market and competitive environment.
As of 30 June, the company had 37 branches overseas, covering Asia and the Pacific, North America, South America, Europe, Africa, providing fast, high-quality end-to-end products and services to more than 180 countries and territories around the world.
Solution services. As the world’s second largest provider of video surveillance equipment and solutions, the share of offshore revenue increases year after year. We believe that revenue from overseas markets will increase further over the next three years in terms of their contribution to corporate growth, driving sustained and robust growth in business performance at an accelerated pace in the overall ppp project.
In 2015, the company began the layout of the ppp project, and has received over two years multi-area ppp projects such as Guangxi colour (880 million), Xinjiang Shishiko (589 million) and Guangxi Gui Kong (120 million), some of which have completed the construction phase and gradually moved to the operational phase. Recently, the company received a bid from the Sarra County Purchasing Company, which invested a total of 4.3 billion in the project.
1. A summary of the report (002236) on the stockholdings in China: when it is completed, it will have a positive impact on performance.
iii. Profit forecasting and investment recommendation 1) The decline in domestic and domestic market demand and lower-than-expected business diffusion; 2) the growth or non-optimal growth of the security sector. 3) The progress of company ppp operations has fallen short of expectations.
Summary of company financial statement data projections Major country-specific projects, vehicle-related entrepreneurship experience, co-author of a book entitled “Plateboard-based software design for digital control systems”, in 2015, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,