The high performance of companies in the first half of 2017 was due mainly to the company ' s continued growth in the security sector.
Foley Springs is a double dividend with a growing concentration of markets. The company's Māori rate for the first half of 2017 has been strong, and in recent years it has slowed the expansion of its staff while deepening its management reforms to help it operate.
The company is in the first echelons of the video security industry, adhering to the transformational solutions strategy, the business model is being upgraded, and the Māori rate is rising.
The high growth in domestic markets is mainly due to the high demand in domestic markets and the higher demand for solutions, greater market space abroad, and the establishment of 37 branches abroad, covering more than 180 countries in Asia and the Pacific, North and South America, Europe and Africa.
The company has developed and adopted different coping strategies for different countries to promote the localization of overseas operations and optimize overseas collection structures.
In March 2017, the company issued an announcement to release the h shares and put them on the market in Hong Kong, and we believe that the company’s overseas market is expected to accelerate growth as the company’s Hong Kong stock has successfully launched its overseas capital operating platform. Maintaining high R & D inputs, setting up video networks + smart security.
Research and development of technologies such as data, chips, software, audio and video products, and controls. While promoting the upgrading of the layout of industry applications, platforms, and product core functions, companies are opening up smart machines, face recognition, machine visualization, smart car electronic intelligence security markets.
A breakthrough has been made in the area of smart security cameras, and more of the company’s ai products are expected to land in the second half of the year.
In the near future, the company’s subsidiary has won a total investment of $4.3 billion in the Xinjiang Cha County Safe City Project.
The company is expected to benefit from Xinjiang’s high security needs, and there will be more Ppp projects in the region in the future. We believe that the corporate solution transformation strategy has been successful, that the Māori rate has been rising, that the market share has been consolidated, and that, with Xinjiang’s security needs, there will be more Ppp projects in the region in the future.
At the same time, the company’s winning high-value ppp project will benefit from regional dividends; further clarification of the strategy of overseas offensives will keep the offshore market growing at a high rate.
The industry has not grown as fast as expected, new business has not been as well organized, overseas markets have not expanded as expected, and the ppp project process has not been as well as the GDP portfolio rating system: