Electronic manufacturing, smartness +ppp, two-wheel drive high growth in corporate performance Events: Companies released semi-annual performance reports in 2017, opening in the first half of 2017
The company's performance in the first half of the year was excellent, and the leading firm had a strong advantage: in 2017, the company had a strong technological reserve and size in the light of the industry trends of “digitization”, “high clarity”, “networkization” and “intellectualization”.
The proposed camera still has about 70 million items per year in the low-end market, where there are more small and medium-sized defense companies. For the high-quality digital network cameras, the two big players are the main players in the market. And in the area of smart cameras, only the big ones have one.
Technology accumulation. In the future, with the spread of smart cameras, the advantage of leading firms will be further expanded to include total equity/flow (million shares) and sustained research and development inputs, enabling companies to embrace the age of intelligence: 2016, corporate R&D fees.
In-depth report on the stockholdings of China: the champions drive heavy performance, with 5,000 R & D researchers, and in 2015, the Institute of Big Data was set up, dedicated to manual return to high growth. - 2017/07/05
Smart research. With many years of research and development investment, the company realized its skills for intelligent products.
High Growth - Products like 2016/08/24. Given that the unit price of smart products is much higher than that of traditional products, companies are expected to achieve a substantial increase in prices in a larger wave of intelligence.
The ppp project accelerates the growth of corporate performance: the company has been setting up the ppp project since 2015 to promote the extension of domestic operations from safe cities, smart transportation solutions, to smart cities, ppp models. The company has now taken over the 100 colours of Guangxi, Xinjiang Shikiko and Xinjiang.
Quality ppp. In July 2017, the project was awarded a sum of $4.31 billion for the construction of safe cities in Saarcas County.
Corporate culture re-constructed: Working 2017-Alloying-Training-Efficacy: After internal adjustments in 2014-2016, the company was constantly rejuvenated with fresh and excellent blood injections. And in 2017, the company gave "Round 2017-Alloying-Train."
Intra-Efficacy, “New Year's Post, and through the top-down orientation of the corporate culture, a big step forward in profit predictions and investment ratings: companies are leading players in the field of security, and technological reserves and size advantages are more evident. Companies also create smart products and ppp projects, taking advantage of them quickly.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.