Wang Wei Chul has grown rapidly in the domestic business, with net profits of 2017h1 increasing by 39% in the same year.
Of this, the company q2 achieved operating income of $4.82 billion, y0y + 52.1 per cent, recorded a net profit of $70 million, yoy + 40.8 per cent, while the company is expected to increase its performance in the first three quarters of 2017 on a year-to-year basis.
In the first half of the year, the company's domestic operations received $4.78 billion, a significant increase of 56.1 per cent; overseas operations were built through corporate channels (37 branches have been established to cover more than 180 branches).
In the first half of the year, 2.68 billion yuan was collected, a rapid increase of 42.2 per cent over the previous half of the year, as a result of the development of the solutions strategy, the company ' s combined Māori ratio rose by 1.0 percentage points to 39.5 per cent over the same period.
A 1.9 percentage point to 27.0 per cent increase in the cost of the company over the period, resulting in a slight increase in the net profit of the company.
Providers, 114 sub-sector solutions in nine major industries were launched in 2015 and industry marketing organizations were laid out. The project is continuing, and we believe that with the City of Peace, intelligence, institutional investors as a percentage of the share in circulation,
Cities, including ppp projects, will continue to see the transformational gains of the company; 2. Firmly pursuing the internationalization strategy, rising revenue ratios, we believe, in the context of Europe's rising security needs, as the company's overseas branches grow, channels and brands are built
It is expected that Māori rates will continue to rise as the company continues to grow in size in the offshore market, and as the corporate ownership ratio continues to grow; 3. The company is actively engaged in security operations, civil security, machine visualization, cloud services, etc., and will gradually grow into integration in the future.
Video surveillance service providers, growing up to be expected. Profit expectations: because of the significant growth in the company’s domestic business, we have raised the company’s profit forecast, and I have maintained the “buy-in” investment proposal.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is given as follows: