The e-Ppp project (002236), which continues to land, has outperformed the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: The company released its semi-annual performance report for 2017, with operating income of $7.47 billion in the first half of 2017, an increase of 50.8 per cent in the same year, operating profits of $1.12 billion, an increase of 94.4 per cent in the same year and net profit of $1.13 billion to the mother, an increase of 38.5 per cent in the same year; operating income of $4.82 billion in the second quarter of the same year, an increase of 52 per cent in the same year, operating profits
One hundred and hundred million yuan, an increase of 107 per cent in the same year, and 850 million yuan in the net return to the mother, an increase of 71 per cent in the same year. Corporate performance continues to grow faster than market expectations.
During the reporting period, the company won the bid “Sarah County Safe City Construction Project (ppp),” with a total of 4.31 billion yuan, or 32.4 per cent of the company’s total operating income in 2016, which will provide experience in the development and cooperation of the company’s follow-up ppp project and have a positive impact on business performance in subsequent years.
The rapid landing of the ppp project order contributed to a rapid upturn in corporate performance, a rapid capture of market shares, a high increase in corporate overseas operations and a year-on-year increase in corporate overseas operations: the company maintained high growth in overseas operations, an increase of 39.5 per cent in corporate overseas operations in 2016, and a 37.9 per cent increase in total overseas revenue.
The rate rose by 2 percentage points to 41.6% in 2015, when the company established the European Distribution Centre in the Netherlands, which significantly enhanced the company’s local supply capacity in Europe and provided a solid basis for further opening of international markets. According to ihs, the company’s market share in global video surveillance in 2015 has reached 7.5%, ranking first in the world.
II. As companies expand their profile to overseas markets, overseas channels are expanding, and corporate overseas R & D continues to maintain high levels of investment and intellectual upgrading over the next three years: companies continue to increase their investment in R & D, maintain high levels of R & D, actively integrate hundreds of high-performance computers in-house, build in-depth learning computing clusters and complete in-depth learning
Construction of a computing centre to optimize storage, transmission, computing, etc. related to in-depth learning.
Field expansion or unexpected risks, new technology/product R & D risks, exchange rate fluctuation risk ppp and high growth of overseas operations (2017-03-17)
A smooth growth in domestic market demand, a smooth start to the ppp project, an expansion of the foreign market and the start of new business, with annual compound increases of 53.0 per cent in the sale of pre-end audio-visual products, 38.0 per cent in the sale of back-end audio-visual products, 14.0 per cent in the sale of digital remote image surveillance systems and 14.0 per cent in the sale of other products.
While the market is highly competitive, given the higher proportion of products produced autonomously by companies and the high Māori rate of intelligent products, it is assumed that the Māori ratio of the products will be stable after a slight increase. Assuming that the Māori rate of the audio-visual products up to 2017-2019 is maintained at 43%, the Māori rate of the post-avy video products is maintained at 42%, the Māori rate of the digital remote image surveillance system is maintained at 36%, and other products
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.