Qingdao Hale (600690) household appliances have outperformed their performance, and the profitability of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre has turned upside down.
• Events: The company issued three quarterly reports in 2017, which generated $11,919 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of $145.3 per cent in the same year, a net gain of $920 million in the same year, an increase of 17.2 per cent in the same year. The company's three major white electricity products continued to perform well over expectations during the reporting period.
Growth, with 35 per cent, 41 per cent and 63 per cent of the same income for refrigerators, washing machines and air conditioners, with market shares raised by 3.3, 2 and 0.5 pp, with the share of ice-washing products being the second 2.5 and 1.7 times higher, with a strong advantage. In addition, the synergies generated by the acquisition of gea from the benefits, which were realized in the first three quarters of the company ' s cooker product, were also evident.
The current harvest is 76% higher than the industry average. The full-line power of the products drives the firm’s performance above expectations, highlighting the power boom.
In the context of this year's rise in raw material prices, the non-reverse increase in the Māori rate is largely due to the continued optimization of the company's product structure and the continuous improvement in productivity driven by intelligent manufacturing. During the reporting period, the company's top brand, Casati, registered a 41 per cent increase in revenue over the same period.
Taking into account the combination of gea and the increased market expansion of the company, which resulted in an increase in sales costs by 57.3% over the year, the overall cost rate rose by 0.8 pp over the same period, but the return on the company’s investment over the period and the government subsidy also contributed a small profit. Taken together, the overall net interest rate of the company increased by 0.11 pp over the same period.
The strategy of globalization has advanced steadily in the era of forward-looking layouts leading the confluence of goods. The company has three platforms: "u+Ingenious Life" + "Industry Internet" + "Oso Walk-by Platform" , which form a conglomerate ecology in terms of product manufacturing, channel logistics, user experience, etc., and enhances the efficiency of whole chain operations, with the company running a cash flow of $14.2 billion during the reporting period.
After the acquisition of the gea, the company’s globalization strategy opened up a new course, with a multi-branding of overseas markets and a concerted drive, with companies earning $50.74 billion abroad and a good growth trend in the market segments.
Assumption 1: 7 per cent increase in sales over the next three years for ice-washing operations, Māori rate rises from year to year: Assumption 2: 50 per cent, 15 per cent and 7 per cent increase in sales for air-conditioning operations over the next three years, Māori rate rises from year to year; Assumption 3: synergy between benefits for cooking appliances, Gea, 55 per cent, 23 per cent and 18 per cent increase in sales, Māori rate rises from year to year
Assumption 4: The expansion of corporate globalization has led to higher sales costs. Based on these assumptions, we project the cost of sub-business income for companies for 2017-2019 as follows: Novo has not been compensated for, not for, nor will he receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.