Home power, white household ii, kept steady, moving to higher end-of-products, slightly decreased, Māori rates and operating cash flows exceeded expectations: issued by the company on 31 October 2017
In the third quarterly report, the company achieved operating income of $11.190 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 41.27 per cent over the same period, representing a 22 per cent increase in net profits of the parent company that was part of the higher-than-normal gains and losses.The company ' s operating income for the third quarter was $41.614 billion, a 17 per cent increase over the previous quarter.
The decline, consistent with the trend in the domestic electricity market, was attributed to the net profit of the company ' s shareholders of $1,255 million, an increase of 147 per cent over the same period, which was mainly due to the fact that the previous base figure was too low as a result of the cost of the merger and the purchase of the gea in 16 years.
White domestic electricity has risen but declined in the same year, q3 was 25.93%, which is 0.66 pct less in the same year. The fall in the cost of the period has benefited from a decrease in the cost of management, while the sales rate has slightly increased in the same year, and the company ' s gross q3 sales balance has dropped to a point of decline.
9.92%, but the company ' s Māori ratio has increased slightly by 0.08 pct. Companies have absorbed pressure to increase the price of raw materials through higher average prices of products, becoming a small number of Māori-and-a-half-up white power companies in the industry. Companies have increased their Māori product development and sales, and have increased value addition through individualization, and the company ' s product structure is expected to increase.
At the same time, it is worth noting that there has been a marked increase in corporate operating cash flows, which amounted to $14.160 billion in January-September, about three times as much as in the same period last year, and a marked improvement in the efficiency of the response companies’ operations.
Heilu+home: Use of u-homeos, u+ connectivity, u+ big data, u+ artificial intelligence, u+ user interaction, u+ ecological platform six technical services to transform appliances into "nets" to make home-based interconnections, complete house-wide networking and intelligence, and provide open platform access resources.
Wang Jie Ting's sales increased by 22 per cent by 8.4 million.u+ platform users increased by 102 per cent by 50 million.2 Industrial Internet platform cosmoplat: the company's transition from large-scale manufacturing to large-scale customization has been completed
The ball is built into eight model Internet plants, creating a process-wide connectivity capability and an ecological system. Starting with a custom-made product, the Internet plant can customize a refrigerator for its customers in three minutes.
There are 7.14 million large-scale customizations in the country, an increase of 870%.3 Community eco-platforms: companies promote microshops, online shops, and social eco-platforms of the three shops. There are 610,000 microshop owners, 16,000 oto shops, and 20,000 clubs.
Billion dollars; companies have built and adopted an open and domestic Hope innovation platform that allows users and resources around the world to open the market for cooking power with fpa, gea, and to create a high-end brand together with Cassarty: looking through the company's business, cook and guard appliances are at the top of all business at around 40% Māori, but the company's cooking and electricity business is the weakest.
Weak, so companies acquire the top brands of New Zealand, the world-renowned luxury brand fpa, and the first brand of American cooking power, Gea, two world-class cooks and electric taps, to provide free solutions to consumers’ different styles of decorating and to satisfy any of their imaginations about the kitchen. January-September Gea contributed $34.2 billion to the parent company.
A profit of $1.88 billion, or $1.02 billion in non-net profits. Of this, revenue of $11.7 billion was realized in the third quarter, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the previous quarter, and future corporate economies of scale and synergy in the consolidation of resources will be more pronounced.
Casati is a high-end, autonomous brand with an average value of more than $10,000, with a market share of more than $41 million in the previous three quarters growing from 65% to over $10,000, maintaining an absolute leading position in the high-end market. The company will continue to take advantage of the high-end market by helping Cassarty, Gea, and fpa.
The foreign brand offers a price premium: our national electric tap is significantly less valued than its foreign counterparts, and our economy is on the rise in consumption, our domestic electricity industry is also starting a smart model, and our foreign electricity industry is recovering, and our global share of electricity is gradually increasing, making it possible to sustain a better growth in our electricity industry as a whole.
Quick, in the context of the growing interest in a share market in our long-term offshore capital, which is dominated by value-based investments, Qingdao Haile, an export plus domestic power company with its own brand, enjoys a high degree of brand recognition abroad and is expected to gain long-term access to capital, both domestic and foreign,
We believe that a premium can be given for the valuation, and that the current total market value of Qingdao Hale is clearly better and lower, but the valuation is just a little higher than the power and much lower than the beauty, and that Qingdao Haile is still undervalued in the light of our understanding of Heil management, innovative models, and the progressive maturity of its intelligent manufacturing and interconnection plants.
3. Risks associated with the release of kkrhomeinvestment.