Wang Wei Chul's performance in the first three quarters of the net profit is excellent, and the gea consolidated performance has increased, with company q3 earning $41.61 billion, yoy + 17.3 per cent, recording a net profit of $1.26 billion.
The performance of the previous business was excellent, and the performance of the Gea increased: the significant growth in corporate q3 quarter was mainly due to the low base period last year (2016 q3 net profit y-36.7%) while operations were recovering this year. Overall, the company ' s rapid growth in revenue and net profits in the first three quarters was on the one hand in June 2016.
In addition, the company's previous business performance, which was 22 per cent higher than in the previous three quarters of the business (excluding the Gea), increased its performance by a net profit of $1.02 billion.
According to the sub-product, refrigerator freezer revenue increased by 34% over the year, washing machine revenue increased by 41% over the year, air conditioning revenue increased by 60% over the year, cook security income increased by 76% over the year, and products in the premises and product mix.
This period, although raw materials were up from last year, combined Māori rates increased by 0.8 per cent to 29.9 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, driven by the upgrading of the company’s products and the integration of the Gea. The cost for the first three quarters of the company was 24.3 per cent, a 0.8 percentage point increase, mainly in the previous three quarters.
It is the change in the cost of sales and management after gea, and the increase in loans, which has led to an increase in the cost of finance. Gea integration is well under way, and synergizing is expected to release dividends: in the year of gea integration, Gea and the Haile team have been successful in areas such as R & D, global product platforms, procurement, and supply chains.
Completion of the first phase of the integration plan. The value of new synergies in 2017 was $85.2 million, with a landing rate of over 92 per cent, and we expect that as the future integration deepens, the synergies between the two in terms of complementarity of distribution networks, procurement, cost savings, technology and sharing of R & D advantages will gradually emerge and one will be achieved.
In the long run, the company’s valuation is currently at a low market level, maintaining the “buy-in” investment proposal.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.