Brief analysis: Revenue growth is robust, marketing costs are causing a decline in operating margins. Qingdao Hale announced a robust overall performance in the third quarter of 2017, but lower than previously expected by Highwater. ) Total revenue was 17 per cent higher than the previous year, with a higher projection of 7 per cent, attributable to strong growth in core white power operations. ) Māori rate
Income: Total revenue grew by 17% this year in the third quarter. In addition to the RMB 11.7 billion contribution from General Power, the company's core white power business grew by more than 20% this year, continuing its first six months of growth.
Māori ratio: Despite cost pressures, the overall Māori rate has stabilized at 29.4% over the same period, and we believe that the main reason is that the rise in the share of high-end products such as Casati has improved the structure of the product.
Management believes that this is due to: 1) the increase in marketing costs associated with the roll-out of new products after the season; 2) the fact that the company has established a new door shop for investment in high-end products such as Kassarty and General Electric, which has led to higher costs associated with the channel. In terms of operational efficiency, the same rate of growth in operating cash flows has risen from 77% to 186% in the first half of the year, indicating that it has been able to do so.
For information, see the appendix to the information disclosure or contact your investment representative.
We, Ijian, Liao, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal perceptions of the companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, take into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to account for the possibility that certain companies may be acquired.
We rate companies by M & As from 1 to 3, of which one represents a higher probability of the company becoming a M & As (30-50 per cent), two has a medium probability (15-30 per cent) and three have a lower probability (0 per cent - Quantum quantum Quantum), a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
The gssustain gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well in the long term vis-à-vis their global counterparts with excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of the risks of esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
A comprehensive and quantitative analysis of business performance in these three areas has been produced. Ijian: a share of consumer durables. Liao Yinghua: a share of media, a share of consumer durables, a share of food beverages, a share of consumer goods in China.a A share of consumer durables: glyceums, boss appliances, American conglomerates, Qingdao Haile, Sofia.
A set of food drinks: Guai Goon, Yoo River, Guizhou Maotai, Chenzhou, Qing Qingqin, Shanxi, Qingjia, Qingjia beer (a) and Qingjia.a A set of media outlets: Aufi Recreation, Light Media, Quaohua Cable, Hua Weiwena, Blue Curtain, South Central Media, Media Division, Provincial Guang, Hua Soo Brothers, imax China, Phoenix Media, East Minju, Motsu, Motsu, Wanda Film, Hua Tze.
China ' s consumer goods: Light milk industry, modern pastoralist industry, Huayun Enterprise, Dali Food Group Limited, h&h International Holdings, Monx Dairy Industry, Kang Shifu Holdings, Qingjia Beers (h), Unified Enterprises, Wangwang China, Wanzhou International, Eli Holdings, Zhou Black Duck International Holdings Limited.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services over the next three months from the following companies: Qingdao Hale (rmb17.30) Qingteng Gauteng has had an investment bank client relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: Qingdao Heil (rmb17.30) Company rating, research industry and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.