(a) Business performance was impressive, and the growth of innovative business was strong. China moved to issue its semi-annual report in 2022, and the company achieved revenues of 49.6 billion yuan (+12.0 per cent) in the first half of the year, of which 426.4 billion yuan (+8.4 per cent) was earned from the main business, resulting in a net profit of 70.3 billion yuan (+18.9 per cent) from the mother;
Revenue profits grew in double-digit terms and value operations were very effective. Four major operations were fully active, with the main drivers of individual, household, and personal market development, with a net increase of 124 million users of the 5g package reaching 511 million households. 2) “Gift-up plus content operations” became the main driving force of broad-market growth, with a net increase in broadband customers in the gigabytes.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price exceeded 88 per cent, smart family value-added business increased by 41 per cent in the same year, driving home arpu value of 43 yuan (+4.6 per cent). 3) Continued promotion of the "net plus cloud plusdict" scale, with digital transformation becoming the "second"
A curve's growth. The company's digitized transition income grew by 39% in the same year, accounting for 26% of the main business income. Mobile cloud revenues doubled, 5g exclusive network revenues grew by 223% in the same year, and data centre revenues increased by 24.5%; and companies led the road network, digital government markets, car connectivity of 195 million, already in size.
Cost control is good. The cost of business ownership of 2022h1 increased by 8.7 per cent over the year, corresponding to the growth in operating income; the company increased its investment in innovative business while investing in an optimal resource structure. Of the three costs, R & D increased by 20.8 per cent over the same period, reflecting the company ' s enhanced technology clearance and core capacity-building;
The cost of selling fell by 13.8% over the same year, companies accelerated the transformation of their channels, and the efficiency of marketing resources increased. New information infrastructure accelerated to meet the new blue sea of the digital economy. Companies actively built 5g, a network of arithmetic, and a new information infrastructure with an intellectual center.
Web applications form replica models in multiple industries; 550,000 cloud servers, idc machines planned for 22 years, China Mobile (600941.sh) - quarterly good growth momentum, major business operations 450,000 units, computing hub core nodes are fully connected; and each is achieved through the development of an intelligent mid-stage.
China’s move (600941.sh) – accelerating the digital transition, regressing roe – values shareholder returns and continuously increasing the dividends. The company decides on a medium-term contribution of HK$2.2 per share, equal to the forecast.
Investment proposals: The results of the corporate intellectual transformation are remarkable, and we look forward to a modest upswing in business growth, a double-digit growth in performance in the first half of the year, a significant performance in value operations, and a double-digit growth in earnings in the first half of the year. In the first half of 2022, China moved to collect 49.6 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 12.0 per cent over the same period; of this total, the main operating income is RMB 426.4 billion, an increase of 8.4 per cent over the same period, attributable to Figure 2: China's mobile single-season operating income and the rate of increase (in millions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: China's net profit on moving to the mother and the rate of increase (in millions, per cent)
Value operations have achieved significant results, with digitalization transformed into a “second curve”. The corporate four main operations, personal operations (c), household operations (h), government enterprises (b) and emerging operations (n), are fully active, with Hbn accounting for 40 per cent of total revenue, up from 4.3 pct throughout 2021, and the revenue structure is further optimized.
The income of the wordized transformation business (personal cloud, intelligent family, political firm, emerging market, etc.) amounted to $11.8 billion, an increase of 39.2 per cent over the same year, representing 26 per cent of the income of the main business and constituting a “second curve” of income growth.
Figure 6: China's income from mobile digital transformation as a percentage of income from the main business (in %) constantly optimizes resource inputs and the cost of the main business is “secured and under pressure”. In the first half of 2022, the cost of company-owned operations was $286 billion, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period; the main increase in business costs was mainly due to the company's intelligent family,
The breakdown is due to the increase in investment in innovative operations, such as dict, the smart center. With the accelerated deployment of a new generation of information infrastructure, the cost of operating and supporting the network grew by 14.7 per cent over the year; the company increased its investment of talent, with a 15.2 per cent increase in staff remuneration over the year: the focus of the deployment of the network shifted from 5g to industry digitized, depreciated and digitized.
Cost amortization decreased by 0.5 per cent over the same period, efficiency management was strengthened, and three costs were well regulated. In the first half of 2022, corporate sales cost fell by $26.2 billion, or 13.8 per cent, mainly as a result of the company ' s accelerated push-through transformation and continued upgrading of online sales contributions and camps.
The cost of R & D is $7 billion, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the previous year, reflecting the importance that companies attach to R & D innovation, and the continuous strengthening of technology clearance and core capacity-building. The management cost is $27.1 billion, an increase of 7.2 per cent over the same period, mainly because companies continuously adjust and optimize their labour structures and enhance the inflow of talent.
The personal market has risen steadily, the home-wide market has grown rapidly, the customer size and value have grown and the personal business has risen steadily. In the first half of 2022, a net increase of 124 million users of 5g sets of meals in the company’s personal business market reached 511 million households and a 5g package penetration rate of 52.7 per cent moved.
The user arpu is RMB 52.3 compared to RMB 52.2 for the same period last year, and the steady upturn in the mobile arpu value has benefited from the rapid migration of 5g and the growth in digital life consumption, which has led to a steady increase in the value of single users. A strong push for “Gigaby Upgrade + Content Operation” has been followed by rapid growth in the home’s wide market in the first half of 2022.
The current broad-band business income of 59.4 billion yuan, an increase of 18.7 per cent over the same year, represents a net increase of 12.41 million broadband users, bringing the total to 230 million, with the number of wide-band users and the net increase remaining industry leaders, with a net increase of 88 per cent in the number of broadband clients in gigabytes. Companies value-added business income of 14.2 billion yuan, an increase of 41.1 per cent over the same period, is valued by content-based companies;
The number of Internet TV subscribers reached 181 million, with a penetration rate of 78.4 per cent, and the value of the home wide arpu was $43, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period, driven by the gigabytes of upgrades and home-based applications.
In the first half of 2022, corporate market revenues amounted to 91.1 billion yuan, a 24.6 per cent increase compared to the previous year, representing a net increase of 2.29 million. Figure 9: China ' s mobile market revenues (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Continuing to promote the growth of the “nets + clouds +dicts”: the “mobile clouds” generated 23.4 billion yuan, an increase of 103.6 per cent over the same period; the company's built cloud nets, cloud numbers, accommodation, cloud intelligence, cloud-side synergies, the differential advantages are gradually being highlighted; self-reflection of the Yaas, Paas, saas
Toc's mobile cloud industry is ranked second, Tob's publicly owned cloud industry is ranked seventh, and the government cloud is ranked third.
In the first half of the year, Dict contracted more than $16 billion to achieve scale replication in a number of industries such as Smart Mines, Smart Factories, Smart Power, Smart Ports, Wise Hospital, Smart Park; Data Center generated revenue of $14.7 billion, an increase of 24.5 per cent; and Company continuously optimized data on "4+3+x"
The \triangleright hub layout, the number of idc hangars increased by 22,000 compared with the end of the previous year, bringing the total to 429,000, and the number of cloud servers to 112,000, bringing the total to 593,000.
The company’s forward-looking vehicle network, which captures the opportunities for high-speed growth in the new industry, has accumulated more than 195 million car connections by the end of June, of which more than 25 million are connected to the pre-car network; and more than 150 are connected to the Landing Roads Association’s same poles;
Digital government projects have been very effective. Companies have actively empowered government management, social governance, and civic services, providing public security, justice, emergency response, and water information solutions in 27 provinces and nearly 200 local municipalities; and investing in the image of “digital government experts”.
In the first half of 2022, corporate revenues in emerging markets amounted to $19.9 billion, an increase of 36.5%. International operations, digital content, and Internet finance all grew rapidly.
Industrial Internet, arithmetic networks, artificial intelligence and other related industries, leading to the development of clusters. Figure 11: China's rapid development of mobile and emerging businesses. New information infrastructure accelerated, and company performance is expected to continue to improve.
During the year, China’s digital economy will increase from 39.8% to more than 50% of gdp in 2021, and the information services market will be 22.8 trillion yuan in size. Companies are actively building new information infrastructure to facilitate the digital transformation of their industries.
In the first half of the year, the company invested 58.7 billion yuan in the operation of 5g base stations; completed the technical validation of r16 and pushed the r17 freeze.
The company plans 550,000 cloud servers for 22 years with external access to the idc machine \triangleright.
The integration net layout will be applied to industrial Internet, car networking, meta-cosm, etc., with great prospects.
China’s mobile core operations are predicted on the following assumptions:
\triangleright assumes that the number of wired broadband subscribers in 2022-2024 will be 2.60/76/287 million, respectively, for broadband users \triangleright
The company has a clear advantage in cloud computing, idc, and 5g applications and is active on an ongoing basis, and the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.