The profitability of the digital economy continues to improve, with the world’s leading mobile communications service operators, and domestic digital economy leading companies. Companies are the largest domestic operators, leading the industry in recent years in terms of user size, volume of income, etc.
Increased investment in the digital transformation of companies has yielded significant results. In the first half of the second half of the year, the company’s digital transformation industry generated $11.8 billion (+39.2 per cent of the year), accounting for 26 per cent of the income from the main business (+5 pct).20 There is room for improvement: prices have slowed, individual markets have steadily developed, and household markets are fast.
Growth: 1) 5g user growth is the main driver of personal business growth. 22h1 company 5g user penetration rate is 52.7%, and there is still room for improvement in the number of 5g users compared to the level of 80% of peers and 4g historical peaks. Billions of household broadband users, around 11% of gigabytes of broadband penetration, and larger market space. 22h1 gigabytes of upgrades and more.
423.84 million yuan. The smart household business boosts the home ' s broadband arpu value to 43 yuan (+4.6 per cent year-on-year). 2b The business has a large and thin hair: the company ' s cloud network resources, customer resources and national localization services have a significant advantage.
1) The company has been active in the implementation of the `East and West' project, investing in the idc hangar (43,000 units) and the cloud server (180,000 units) together with telecommunications in 22 years. 2) The company has a significant advantage in the number of containers, network transmissions and resources of its government clients, compared to third-party idc service providers and cloud producers.
A new generation of information technology facilities, built from 5g, arithmetic, and the center of wisdom, is expected to help 2b operations thin. Cost controls are good with precision investment, profitability continues to improve, and roe is on the rise.
1) The cost of network depreciation amortization has risen since the peak of construction in 5g, with the company planning for 22 years of capital expenditure on a year-on-year basis increasing by +0.9 per cent, with a stable rate of revenue, a constantly optimized structure and a gradual “lighter” of total assets. 2) In recent years, China's mobile (600941.sh) - performance has been impressive, with a strong growth in innovative business.
China Moves (600941.sh) - Quarterly good growth is maintained, the main business is focused on shareholder returns, and there is a steady increase in dividends.
China Movement (600941.sh) - Accelerating Digital Transformation, Roe Falling - Profit Forecasts and Valuations: Keeping Company Profit Improvement and Valuation Repairs, Keeping Profit Forecasts Unforeseeable; Increased Market Competition Impacting Product Marketing and Profit Risks; Increased Impact of the Epidemic.
Corporate profile: a stock market opening new course, four major business convergences, mobile communications taps, a stock listing opening new course
The company was listed on 5 January 2022. China Mobile Cable was established in September 1997 and listed on the New York Stock Exchange and Hong Kong United Exchanges Limited, respectively, in October 1997. The company withdrew from the New Exchange on 18 May 2021 and the company submitted its listing on 5 January 2022.
Companies have been focusing on information and communication, with major products and services ranging from 2g to 5g. Companies are the largest communications operators in the country, formerly the China Telecommunications and Mobile Communications Agency, and now have the largest number of mobile customers in the country, as well as the largest number of wired broadband users.
China Mobile Limited’s actual holdings are the China Mobile Group. The China Mobile Group is a telecommunications enterprise formed in accordance with the overall deployment of the national telecommunications institutional reform. The State Finance Committee of the State Council and the National Social Security Fund hold 90% and 10% shares in the China Mobile Group, respectively.
Figure 3: China’s mobile equity structure Board members and senior executives have extensive experience in the management of the telecommunications industry. Mr. Yang Jie is currently the executive director and director of the company and also the chairman of the China Mobile Group and the board of directors and directors of China Mobile Communications.
The company’s core management is stable. The management team is permanently employed in three major operators, equipment operators, or counterpart government departments, and has extensive experience in the management of the telecommunications industry.
chbn, four blocks of collaborative development, with strong growth in innovative business The operator's business is divided into two main categories: traditional network operations, 20 operations and 2b innovation operations.The traditional network operations (20), with the revenue end coming mainly from mobile and broadband user operations, make decisions
The factor is the number of clients and the monthly package per person (arpu): Innovative business (2b) consists mainly of government business and emerging business.
The costs include, inter alia, network costs that support the operation of the communications network, as well as employee remuneration, sales fees, etc.
The business costs of using and managing the costs. Given the relatively large network investment of 5g, which is expected to result in a significant increase in the share of innovative business in the future, the corresponding network operating support, depreciation amortization, and related business cost items are the main indicators that make up the change in profit.
The profit model of the operator is as follows:
Personal markets (c): Deployment of the largest global wireless network to generate reverse growth in revenue Personal markets, personal communications terminal operations, to provide personal end-users with text messages, telephone calls, data access, etc., through mobile communications operations.
The company has deployed the world’s largest wireless network, and its personal operations are entering the 5g dividend period. The company’s mobile network was the largest global operator, with more than 3.3 million stations at 22H1,4g base stations, accounting for the global total of 4g base stations.
One third; the total number of 5g base stations exceeds one million and is the world ' s largest network operator. In 2021, a single person ' s market revenue was 483.4 billion yuan, a 1.4 per cent increase compared to the previous 1.4 per cent, and positive growth in the first harvest in the last three years; 22h1, figure 8: China ' s mobile operations revenue from 2013-2022h1 (in billions of yuan)
The number of mobile users has increased steadily, and the value of the arpu has recovered steadily. By June 22, the number of mobile users in the company had reached 970 million, of which 5g users had reached 511 million and the penetration rate of the 5g package was 52.7 per cent.
The company ' s 5garpu value was $82.8 in 21 years, an increase of 7.5 per cent from the 4g before it was moved. The 5g business value is represented by an increase in the combined arpu value, with the first return to the arpu value since the policy - 3.0 per cent to 48.8 yuan for mobile operations in 2021 and 22h1 further to $53.2.
Family market (h): The number of users is first in the industry, the number of household businesses is growing at a high rate. The company ' s home broadband business provides households with broadband data through home-based cable broadband. As digital information evolves, the family broadband business has led to the creation of intelligent family-related businesses, including home security, intelligence.
Household market revenues are growing rapidly, and the size of the collection is ahead of that of their counterparts. Corporate household markets reached $10.5 billion in 2021, an increase of 20.8% over the same period; China Telecom and China ' s Internet-connected broadband operations earned, respectively, over the same period.
As of June 22, the number of home broadband users was 256 million, leading their peers. In 2021, the number of home broadband users increased by 5.6% to $39.8 yuan, and in the first half of 2022, the number of home broadband users increased by 5.6% to 39.8 yuan.
A 4.6 per cent increase in the same value to $43, showing a sustained growth. The political market (b): a strategy to launch the "5g plus cloud" dual engine, a rapid growth in corporate governance, including cloud computing, the data centre idc, the Internet, the 5g network, other government and business information, etc.
Operations. By providing cloud computing to government clients, data centre hangars/server leasing, 5g specializing in government enterprises, the company has launched a "5g+Cloud" dual-engine strategy: 5g vertical application: as of the first half of 2200, the company had built 300 demonstration projects for 5g, with cumulative contracts
Over 11,000 commercial cases in the 5g industry, 13 of the 18 a+-scale steel companies, all of the top 10 container ports in the country, more than 260 smart mines, 5g smart plants, cloud services: the company continues to improve its “mobile cloud” inputs and idc resource pools, and strengthens “n+31+x”
\triangleright Mobile Cloud Resource Layout and "4+3+x"idc Resource Layout. The income from mobile clouds reached 23.4 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 103.6 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2022, the corporate market generated $91.1 billion, and emerging markets (n): new business, branding, industrial investment, 5g ecos, new information services through international operations, equity investments, digital content, financial technology, and so on.
In the first half of 2022, corporate emerging market revenues reached $19.9 billion, an increase of 36.5 per cent in the same year: in June of that year, the company had entered into deep cooperation with 466 operators, covering more than 3 billion mobile households worldwide. In the first half of 2022, revenues from international operations reached $8.1 billion, an increase of 19.3 per cent.
Digital content: Value-added services are provided to clients through the “micogu” platform, which is based on 5g and gigabytes. The “micogu” platform includes digital content products such as mcaw video, mcg music, mcccg reading, mcccg games, etc. The business income increased by 50.6% in the first half of 2022, and the mccg video full-time active customer
A 72.5 per cent increase in the same year, with video-cam bells ordering over 290 million clients. Digital payments: the company created a “and package” platform to provide users with \triangleright with communication fees and credits
In the first half of 2022, the business achieved income of $209 million, an increase of 124.7 per cent.
The return on equity investment amounted to $13.4 billion a year, representing 10.1 per cent of net profits.
Billion dollars, or 8.0 per cent more than the previous year. The growth trend in 22h1 is continuing, generating business income of $49.69 billion, or 12 per cent more than the previous year. The private market is relatively high in the company’s traditional business.
The net profits of the company grew steadily in 2021, achieving a net return to the mother. 22h1 achieved a return to the mother ' s net profits of 70.3 billion yuan, an increase of 18.9 per cent, compared with the increase of 18.9 per cent, and the net asset returns of the company in 2021, an increase of 10.2 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pct, the first time in the past three years.
5g investment in network building, steady decline in asset size, steady growth in income, a steady increase in asset turnover and a steady recovery of public-sector jobs. Figure 21: China ' s net profit from moving to the mother and the rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 22: China ' s rate of return (average) on mobile net assets (%) has fallen to 12.1%, with an overall downward trend and good cost controls. In terms of operating costs, there has been a slight increase as the network has grown. The company ' s main cost items are network operating and supporting costs, depreciation and amortization costs, and the cost of amortization.
With the size of the network, the costs of network support and depreciation amortization have increased slightly. Industry development: 20 operations have grown steadily, 2b operations have increased rapidly, the number of individual business users has stabilized and the number of 5g users has become the main driver of growth in the individual market.
With the second mobile phone, one card, there is still some room to increase the number of mobile users. In 2021, the country moved.
There is still room for growth in the number of mobile terminals in China. China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications, and China’s connectivity mobile subscribers reached 957/372/317 million in 2021, with a total of 1.65 billion mobile households, and there is still some room for improvement from the second mobile phone and one mobile card.
Figure 26: Number of mobile users of the three major operators in 2021 (in thousands of households) 5g user penetration continues to increase, 5g package upgrades have a significant boost effect on the operator ' s mobile operations, and the number of operators 5g users continues to rise in the trend of slower prices and a 5g switch of aircraft.
The total number of users of commercial 5g amounted to 928 million, and the penetration rate of 5g reached 55.6 per cent. Reference 4g user penetration peaks 80 per cent and 5g penetration is expected to increase continuously. In addition, 5g sets of meals have a significant boost to mobile operations, and 5g users increased their mobility arpu values by 3 per cent per cent per year in 2021.
Figure 27: User penetration of 5g by three major operators in 2021 (in %) Figure 28: Mobile operations arpu value (in yuan/months)
The downswing rate slowed in the 5g era. Looking at the 3g/4g historical arpu development cycle in the medium and long term, the 5garpu value will continue to decline gradually as the number of low- and medium-end users progresses, but the long-term rapid decline of the mobile arpu value slows significantly in the light of the trend towards a reduction in price fighting and consolidation.
The 5g network is concentrated in the previous period, with a medium- and long-term return of more than 4g. The 5g base station pre-deployment section completes 3.5 million base stations in the year, or about 2/3 of the size of the 4g base station. The 5g network was built after the construction period, with a focus on 5g industry applications. Considering the development of the 6g standard and the global 5g network, the initial start of the 6g construction is expected to start at the beginning.
Year to year 2029, the overall 5g yield period is 6-7 years longer than 4 g. Figure 31: Number of base stations constructed and projected in the country (in thousands of stations) Household market: Gg of benefits upgraded and rapidly developing
There is still much room for upgrading the gigabytes of users and rural coverage, and monthly meal baskets (arpu values) have benefited from continuous improvement in broadband and intelligent household services. The rich content services provided by the gigabyte broadband network also have a positive impact on household broadband arpu values.
Household broadband entry and smart households are the main development strategies of the market for the operators. The fixed broadband network has become a strategic public infrastructure, and the state has issued major policies such as the Broadband China strategy, the Double Gs, and the Double Gs programme, providing basic network guarantees for innovation and extension in high bandwidth applications.
The gigabyte era has created a rich demand for digital household applications, with operators moving home broadband business toward intelligent people. At the same time, expanding digital villages has become a new market for operators in fixed network operations.
By 2021, the Internet penetration rate in rural areas was 58%, with much room for improvement. In recent years, the continued deepening and expansion of the digital rural market by operators has been remarkable, driving the steady growth in the number of broadband users — China's migration of the gigabytes of Internet penetration — and the wide range of space available. In June 2022, there were 563 million broadband users in our households.
The number of users with access rates of 1,000 mps and above is 611.1 million, with a still large range of upgrades. Figure 34: Rural broadband access users and share of the country, 2016-2021 (single figure 35: fixed interconnections at rates above 100 m and 1,000 m in 2021)
Users of Internet broadband access (in thousands of households, per cent) focus on the development of smart household value-added businesses, with household broadband arpu value and business income rising. Operators focus on household broadband networks with gigabytes of network upgrades and smart family value-added operations.
Business-to-business pricing has gradually moved from competition to competition, with a gradual phasing-out of price reductions. The general and arpu values of the three major operators ' broadband industry have been gradually warming up, resulting in a steady increase in household broadband business income.
Values (in billions of yuan, yuan/month) were adjusted in early 2022 to incorporate household broadband user statistics into the “large connection”, so the number of household broadband users is now recorded until the end of 2021.
Since 2021, digitalization, informatization, intellectualization, and development planning for related industries have demonstrated the country’s determination to develop a digital economy in the future.
Communications are the cornerstone of the digital economy, and the new infrastructure is expected to benefit from the rapid development of the digital economy.
It is hoped that the digital economy will benefit from rapid growth. The focus on capital spending will shift from 5g construction to digitalization, and the focus on capital spending by operators in 2022 will shift from 5g to innovative operations, such as digital transformation.
Business capital investment structure: China moved 185.2 billion yuan (+0.9 per cent) of planned capital expenditure in 2022, continuing to reduce the wireless side weight, \triangleright
(b) China's telecommunications capital expenditure of $93 billion in 2022, further decreasing the wireless side share as 4g/5g related capital expenditure fell; broadband Internet capital expenditure fell slightly, with a corresponding decline in industry figures;
(b) China Connect will increase capital spending modestly in 2022 and keep capital expenditure growing in line with income growth \triangleright
In 22 years, China has invested 4.6 billion yuan in an arithmetic network, an increase of 119% over the same period. With the rapid growth of innovative business and a large market space, and driven by both policy and technology, operators are expected to rely on network size and resources, government client resources, and all.
Nationally localized resources, among other advantages, have continued to drive the rapid growth of innovative operations such as data centres, cloud computing, object networking, 5g industry applications, and arithmetic networks. From operating data for the first half of the year, the share of operator 2b ' s income from innovation has increased rapidly, and has become a major driver of revenue growth.
Figure 43: Rapid increase in the share of three major operators in innovation operations 2b (in %) Figure 44: Changes in the contribution of three major operators in innovation operations to income growth (in %)
(1) Data centre idc: The operator idc market is expected to expand continuously, driven by sustained growth in traffic and policies, and the country’s idc market is vast. Industry Internet and user traffic growth is clear on the demand for data centres, while the “East and West” policy is gradually in place, giving further impetus to domestic numbers.
According to the continued development of the central market: the “East and West” project was fully launched, and in February 2022, four departments, including the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued circulars in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Bay of Australia region of Hong Kong, Chengjing, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu and Ningxia.
The growth of mobile Internet traffic continues to drive the idc industry. In 2021, we had mobile Internet access.
\triangleright flows reached 22.16 billion gb, an increase of 33.9 per cent over the previous year.
Fifteen billion yuan. Operators continue to dominate the market, with three major telecommunications operators taking the lead in the domestic idc market. According to idc, the total share of the three major telecommunications operators in the domestic idc market was 69.4 per cent in 2020.
Data centre operators can split between base telecommunications operators and third-party data centre operators.
Model data centres, where inter-data centres are guaranteed information transmission networks, represent a cross-regional advantage of their services: for example, one operator has a larger data centre than a third-party data centre operator; for example, two networks are rich in resources and national data centres have a national network of data centres that is effectively synergized.
Local data centres interact with data through a network of operators, and the network resources owned by the operator can be effectively promoted to enhance data synergies across regions, which will sustain the idc business growth.
(2) Cloud computing: the market space is hundreds of billions, the operators have the resources of their clients and localized services, the public and private clouds have hundreds of billions of market space. In 2019, the total market size of the country ' s clouds was 133.4 billion yuan, an increase of 38.6 per cent, of which the market size of the public cloud was 68.9 billion yuan, an increase of 57.6 per cent from 2018.
The private cloud market is 64.5 billion yuan, an increase of 22.8% from 2018, and is expected to grow steadily over the next few years, close to 150 billion yuan by 2023. The country’s cloud computing head producers are divided into two main types, Internet cloud producers and telecommunications base operators:
Large Internet enterprises, represented by Aliun, China, and 100-degree clouds, have been built to deal with high-capacity cloud computing infrastructure, largely because of their self-development needs, and the spillover effect of meeting intersectoral needs has encouraged firms to open cloud computing capabilities to third-party SMEs and to develop cloud operations.
This type of enterprise is located on the upper side of the cloud computing industrial chain, for the purpose of developing a new business, with certain infrastructure advantages and customer resources, and extends down to the laas industry.
Basic telecommunications operators grew faster than Internet cloud operators in 2021. Sky-wing clouds ranked second, mobile clouds ranked third, connected clouds ranked fifth, and sky-wing and mobile clouds outpaced China.
Operators have the advantage of network resources. Compared to Internet cloud companies such as Bat, the operator’s advantage is mainly at the network and resource ends. Operators can build on their expertise at the network end to build core competitiveness in building cloud networks, cloud variety, cloud intelligence convergence, and cloud-side synergies.
Operators have deployed \triangleright branches and subsidiaries in all provinces, cities, and counties across the country, which can reach 2b clients across the country.
In the case of China, for example, the rapid growth in revenue from business operations (currently more than 18 million clients in 2b) has helped to move the cloud and the rapid growth in revenues from business enterprises. Local services have a significant advantage.
Localization market penetration and service advantages are evident. Businesses’ clients cover vertical sectors such as government, finance, health, business, etc., compared to interconnectivity \triangleright
The growth of cloud-based markets in cross-regional industries such as public services, finance, education, etc., will fully benefit from demand and market growth in related industries. Figure 56: Size and growth of public services/finance/education/industrial cloud services (single)
(3) Physical networking: The number of connections continues to grow, operators benefit from wide area connectivity advantages of cellular networks The number of global network connections will grow from 12 billion in 2019 to 24.6 billion in 2025, corresponding to approximately 13% cagr.
A wide area network is an advantage for operators, and the demand for wide area network applications will ensure a steady growth of the business. The number of cellular network terminal connections has reached 1,399 million.
(4) 5g industry applications: technology matures and commercialization accelerates, and in the last two years of official commerce, positive developments have been made in terms of technical standards, networking and deployment sites, which have provided a solid basis for application of 5g:
Technical standards: The 5gr17 standard has been frozen and will bring additional enhancements to a number of basic technologies, including capacity, coverage, time delay, energy efficiency, mobility, and a good network structure for vertical application of 5g across industries: all three operators have launched their own 5g network solutions and development paths. China moves to push.
China’s telecommunications has introduced three service models, “Expanding, Neighbors, and Wings,” which provide end-to-end and serial solutions for industry applications. China’s network uses a five-g network of virtual and exclusive networks.
Business maturity: Commercial replicability is accelerating as applications in the 5g sector have permeated various areas. As technologies and solutions have matured, the number of applications in the category of human services in the fields of intelligent cities, medical care, cultural travel, education, etc., has also increased significantly, for example, in the four editions of the Academy's “Clustering Cup”
The total number of projects that have achieved “commercial landings” and “resumable solutions” in 21 years is close to 50 per cent, of which 15 per cent have achieved “solutions that can be replicated.” Figure 60: 2021 “Cluster blooms” in the industrial area of the competition (in %)
Figure 61: Comparison of maturity (%) 5g application values in the 2018-2021 “Cluster Launching” competition. For example, in the case of the 5g quality test project, the work of the 3c component of the company's product, which required considerable manpower, was carried out in a quality-testing workshop with nearly 3,000 workers, accounting for the entire plant.
One-half of the population spends more than $25 million a month on labour. Advanced technology connects 22 machine visual quality equipment to the factory through a 5g network, helping companies to achieve cost savings of nearly 30 million people a year. 5g applications are gradually increasing, and operators will benefit from the industry later in the 5g.
Infiltration of applications to the vertical sector, spending by industry on 5g equipment will increase steadily, 5g lines of industry application chains will mature and the flexible architecture model of the network of operators 5g will help it to become a major beneficiary (5) Arithmetic networks: the business model is becoming clear, and arithmetic transactions are expected to become new trading patterns
Arithmetic networks are new types of information infrastructure that provide integrated services, such as arithmetic, web-based, network-based, network-based, cloud-y, numerical, intellectual, security-based, border, end-of-chain, etc.
By matching network numeric resources flexibly with network numeric resources, low-time durability can be guaranteed in applications. For example, in the intelligence security component of Beijing Connect, the network diverts video operations to optimal computing nodes through flexible network numeric resources, enabling uninterrupted video flow and low-time durability to be guaranteed.
Figure 64: Arithmetic network application scenario Figure 65: Arithmetic perception network achieves a low-time delay
In future computing scenarios, the network can provide computing power to users as a transparent and open service capability. The ease system consists of three main components:
(b) Arithmetic trading platforms: maintenance of arithmetic resources as an intermediary role, natiya, dispatch, provision of economics, etc.
Efficient, safe, and reliable numeracy services. Arithmetic trading systems have begun to be validated. Arithmetic consumers independently log into numeracy trading platforms, select demand resources based on their own claims, select matching resources through visualization of resources, and then make transaction payments.
Catalogue prices and network-specific information are available for matching resources. Figure 67 shows the visualization of resources in the example of the operator ' s numeracy trading platform validated with icon prices.
A unique cloud web resource gives operators the ability to provide arithmetic, or integrates a third-party data centre. Future profitability, or the prospect of a shift from flow to arithmetic, becomes a new revenue growth corporate advantage: the size of the network and the resource advantage are obvious, and innovation is possible.
Power industry leads, personal markets: network size is the largest in the world, the number of users remains ahead of the arpu values, companies own the largest 5g and 4g networks in the world, rich spectrum resources and years of experience in network operations are mentioned.
By the end of 2021, companies had opened more than 5.5 million base stations, of which 5g base stations were larger than telecommunications.
By mid-2022, the company’s 5g base station had accumulated more than 1 million stations, accounting for more than half of the country’s 5g base station, more than 30% of the world’s 5g base station, and 100% of the country’s urban and priority township rural coverage, the largest network operator in the world.
More than 1.1 million station 4g base stations cover 1.2 billion people, and figure 69: cumulative construction of 5g base stations by three major operators (in thousands of stations) with an annual income of 554.9 billion yuan, an increase of 3 per cent, and 2,56.1 billion yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 0.2 per cent.
The number of users is far ahead of telecommunications and connectivity. Mobile operations have an arpu value of 82.8 dollars in 21 years, and the company has a strong boost to mobile operations arpu, leading to an increase of 3.0% to 48.8 dollars in mobile operations.
The average value of mobile operations arpu is 45/44 and the average value of mobile operations arpu is the leading partner. Under the high base, there is still room to increase the penetration rate of 5g users. As of June 2022, there was a net increase of 124 million users of the company ' s 5g package, reaching 511 million households and 52.7 per cent of the 5g package.
Households have a 5g user penetration rate of 58%. Since the base of mobile users in companies is large, compared to telecommunications, China has experienced a lot of mobile network operations in China, and the network has performed very well. Companies have a great deal of experience with td network technology, and the td-lte network built in the 4g era is already ahead of their peers. According to the speed detector network (speedtest.cn)
A statistical analysis of the speed and quality of the network was published in 2021, and the top three operators, the 5g network, in 2021, were moved by China, reaching 279.71mbps, with the highest overall net speed rating.
The company’s dynamic household broadband business in recent years, with its number of users ahead of telecommunications, is still lower than telecommunications and connectivity, with a stronger competitive advantage. With a gigabyte of upgrading and content operations, the company’s household broadband business still has much room for growth.
In the first half of 2022, companies achieved 59.4 billion yuan, or 18.7 per cent, in household market revenues; at the user level, the number of broadband users increased by 1,241 million, bringing the total to 230 million, while the number of broadband users and the net increase remained industry leaders.
Household broadband arpu values maintain the upward trend. Compared to the combined household broadband operations of the three major operators, China's mobile arpu values show continuing momentum, China moves 21 years of household broadband arpu values rising from 5.6% to 39.8 yuan on a year-on-year basis. During the same period, telecommunications and connected households combined broadband arpu values of 45.9/41.3 yuan, respectively;
Focusing on household broadband content services, smart households have incomes ahead of their peers. Companies have accelerated the upgrading of the gigabyte broadband network, insisted on content management, and built a home information service portal for “broadband television + digital courtyard lines + vertical content.”
In the same period, China's telecom smart families earned 13.9 billion yuan, leading their peers. In 22 years, mobile smart families earned 14.2 billion yuan, a 41.1% increase over the same period.
Government and industry markets: The resource advantage is evident, the new generation of information base is helping to create a thick and thin business, companies are increasingly investing, and cloud network resource advantages are becoming apparent; and the new information infrastructure, “Conconnection plus Arithmetic Plus Capability”, built by the center, is expected to be rich and thin.
Connectivity: The advantage of 5g spectrum resources is evident, and the Institute of Layout Industries has accelerated the expansion of 5g sector applications. The company has a wealth of 5g band resources and, through a flexible network, has a greater ability to respond to the variable demands of industry applications.
2*30mhz bandwidth. The company’s 5g spectrum resources are larger than those of its peers, and the rich spectrum resources and network building have shaped a high-quality network performance. For example, medium- and high-frequency bandwidth can meet the requirements of a large-capacity network, low-frequency end can be applied to low-time extensions, and different applications in the 5g sector can be met through a multi-layer frequency band network with flexible redeployment of resources.
The company has a single 4.9 ghz band, with a 1d3u frame structure that can increase the speed of movement by three times. China’s movement has achieved a peak rate of 747 mbps for 4.9 g1d3u, which is significantly higher than the traditional rate of 250 mbs for 3d1u.
In the early stages of construction, China established industrial institutes in Shanghai, Chengdu, and Yu An-Sin, respectively, to accelerate the development of 5g industries and promote integrated applications in the fields of industry, transport, finance, medical care, and education.
Mobile China has now deployed more than 4400 5g dedicated projects. Calculus: data centres and cloud servers continue to invest, and the network continues to sail.
The data centre plans for 22 years for 43,000 aircraft. The company has deployed the racks and plans to deploy them only after telecommunications. China ' s mobile fleet is expected to deploy 43,000 aircraft for 22 years, with a cumulative capacity expected to reach 450,000; and China ' s telecommunications fleet is expected to deploy 45,000 aircraft for the same period, with a cumulative capacity expected to reach 515,000.
Cloud servers are planning to invest 180,000 in 22 years, and cloud pool layouts are catching up. China is moving for 22 years, deploying 180,000 cloud servers, and Chinese telecommunications for 22 years, 160,000 cloud servers. Corporate cloud operations are running behind telecommunications and connectivity, and cloud pools are currently deployed for 29, behind telecommunications and connectivity, but are almost finished.
As companies increase their investment in cloud operations, the cloud pool is expected to catch up faster. Figure 87: Comparison of the deployment of three major operators in cloud pools (in one case) The cloud computing business has developed rapidly, and the share has continued to rise.
According to idc ' s Tracking Report on China ' s Public Cloud Services Market (2021rd quarter), 2021q3, the share of mobile clouds ranked eighth in the country ' s ninth and first half of 2021. Figure 88: 2021q3 share of national public clouds (iaas+paas) (in %)
Figure 89: Market share of China’s seven major political clouds in 2020 (in %) Corporate computing network planning is clear and will be developed in collaboration with data centres and cloud computing operations. The company is actively implementing the country’s “East and West” engineering deployment and continuously strengthening the “4+3+x” idc resource layout and the “n+31+x” mobile cloud
The improvement of data centres and cloud infrastructure will help to facilitate the development of arithmetic networks. Capability: build the smart middle-stage aaas service system, build industry poles, move China to lead the middle-stage operation, and integrate the resources already available to help companies to make a digital transition.
In the first half of 2022, the number of capabilities in the company reached 476 and the average monthly call was over 11 billion, an increase of 61.5 per cent over the same period.
Figure 92: Intelligent mid-stage architecture Technological innovation: from 3g to 5g leading the world's operators with the ability to create technology, companies have promoted the country's autonomous development of tdd technologies and the transformation of technology from small to mainstream, leading the way.
During the same period, telecommunications and connectivity used fdd technologies in both the 3g and 4g eras, transforming them into td technologies in the 5g era. China’s mobile network technology leadership and accumulation will sustain the development of a new generation of information infrastructure in the 5g era.
In the 3g era, companies used 3g technology, td-scdma, which had the lowest maturity and not wcdma and cdma technology in terms of technology, but wcdma and cdma technology did not have a leading advantage in our country, resulting in a three-point situation.
During the 4g era, the company operated td-lte, which was slightly less technically than td-fdd, and it built a network of td-lte, which was stringent in terms of network operation and performance enhancement, and achieved a td technology void, which significantly increased spectrum efficiency, increased transmission rates and promoted the mainstreaming of td technology into 5g technology.
During the 5-g era, the company took full advantage of td technology in the medium- and high-frequency (MTHF) band by deploying a massive 5-g antenna network, making it the world’s largest 5-g network. China’s mobile 5-g network is comparable in size to that of telecommunications and connectivity.
The company has also been active in setting up 6g technology, which has been the first to come up with a "digital twinkle with wisdom" 6g vision, with the initial formation of a 6g key technology system. A 6g-related white paper 5, a monograph, and more than a few 6g joint research samples have been published, creating two industry-led prototypes of technology.
Corporate standardization is in the first group of operators, with nearly 40 international organizations such as the chairman of the lfn Board of Directors already in leadership positions, and five 3gpp posts, including the current Vice-President of the Ran Plenary, are in the top global position. 2021: new 3gppr 17 projects 22, r18 projects 14 and cumulative lead R17 projects 46, r18 projects
Business management: Organizational architecture science, staff motivation, corporate structure science. Companies operate on a larger scale than China Telecom and China combined, looking at their organizational shelves.
The company does not directly control the subsidiaries it owns, most of which are largely in the middle sector of communications, which will help the subsidiaries to operate marketably and with greater flexibility. The “mega culture” is successful.
Incentives for science and stability of personnel. The company’s workforce has been stable, and in recent years it has continued to outpace China’s telecommunications and China’s connections.
Growth analysis: Income continues to be ahead of the curve, innovation is growing strongly, and China is moving robustly, and income is consistently ahead. Companies have earned more than the sum of China’s telecommunications and China’s connections over the past decade, and the gap is widening.
The number of mobile customers and the value of arpu are at the top of the three major operators. The average annual growth rate of the company over the last five years is lower than that of China Telecom and China Connect, but in the last 10 years, China moved 4.3%/4.2%/2.5% of China Connect, reflecting the firm’s soundness.
In terms of sub-structures, companies account for more than 50% of their personal business income, and households, businesses, and emerging markets are growing faster. In terms of income structure, China has moved more than 50% of its personal business income.
In recent years, China has moved to focus on business as a transformational upgrading, exceeding China’s telecommunications.
The overall size of government and business is ahead of its peers. Cost analysis: lower capital expenditure as a share of revenue, better cost control, lower capital expenditure as a share of income, higher asset turnover.
China has the largest expenditures on mobile capital, but it has the better share of revenue than it controls, with a steady decline. Looking back, over the past decade, three major operators’ capital has fluctuated over the construction cycle of 4g and 5g, with China spending more on mobile capital than China’s telecommunications and China’s connections combined.
Figure 103: Three major operators ' capital expenditure as a percentage (in %) Depreciation amortization costs and capital expenditures tend to shrink, total assets gradually become “light” and asset turnover rates will increase further. 5g construction peaks in 2022, 5g in mid- to late stages, network depreciation amortization costs or incremental excesses
After capital spending, the size of assets will be well regulated, and total asset turnover is expected to increase. China’s total mobile assets are larger than China’s telecommunications and China’s connectivity, benefiting from shared co-construction capital savings, and China’s telecommunications and China’s connectivity combined total asset turnover has been higher than mobile in recent years.
Figure 105: Comparison of total asset turnover by three major operators in 2021 (in:) Continuous increase in R & D inputs, sustained cost optimization Focus on innovation business development, increased R & D innovation inputs, and good overall cost control. Horizontal comparison, R & D
China’s movement in recent years has been controlled at around 16%, and China’s telecommunications and China-connected R & D costs have been slightly more than 20%. Research and development investment has increased significantly in recent years, and companies’ continued increase in R & D investment has demonstrated their confidence in sustained growth in innovation.
Figure 106: Three major operators ' fees as a percentage of revenues (in %) Figure 107: Three major operators ' R & D costs (in billions of dollars) with an emphasis on research on new technologies such as energy-efficient low-carbons, operating support costs are reasonably optimized. 5g network energy consumption is 4g
Two to three times the number of networks, and the overall energy consumption was higher in the 5g era. Companies focused on promoting green low-carbon networks, which fell by 22.1 per cent year-on-year, with a small increase of 0.9 per cent in planned capital spending over 22 years, and a shift in investment focus towards innovative operations. China is expected to move in 22 years.
Capital spending will rise from 1836 in 21 years to $185.2 billion. Of this, investment in 5g will be reduced from $114 billion to profitability analysis: net interest rates and profit levels are ahead of net interest rates in China, but they are still higher than their counterparts.
In recent years, net interest rates on moving have declined. But it is recalled that China’s net mobile interest rates have consistently been higher than telecommunications connectivity in the past decade, and that the downward trend in net corporate interest rates has slowed.
The sharpest drop in Roe in the last few years is still much higher than in telecommunications and connectivity. The 10,000 won is ahead of the 1.55 million Chinese dollars of telecommunications and the 1.35 million Chinese dollars of connectivity, and the 257,000 yuan per capita is ahead of the 93,000 Chinese dollars of telecommunications and the 26,000 Chinese dollars of connectivity.
Figure 113: Per capita income generation by three major operators (in thousands of yuan) Figure 114: Per capita profitability by three major operators (in thousands)
The net profits for verizon, China mobile, ntt, kddi (the second largest operator in Japan), German telecommunications, China mobile and verizon are far more than those of other operators.
Corporate capital structure, asset-liability ratios and interest-bearing liabilities are lower than their counterparts. Over the past 10 years, public figure 118: Comparison of interest-bearing liability ratios of the three major operators in 2021 (in %) is abundant. Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2021 amounted to $314.8 billion, a year-on-year increase.
2.3 per cent; free cash flows of $131.2 billion, an increase of 3.2 per cent over the previous year, both indicators are higher than their counterparts. The Department operates reasonably well and is more resilient to risk.
In comparison with each of the three major operators’ shares over the past 10 years, China moved more than its peers each. In 2021, the dividends together amounted to HK$4.06 per share, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the same period;
Projections for China's mobile core operations are based on the following assumptions:
Referring to the above household business analysis, it is assumed that the number of cable broadband subscribers in 2022-2024 will be 2.60/76/287 million households and the value of broadband user arpu is $43.0/44.5/45.6 respectively.
The cost of network operation and support, as well as depreciation amortization costs, has gradually increased as the network has grown. Companies have managed to invest more in politics, emerging-market entrepreneurs, and employees’ salaries have gradually increased.
\triangleright comprehensive assessment, increased costs, but less rapid growth than income from the main business, and therefore operational, with slower prices among operators, more efficient management of operations, short-term viewing of sales rates and management fees
The use of \triangleright will be optimized. In the medium and long term, the cost of R&D will rise as innovation becomes more accessible, sales costs and management companies continue to increase their R&D inputs.
\triangleright Profit Forecast Sensitivity Analysis \triangleright \Triangleright \Triangleright \Type \Type \Type \Type \Type \Type \Type  \Type  \Type      \Triangleright
In 21 years, two operations accounted for more than 70 per cent of revenue. Assuming a 1 per cent change in the rate of growth in personal operations, a 3 per cent change in the rate of growth in government enterprises, and a 1 per cent change in the optimistic and pessimistic circumstances of the company.
Businesses, with strong growth in the digital economy, use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the reasonable value of the company, taking into account their development characteristics.
Corporate revenue is composed mainly of four segments: personal markets, household markets, political markets and emerging markets. Individual market and household market operations are moving into a long-term earnings period of 5 g operations and personal operations are steadily developing; household broadband operations are gathering “Gigaby Upgrade + Content Operation”, is developing rapidly; the political and business markets include clouds, idc, object networking, 5g rows
Three phases (from 2032), using fcff valuations to reflect the company’s long-term growth value. On the cost of doing business, as the 5g network is built and growing in size, the company will be able to support the network in the short term.
The company’s continuous research into innovative technologies, such as energy efficiency, to optimize the cost of network operations, is expected to optimize and decrease in the ratio of operating costs after the peak of the 5g network construction period. In terms of cost, companies continue to increase their R & D inputs, and R & D rates rise.
In the medium to long term, as innovative business is gradually emerging, the sales and management costs are rising or slightly. In terms of income tax, some of the company’s subsidiaries and firms involved enjoy a 15% income tax discount for high-tech enterprises.
Taking into account factors such as differences in tax rates, it is assumed that the rate is 24 per cent; in the case of the share distribution ratio, the share distribution ratio is gradually increasing based on the company management disclosure plan; in the case of capital cost assumptions, the no-leveraging beta factor is given 1.3 x based on our industry understanding; and in the case of stock risk
The premium rate is calculated at 12.07 per cent using the annualized rate of return of the 300 index over the past five years and the risk-free rate of return of 7 per cent; the debt outcome rate is 5.3 per cent; and, on the basis of the above-mentioned main assumptions, using the fcff valuation method, the reasonable value range of the company is obtained.
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is more sensitive than the wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table.pb has been declining over the past 10 years, and the overall roe is declining.
In addition, the company currently has a pb (mrq) of 1.05x, which is at a lower level than the global operator average (1.67x). Roe: the company’s performance and profitability continue to improve, with net interest rates steadily rising.
\triangleright builds a total of 700mhz network of 5g, the size of the company’s overall assets can be controlled and the total asset turnover or small increases.
pb: pb (mrq) for China Mobile, China Telecom, China Connect (mrq) 1.05/0.79/0.72x, with a global average of 1.67x.
Values vary, but the overall trend is the same. Thus, China’s mobile business performance is returning steadily to goodroe, and China’s mobile port unit valuation is expected to be repaired and recommended for attention.
But the valuation was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, in particular the selection of the company ' s next few years from cash flow calculations, weighted capital cost (wacc), tv growth assumptions and comparable company valuation parameters, which included many individual judgements:
(b) The weighting of capital costs (wacc) has a very significant impact on the company's valuation, and we assume in calculating Wacc that the risk rate is 12 per cent, the risk premium is 7.0 per cent, and that there may still be low estimates or discounts of these parameters, leading to low values.
(a) The risk of an overvaluation of the company's valuation due to the low Wacc calculation value;
The Division’s average dynamic pe for 2021-2022 and the latest financial report’s pb are used as references for relative valuations.
(b) The cost of transport and electricity consumption are higher for 3, 5g and the cost of support for network operations as a percentage of income may be overestimated.
The industry in which the company operates is a very policy-oriented industry, which may be aimed at reducing the pressure on the company's network costs, leading to a proliferation of regulatory policies, which in turn affect the company's profit margin, resulting in a loss of sales earnings/profits over the next three years, due to the number of subsidiaries, their wide coverage and the volume and size of their operations as they develop and expand.
This may continue to increase, and the company’s management of its subsidiaries will become more difficult, with management decisions or business expansion falling short of expectations likely to have a negative impact on the management of its operations. And the earnings of its subsidiaries are more volatile each year.
Companies are actively pursuing national innovation-driven development requirements, continuously increasing R & D inputs, promoting the integration of 5g with aicde technologies, and closing down key “crack” technologies. Due to uncertainty about the transformation of R & D outcomes, the degree of industrialization and commercialization of future R & D outcomes is not as high as expected if they are not recognized by the market.
The market competition among telecommunications operators is more intense, and the overall situation is characterized by such adverse factors as the loss of demographic dividends, the continuing decline in the cost of basic telecommunications, and the replacement of some Internet applications.
Competition affects the sales and profit margins of the company ' s products, and other risks associated with the intensification of the epidemic.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject