El ophthalmology (300015): Rapid release of demand for ophthalmology, high growth in performance, three-quarter growth in pharmaceutical bio-efficiency. Companies achieved business income in the first three quarters of 2020.
85.65 billion yuan, representing an increase of 10.78 per cent in the same year; 15.46 million yuan in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company; 47.55 per cent in the same period; 870 million yuan in the same period; 62.34 per cent in the same year.
This increase is partly due to the increase in operations resulting from the recovery of demand for ophthalmology, and partly from the contribution of the hospitals. The need for ophthalmology is released quickly. As the epidemic gradually improves, there is a delay in the period ahead.
The demand was quickly released, the volume of ophthalmological treatments increased significantly, and the company’s performance recovered. During the reporting period, the company’s Māori sales rate was 47.65 per cent, a decline compared to the same period. Overall, the company’s costs were well controlled and its profitability improved.
The cash flow was good, with 2,553 million yuan operating in the previous three quarters, increasing the pace of growth and expansion. In June this year, the company implemented major asset mergers and acquisitions and targeted increases. This reorganization acquired 30 ophthalmology hospitals, 26 of which were.
The El M&A Fund has two hospitals from the popular pharmaceutical industry, two from Ereyang Light, and 30 hospitals have been added to the consolidated statements in the second half of the year, contributing to the company’s performance.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.