El ophthalmology (3000015). q3 ophthalmology demand erupted on October 27, 2020, with high-quality growth in performance.
Increase of 10.78 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return profit of 1,546 million yuan, or 25.60 per cent in the same year.
Compared to q2 (0.72%), the impact of the epidemic has gradually diminished and consumption demand has returned to high growth.
Awareness, health and consumer awareness, El ophthalmology as a leading ophthalmologist, shows strong cost control, increased profitability, ophthalmology.
Billions, 37.79% higher than the same year, with a marked improvement in ring 1 and an excellent quality of business.
In July, the company completed a merger of 30 hospitals and further refined the company's national network strategy: a rapid reversal of performance in the second quarter, the creation of a single-season net profit net, the gradual sinking of first-line cities to district areas, and the provision of quality and accessibility to people in district areas
Services, which have also opened up a new wave of corporate growth, expanded service coverage, enhanced corporate profitability, and sustainable development capacity. We expect that 30 newly acquired hospitals will contribute 15% to q3 performance, to the right, to the elimination of cumulations, to a 35% rise in income in the first three quarters of the year, and still to be visible and visible.
In the wake of the new crown epidemic, the company recovered rapidly in three quarters, with a high-quality track coupled with a good racer, reflecting, on the one hand, the need for medical services and, on the other hand, the ability of the company to manage and respond to the crisis.
Liu Hye-min's new crown epidemic has been repeated, causing the epidemic to recover less than expected; increased competition in the market and loss of profitability; less rapid mergers and acquisitions; and disputes over medical safety incidents.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.