q3 demand surged, and ophthalmological demand highlighted Elmephthalm (300015.sz) in the third quarter of 2020.
Quarterly reports issued by companies: During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $8.65 billion, a 10.78 per cent increase, a net return profit of $1,546 million, a 25.6 per cent increase over the same period, a significant reduction in the impact of the epidemic and a strong q3 performance growth. q3 recorded operating income of 44.02 per cent in the first quarter of q3
Billions of dollars, net profit for mothers, 870 million yuan. The first three quarters of the year-on-year increase in revenue - the impact of the epidemic is gradually digesting, and the surge in rigid demand in the previous period has erupted on a seasonal basis; 2) epidemic control has become normal and people ' s office, recreational, social and other activities have been transferred more to the line, and it has increased.
(c) During the epidemic, the company accelerated the promotion of the “Internet Hospital” research assistant: Wu Keshu, by actively strengthening the digital transformation of hospitals at all levels.
Construction, expansion of on-line service delivery to patients; 4) Limited share of offshore revenue, which represents only about 10% of the total revenue of the Department (2019 annual report data). Cost-side controls are good and profitability is improved.
The rate is 1.14 per cent and the financial cost is 0.79 per cent. Overall, corporate cost-side controls are good and are expected to decrease due mainly to: (a) a prior outbreak and restrictions on business activity; and (b) company size effects and managerial capacity improvements.
The company implemented major asset mergers and reorganizations in June, and acquired 30 ophthalmological hospitals, 26 of which were under the umbrella of El M&A, 2 from the popular pharmaceutical industry, 2 from Ere Sunshine, and the 30 hospitals will be in the second half.
Year-rounding. Continuous M & As restructuring has highlighted the strength of the company itself, further improving the strategic layout of the company ' s national network, moving from first-line cities down to district areas, expanding the range of services, opening up a new round of corporate growth and increasing corporate profitability.
Capacity and capacity for sustainable development: Profit forecasting and investment rating: ophthalmology services in the country are currently growing rapidly, and companies, as leaders of ophthalmological health services, can use unique and efficient modes of expansion in the country.
Rapid, high-quality “internal + outreach” and development. Overseas, companies are actively looking for mergers and acquisitions to integrate high-quality peers. We believe that the country has a strong capacity to control the epidemic, that the demand for ophthalmology, which was contained in the previous period, is on the rise, and that the number of outpatients and surgeries in the company has risen.
In addition, the company is active in responding to the impact of the epidemic, and actively expands its supply lines to the outside world, and is less integrated than expected; 3) increased competition in the market; 5) risk of medical accidents, disputes, etc. The company has the qualifications of a securities investment consultancy business approved by the CSRC.
The Portfolio Investment Advisory Business refers to the activities of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide portfolio investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investments and direct or indirect charges for services.The data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views,