• The event of 26 October 2020: the first three quarters of 2020, when companies achieved a business income of 8.565 billion yuan, an increase of 10.78 per cent.
Realization of the net return to the mother, 1,546 million yuan, an increase of 25.60 per cent in the same year, and net deduction from the mother, 15.81 billion yuan, an increase of 27.99 per cent in the same year. Net operating cash flow, 2.553 billion yuan, a significant decrease in the impact of the epidemic and a rapid increase in the performance of q3.
On the other hand, the gradual transfer of day-to-day activities to the online level has also increased eye use, further triggering demand for ophthalmological services.
Camp, etc., accelerates the resumption of normal company activity, and the company’s performance is gradually rising. q1 in 2020, while the overseas epidemic continues, overseas operations account for only about 11% of the company’s total income, and we expect the company to be stable when it is actively engaged in epidemic protection and recovery.
In the last three quarters, at the cost end, 79.35% of the sales were made, mainly due to higher interest spending and the impact of foreign currency exchange gains and losses.
Recovering demand and rising consumption have led to changes in the corporate revenue structure and to higher net interest rates. ▪ Sustained M & As advantage, with 30 eye hospitals joining in the second half of the year. In June 2020, the Department implemented a major asset M & As reorganization, with targeted increases supported by well-known domestic and foreign investment agencies.
1. El ophthalmology (300015): Short-term proof that the company ' s M & A fund model is recognized by the market. This reorganization acquired 30 ophthalmology units that were disturbed by the epidemic and performed in the second quarter.
Hospitals, to further improve the layout of the national service network, 26 of which have significantly recovered under the El M&A fund. 2020-08-26 Hospital, 2 from the pharmaceutical industry and 2 from the sun in Ere. In addition, according to the company,
The 30 hospitals will be included in the next half of the year and will serve as a boost to corporate performance. Medical services are needed, the company’s ophthalmology chain model is being successfully replicated both within and outside the country, and long-term performance is expected to remain robust.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board