The food and drinks group, again on the power and the potential for nationalization, the company is the fastest-growing liquor company in the 2016-to-date cycle, and we think it's at its core.
The advantage lies in having an open and continuous learning organization. In the course of developing a business, the company draws on good marketing ideas and combines them with good marketing practices, making full use of the market value of the wine (RMB): 179.00 yuan.
Two rounds of a core transformation retrace: completing changes from strategic tactics to institutional mechanisms. 1) Companies promoted a series of changes, such as brand & channels, to strengthen self-employment and flattened push channels around 2008.
(ii) Since 2017, companies have been taking stock of the Shanxi Wine Company: strong performance, strong brand power drive, locking in state corporate reform, and systematically promoting institutional reform, including the strengthening of the compacts.
" Growth " , 2025.4.30. which effectively fills the marketing shorts, such as the introduction of systems-based authorizations, plus-marketing incentives. 2. " Shanxi Liquor: q3 performance meets expectations and is of good quality " ,
Product and regional strategy: Four-wheel drive for nationalization. The company has now developed a four-wheel-drive product architecture called "Bobs, Olds, Saffron 20s, Saffron 26/30s", 3. "Sanxi Wine Company Light Review: q2 product rhythm perturbations, and consumption continues to occupy power.
Intra-provincial capture structures were upgraded, and the extra-provincial combination of "Bob + Blue Flower 20" was used as an efficient extrapolation. Company Yu, 2024.8.28 Nationalization has always followed the path of "Sanxi-Chanxi-south Yangtze"
Ton, a step-by-step, step-by-step, step-by-step nationalization, is now more than 60% out of the country, building up a market layout for “a round of red days, five stars bright and Qing Qing Qing Xiang’s” . Following the revitalization program, companies have a strong potential for growth.
In Panama, 18 billion dollars are spent on small and medium-sized plants, 26 and 30 billion dollars, and 8 per cent (18 billion dollars) in the cities of Ping, Rushi and Xiangbong, and 4.5 per cent (12 billion) in the cities of the emerging plates (Gang Dynasty, Xuantiao and Guanjun), as well as in the weak ones (Yuan Guichua, Yunguchu).
Investment Recommendations: Short-term industry volatility does not change the firm’s medium- and long-term positive development, and the firm has formed a well-established base market with a comparative competitive advantage.
In the medium term, they see a need to recover the transmission of the mood and the power of the consumption of white wine, the bethics to improve the belt, the growth premium period, and the space for valuation and restoration, which are recommended on an ongoing basis.
The macroeconomic recovery is not as strong as expected, policy risks such as the ban on alcohol, and the country’s ability to pre-empt more services from the highest alcohol producers. Even with the current industry climate, many sources of feedback on corporate branding are still up.
This paper begins with a review of two important changes at the corporate strategic level: changes around the year 2008 have shifted companies from producers to marketing systems; changes since 2017 have allowed companies to break out of the institutional chain, promote marketing and establish cultural marketing backbones. Second, it has summed up the evolution of products and regional strategies at the tactical level, and companies have found stability in their succession.
We believe that the company’s core strength is to be responsive to innovation, with open and continuous learning organizations. Successive management has been bold in breaking through, constantly drawing on advanced marketing ideas and tactics in the development of the white wine industry.
First, the historical transformation reprogramming: completing the transformation from strategic tactics to institutional mechanisms 1.12008: reshaping order, pushing forward the transformation of marketing in terms of brands, products, channels, etc.
The company pushed for a series of changes around brands, channels, etc., around 2008. The node marked the beginning of a gradual shift in the company’s role from a self-contained marketing framework to a white wine producer. Retrospectively, the food security incident that broke out in the Shanxishaw region in 1998 caused significant disruptions in the company’s business development, with the company’s revenues corresponding to -45% return in the same year.
During the same period, the Oem authorization card scheme was introduced in 1996 to accelerate expansion, and in 1996 and 1997 its operating income was +43% and +68% respectively. Against this industry background, the company actively implemented the priority brand buyout in 1999.
In 2000, the company introduced the “Year of Marketing Innovation,” and the joint business development model evolved to fully leverage branding and product promotion. As a result, the size of the company’s revenue grew from $250 million in 1998 to the company’s joint business development framework, operating in a relatively broad mode of circulation, with external ports continuously expanding.
2007 Festival: 1) The market order in Henan, the central market outside the province, has been affected by the impact of counterfeit alcohol, cross-regional runs, etc... Channels of commercial activity have been frustrated and consumer branding has been weakened: 2) The developer of Hong Kong's Old White House has been censored and the company brand image has been implicated. Combined with the impact of external risk events, such as the global financial crisis, 2008
In 2008, Jung Chen became the General Manager of the sales company (the sales company was established in 2002 with 60% of shares in the stock company and 40% in the group): in 2009, Li Qiuxi became the Chairman of the stock company and Zheng Kaigen was promoted as the Deputy Managing Director of the stock company.
As management changes widely, the new management fully initiates marketing reforms and collaborates with the start-up consultancy, helps companies re-engineer marketing systems. Specifically: Product end: strengthen ownership of own products and reduce the share of joint business development products
1. The joint business development "Lightness" initiative of the joint stock company and the Liquor Group was launched, reducing the number of brands associated with rum from more than 1,000 to about 300 around 2009. 2) The product strategy of “own product ownership and product development as a complement” was established in 2009, with a clear reference to “positive booster”
The regulation of cards and products is guided by the idea of self-employment, and the adjustment of the product and product structure in accordance with the principle of `better or worse, bigger or smaller'.” (3) Clarification of the product structure of the “Old White + Cinderella + National Liquor” and rationalization of the product structure with price positioning and circulation end prices.
In March 2008, the company raised about 8 per cent for some products, 30 per cent for some high-end wine, and 10 per cent for some low- and medium-end wine.
The changes at the end of the channel can be summarized as a broad-based shift to fine-tuning operations, with joint efforts to flatten the channel within and outside the province, with eight marketing districts set up outside the central province, a shorter regulatory radius, and a more subjective marketing team in the province, with greater exposure to the management of the channel. At the same time, the company is also engaged in a marketing system as it restores order in the circulation market.
At the same time, the company has also been carrying out institutional reforms in the areas of personnel, labour, remuneration, etc., such as group-level competitions for jobs for some department-level cadres, thus laying the groundwork for a systematic change in the institutional machinery for the latter round.
At the marketing conference, Chairman Li Qiuxi identified the medium- and long-term development plan “to achieve the development goal of the Panama Gold Prize by 2015 and the 20 billion yuan by 2020” and therefore increased the focus on capacity-building, with infrastructure such as the former wine storage capacity building building as the cornerstone of the company's subsequent high-end, scale-breaking bottlenecks.
As a result of industry-beta upswing and the release of corporate- and internal-level reforms, 42% of corporate business earnings, 53% of net home-based profit caagr, respectively, emerged within the industry during the period 2008-2012. Overall, as a result of this round of reforms, the core factors driving companies to achieve sustained growth are basically shaped, including the promotion of cultural marketing strategies to upgrade their brands, clear product structures, and push.
1.22017: Dismantling of institutional constraints and driving of intra-brand dynamics accelerate release. Since 2017, companies have been cutting back on State-owned enterprise reform, systematizing institutional change, fundamentally breaking down the system, empowering traditional State enterprise development paradigms with market-based operational thinking, and continuously activating companies as old-fashioned liquor companies
From a later perspective, the company, taking advantage of the new white wine landscape, has embarked on a “drink revival” of its vision of progress toward a “one in three days.” In retrospect, the opportunity for companies to seize the state’s entrepreneurship’s reforms also stems from a collision of multiple internal and external opportunities:
In February 2016, the State Department issued an Opinion on the Coal Sector's Capacity to Dismantling Overpowered Production, which pushed the Coal Sector to subside and accelerated industrial restructuring. The Eleventh Party Congress of Shanxi Province held the same year, it was stated: “The Shanxi Company is the capital of the country.”
As a result, the pace of the reform of state capital in Shanxi Province accelerated in 2017. (2) At the level of the white wine industry, the industrial landscape has gradually recovered since 2016, mainly due to: 1.
At the same time, the white wine industry is characterized by “full competition” – and has been preceded by cases of reform of the market-listed white wine companies.
3) At the corporate level, with the advantage of a “light asset, no loss, no plate,” management has the courage to take responsibility and move forward. Li Qiuxi, then Chairman of the Li Li Li Group, led the series of changes described earlier before and after 2008.
Figure 5: Sustained fall in coal prices from 2012 to 2015