Carbonated silicon and sapphire are expanding well.
Incident: On December 3, 2021, according to the company's Wit trust public, the first crystals of the Sapphire Manufacturing and Processing Project, which produced 3,500 tons of industrial crystals, were successfully delineated, marking the official launch of the largest industrial sapphire production base in the world, while the 400,000 carbonated silicon semiconductor materials project was successfully located in Yinkawa.
In October 2021, the company announced that it would invest $3.36 billion in the development of silicon carbonated materials project, with an increase of $3.34 billion in the production of 400,000 6 inches and above per year of conductor and semi-insulated silicon.
The silicon-carbide project, which builds the strategic layout of high-end semiconductor material plates for crystals power, is the largest "mixing" of the high end semiconductor material plate, which landed successfully in Silvergawa on December 3. Research in the third generation of semiconductor materials in the area of carbonated silicon has continued for many years, with 6 inches of long crystal technology and chip processing of silicon carbonated silicon.
The process, which has been successful in developing equipment such as carbonated silicon long-crystal furnaces, polishers, extension, and platform-type companies that build equipment plus materials to fully capture the amount of silicone released and the opportunities for import substitution. The key difficulty of sic lineup is long crystals, with wide import substitution space.
Sic power devices are widely used in white power, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, etc., where lined costs include precise control of air currents, temperature, etc., long crystal furnaces (LEDs) are the vehicles of the crystal system, which are key to the control of bottom line growth quality, and knowhow is well positioned at the device end plus process calibration.
The current market for carbon silicon liners is dominated by overseas producers, with a smaller share of domestic firms. Carbon silicon liners require long-term technological accumulation, with higher technical and human barriers. According to yole, sic liners account for 45% of the city of Wolffspeed (cree full capital subsidiary) in the first half of 2020.
The company is a conglomerator of long-crystal technology and is expected to benefit from sic import substitution. The crystal-spill power uses the advantage of long-crystal technology to stabilize in the area of carbonated silicon.
Some of the advantages of photovoltaic long crystals extend to the carbonated silicon long crystals, and the underlying principles of control techniques such as air currents, temperature, etc. are interoperable; on the other hand, companies have used various technology routes to imitate and authenticate and focus more on increasing the rate of long-term competitiveness of thick crystals, rather than on shortness.
The company has 6 inches of long crystals technology and chip processing processes, and has developed equipment such as sic long crystal furnaces, polishers, exteriors, etc.; according to the fixed increase scenario, the company is in the process of forming a test production line for processing from raw materials synthesis-crystal growth-crystal grinding, which has grown 6 inches of carbonated silicon crystals, which are in-house.
Testing the main performances meets industry-level industrial chip requirements, third-party testing and downstream extension validation. Future companies will benefit fully from sic release and import substitution opportunities by virtue of their technological advantages.
Transistor power is a domestic supplier of sapphire material. Sapphires have been used in the last five years in a relatively limited way, mainly in the area of led and in the consumer electronics, small-size covers such as cellular cameras and apparelable devices, combined with rapid expansion of production and accelerated acceleration of end-sale prices.
The expansion has led to a rapid decline in profits, resulting in less space for the entire sapphire industry than the company expected. 1, Crystal Gear Power (300316): Throughout the year, Sapphire crystals are expected to be successfully placed on consumer high-end applications such as cellular caps in the long run.
New orders are expected to exceed $20 billion. In September 2020, a joint venture was set up between Transistor Power and LansyTech to develop and process sapphire manufacturing.
Technology cuts into consumer electronics and can rapidly expand downstream demand space. 2, Crystal Gear (300316): Three seasons, when sapphire costs and prices fall into the zero boundary, large batch applications will naturally occur at that time.
The market space offered by the sapphire is expected to be a higher profit growth point.
The success of the first batch of the 3,500-ton project, which marks the world's largest industrial sapphire production base, is now officially operational, and the new sapphire production of crystallizer power is an advanced energy source that is expected to give further impetus to the sapphire application of sapphire to consumer electronics.
Large orders of hundreds of millions, photovoltaic equipment operations, profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, the second curve is semiconductor large silicon devices, and the third curve is sapphire and carbonated silicon materials are fully deployed.
We maintain the company ' s net return profit for 2021-2023 at 17.14/2492/3506 million, an event in which, on 3 December 2021, the company ' s micro-visited public, the first crystals of an industrial sapphire production project, producing 3,500 tons of sapphire, were successfully delineated, marking the official commissioning of the world ' s largest industrial sapphire production base; and, in the same year,
The project to produce 400,000 carbonated silicone semiconductor materials was successfully located in Silvergawa. 1.Sic layout was right when the crystal-spill power was extended from the end of the device to the end of the material billions of yuan, forming a guidance and semi-insulated silicon-line chip producing 400,000 units of 6 inches and above per year.
The project is the largest puzzle in the strategic layout of high-end semiconductor material plates for crystal-spill power, which landed smoothly on December 3 in Silvergawa. Research into the third generation of semiconductor materials in the field of silicon carbonide has continued for many years, with 6 inches of carbonized silicon long-crystal technology and chip processing processes that have successfully developed equipment such as carbonated silicon-silicon long-crystal furnaces, polishers, outer extension, etc.
Platform-type companies that build equipment plus materials take full advantage of carbonated silicon discharges and import substitution opportunities. Third generation semiconductor materials, represented by sic, have significant advantages in such key parameters as restricted bandwidth, power field strength, saturation and electronic drift rates, heat conductivity and radiation resistance, and are resistant to high pressure, high temperature, low energy loss, etc.
Advantages, sic power devices are widely used in white power, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, etc., where the key difficulty of sic liner costs as a result of sic liner production is crystals, including accurate control of air flow, temperature, preparation techniques including pvt method (physical gas phase transfer), solution method and high temperature gas phase chemical deposition, while the long crystal furnace (dryer) is.
The crystallizer power uses the advantage of long crystals technology to keep steady in the area of carbonated silicon. On the one hand, companies can extend the advantage of long crystals to the area of carbonated silicon crystals, and the underlying principles of air currents, temperature, etc., are compatible.
With 6 inches of silicon carbonized long-crystal technology and chip processing processes, equipment such as carbonated silicon long-crystal furnaces, polishers, exteriors, etc. have been successfully developed; on the other hand, companies have tested analogues of equipment that have selected multiple technological routes for long-crystal technology, with a greater focus on increasing the long-term competitiveness of high-yield crystals than on a radical expansion of production capacity in the short term.
The market for carbon silicon liners is dominated by foreign suppliers. The market for carbonated silicon liners is dominated by overseas producers and domestic firms have a smaller share of the market.
The city of Wolfspeed (cree full capital subsidiary) has a 45 per cent share, the country’s leading cities of Tianchida and Shandong Tianyu have a 30 per cent share each year, and the lead on the conductor type is still cree. According to the crystallizer electrostatic build-up plan, the company is in the process of forming a synthesizing-crystal growth-cuting process.
The test line, which has successfully grown a 6-inch conductor-carbled silicon crystal, has internally tested the main performance to meet the industry class chip requirements and is being tested and verified downstream by third parties. 4. Sapphire potential applications are large, and scale reduction is key
Transistor power is a domestic supplier of sapphire material. In the past, the sapphire business did not progress as much as the company expected, mainly on the demand side, and the new applications of sapphire materials have been more limited over the past five years, mainly in the area of led and small-sized lids of consumer electronics, such as mobile phone cameras and apparelable equipment; and on the supply side.
Sapphire suppliers have accelerated their expansion over the past five years, causing sapphire costs to continue to decline. The rate of decline in sapphire terminal sales, combined with rapid declines in profits associated with accelerated expansion, has led to less market space for the entire sapphire industry than the company expected.
On September 29, 2020, Transistor power is proposed to contribute 255 million yuan (total registered capital of $500 million and 51% of Transistor Holdings) to create a joint venture (49% of shares) with LanthysTech to develop and process sapphire manufacturing and processing electronic materials in Ningxia.
The market view generally suggests that sapphires are more expensive to use for cellular panels, but we judge that, like the bottom logic of the photovoltaic industry, when sapphire costs and prices break the zero edge, large batches are applied from the point where the sapphire costs and prices fall.
And it will happen, when the market space offered by the sapphire is expected to be a high-profit growth point for crystallizer power. This time, Ning Shao, the first crystals to produce 3,500 tons of industrial sapphire manufacturing and processing projects were successfully delineated, marking the launch of the world’s largest industrial sapphire production base, and the new sapphire production of crystallizer power could be an advanced energy source, and it is hoped that the sapphire will be further boosted.
5. Profit predictions and investment ratings 5. Photovoltaic devices are the first curve of crystals, the second curve of semiconductor large silicon devices, and the third curve of semiconductor devices.
We maintain that the company’s net return profits for 2021-2023 are lower than market expectations for downstream production, and that new products are not expanding as market expectations. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Limited has an investment advisory on securities.