Large orders of $2.760 billion have landed and the photovoltaic equipment business is 3.3 times higher. Since the production cycle for the highest photovoltaic equipment orders is three months, the receipt and inspection period after delivery is three to five months, at the current level of order confirmation, it is our judgement that the order in hand will be fully secured.
The high view is a newcomer to the silicon chain, and the crystal-singer has received power from the old and the new players, and the high view was created by the idg Capital, the Everest Group, and is a newcomer to the silicon chain, with a 50gw large-size single-crystal silicon silicon in the Pearl Bay, and a 50gw single-crystal bar in the Qinghai Sinning.
(1) On 14 December 2020, Takatsu and the State Finance Committee of Joohai City signed a cooperation agreement for investment in new photovoltaic energy projects with a total investment of $17 billion to build 50gw210 large silicon silicon tablets; (2) after the dawn of the day, the view of Joohai was successfully opened for production; (4) on 19 August 2021, High view 50gw large silicon
The first phase of the project is scheduled to be launched by the end of 2021, and the third phase is expected to be completed by 2022q4, with a cumulative capacity of 50 gw silicon.
Large orders, approval by new players in the silicon chain, strong leadership, 90 per cent market share in addition to Lungi, major suppliers in the industry, large silicon boosters who will benefit fully, light voltage 1, Crystal Gear (30031.6 million): 5.7 billion
It's going to be a semiconductor industry chain, from setting up the company, which is the conglomerator of long crystals, to drawing a blueprint to the end of the picture, to the material, which is luminous to the semiconductor.
On 25 October, the company announced an increase of $5.7 billion to the carbonated silicon lined chip production base project,12 entry into the new race 2021-10-26 inch of the large integrated circuit silicon device test line project and semiconductor material polishing and thinning equipment.
The three main lines of operation, based on the long crystallization technology company, are being expanded to take a leading role in the country.
Performance predicts supermarket expectations, photovoltaic crystals, profit forecasts and investment ratings: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, and the second curve is half 3, Crystals and Power (30031.6): 6.1 billion
The third curve is the complete release of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials.
Three single-crystal and ancillary products contracts valued at RMB 957/3.19/1485 million, for a total of RMB 2,761 million (including taxes), with delivery time from June 2021 to April 2022.
From the point of view of the new signature, the company signed a new order of $14 billion in January-August 2021, and this October is 3.3 times the date of the new order in 2020 (approximately $6 billion). Since the highest photovoltaic equipment order production cycle is three months, the receiving and inspection cycle is three to five months after delivery, and we judge the order against the current order.
2. The high view is a newcomer to the silicon chain, and the crystal-spill power has been recognized by both old and new players. The high view was created by the idg Capital and the DYNA Group. It is a newcomer to the silicon chain, with 50gw large-sized single-crysilicon blades and 50gw single-crystal sticks in Qinghai.
(1) On 14 December 2020, a cooperation agreement was signed with the State Finance Committee of the City of Chuhai to invest a total of $17 billion in new sources of photovoltaic energy for the construction of 50gw210 large silicon tablets: (2) On 29 January 2021, the scene announced the opening of the 210 silicon production capacity phase of 15gw.
(3) On 15 June 2021, the first phase (15gw) of the 50gw monochrome project began production in Qinghai. Three days later, the Qinghai project was successfully opened for production. (4) On 19 August 2021, the 50gw silicon project, which was launched in a pilot phase and was launched in the second phase.
Project II is expected to be operational by the end of 2021, and phase III is expected to be operational by 2022q4, generating 50 gw silicon production capacity. The crystals engine power and the high view were signed in March, May, and October, respectively, with the endorsement of the new silicon player, the leader.
The firm position, with 90 per cent of the market share in addition to Lungi shares, is the main supplier in the industry, which will benefit fully from the large silicon silicon expansion wave, and the optical crystal business is entering the harvest period.
On October 25, 2021, the company announced an increase of $5.7 billion to the carbonated silicon liner chip production base project, the 12-inch silicon block test line project and the semiconductor material polishing and thinner equipment production manufacturing project, which are among the leading players in the country.
Figure 3: After deduction of the company ' s distribution costs, the sum of $5.7 billion was invested in (1) semiconductor equipment: this company ' s self-built test line (medium test line) will accelerate the development of equipment and increase the speed and efficiency of development and testing. During the testing and testing of semiconductor material equipment, it will continue to do so through the collection of experimental data.
The company ' s technology database is supplemented and improved, the equipment process is improved, and the industrialization of the company ' s semiconductor equipment is accelerated. 80 silting and thinning units are on the ground, and the thinning and polishing chain is a single-crystal furnace.
(2) Carbonated silicon material: When corporate carbonated silicon layout is right, the core of carbonated silicon is that long crystals are the most difficult and long crystals, and this increase will complete the complete transformation from equipment to material. The long-crystal furnace (the bottom-line furnace) is the key to the bottom-growth quality control, and knowhow is well positioned at the device end plus process calibration. The long-term dropdown is mainly based on the need for domestic products.
The rate of improvement is that the crystals need to be hard enough to get rid of the markers. The company is now aiming at these two points for technical development, many equipment-intensive running data, fast-tracking of the long-crystal chain technology, followed by bulk-scale chemos. Sapphire material: Ningxia project module 1 is in place and will be fully installed in June 22, and is now in place.
100 tonnes/month, over the next 22 years, the sum of 200 tonnes/month for Mon+ Ningxia, or 400 tonnes/month for 23 years; downstream digestive electrons and miniled are points of demand growth, and the entire sapphire material lacks advanced capacity, so that the company reaches 400 tonnes/month and will occupy half of the market ' s capacity.
Photovoltaic devices are the first curve of crystals, the second curve of semiconductor large silicon devices, and the third curve of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials. So we maintain that the company’s net profit in 2021-2023 was that downstream production was growing at a lower rate than expected by the market, and semiconductor operations were operating at a lower rate than expected by the market.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board