3-quarterly review: q3 with high growth, long-crystal taps entering October 30, 2021
Realization of net return to the mother, 510 million yuan, +106 per cent, ring + 60 per cent.
Billion dollars, +114%. A single quarter, 2021q3 achieved 1.70 billion yuan, +68% of the year, and the company, as the leader of domestic crystallized equipment, included an absolutely high share of the entire market (90% of the market share of sales, except for Lungi).
Capacity is growing, with higher net interest rates expected from leading managerial competencies; second, capacity release, with high performance elasticity, and companies that have been working in the past to improve and optimize supply chains, in theory, can quickly absorb orders and release production capacity into performance elasticity.
The net interest rate of 3 has risen significantly, and the impact of the superior size of the control capacity has highlighted the significant increase in profitability and the impact of the scale. Cost controls have improved during the period, with over $8 billion in the first three quarters of 2021 and over $8 billion in the third quarter of q3 with a high level of certainty of performance.
Benefiting from the upgrading of the downstream silicon acceleration plus small-size single-crystal furnaces to large sizes, the company was filled with new orders in 2021. By the end of 20,2103, the company had not completed the crystal growth equipment and the smart processing equipment contract, which totalled $17,760 million (including taxes), of which $730 million (including taxes) had not been completed for semiconductor equipment.
According to our calculations, the company signed a new order of $16 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, of which q3 single quarter, billions of large orders landed, photovoltaic equipment operations, at least 17.5 billion new orders a month, and we expect a very high probability of new orders over $20 billion a year.
• The company is the conglomerator of long crystals technology, and the blueprint is written in the end. 2, Crystal Power (300316), $5.7 billion was added to the carbonated silicon line chip production base by the company's announcement of 25 October 2021.
The meta-promotion is directed to the semiconductor industrial chain, from observation, 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon device test line projects and semiconductor material polishing and thinning to material & photovoltage to semiconductor
Equipment manufacturing projects. Active deployment of carbonated silicon materials and semiconductor equipment. New expedition 2021-10-26. Profit prediction and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystallizer power and the second curve is half.
The third curve is the full release of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials.
Events: Corporate disclosure of three-quarterly reports in 2021, with total operating income of $3.99 billion in the first three quarters, i.e. +60.6 per cent; operating income of $1.70 billion, i.e. +68 per cent, i.e. ring + 24 per cent; net profit return of $510 million, i.e. +106 per cent, with performance in the first three quarters at the midpoint of the forecast, with a rise in the peak of photovoltaic crystal equipment
One is the growing profitability of companies to benefit from the scale effect, as domestic crystallized equipment, encompassing an absolutely high share of the entire market (90 per cent of the market share of sales in addition to Lungi shares).
Net interest rates on leading managerial competencies are expected to increase further; second, by releasing high performance elasticities, companies have in the past been committed to improved and optimized supply chains, and theoretically, firms can quickly absorb the orders taken, and release productive capacity into performance elasticity.
Net interest rate q3 has increased significantly, and the impact of premium capacity on scale is highlighted in figure 3: corporate profitability increased by $8 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, resulting in higher levels of certainty in performance in the first quarter of 3.q3.
Benefiting from the upgrade of the downstream silicon acceleration plus small-size single-crystal furnaces to large sizes, the company was filled with new orders in 2021. By the end of 2021q3, the company had not completed contracts for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment totalling $17.76 billion (including taxes), of which $730 million (including taxes) had not been completed for semiconductor equipment.
Newly signed orders amounting to $16 billion, of which $8.1 billion were signed in q3 quarter plus $1.490 billion in October with the high view.
On October 25, 2021, the company announced an increase of $5.7 billion to the carbonated silicon lined chip production base project, 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon silicon device testing pilot line project and semiconductor material polishing and thinning equipment production project. (1) Carbonated silicon material: long-crysotile furnaces (the bottom liner) are the key to the bottom growth quality control, and knowhow has more hands.
The long-term downfall is based on the need for domestic products to improve the rate, and the need for crystals to do a lot of hard work to get rid of the markers. The company is now targeting these two points for technological development, with a large number of equipment intensive, and the technical difficulties of running the data to capture them, followed by a scale production.
(2) Semiconductor equipment: This company will accelerate the development of the equipment, increase the speed and efficiency of the development, and accelerate the process of industrialization of the company’s semiconductor equipment.
Profit forecasting and investment rating. Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, the second curve is the semiconductor's large silicon device release, and the third curve is the full release of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials. We maintain the company's net profit for 2021-2023.
Substream expansion has been slower than expected by the market. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee