Revenue recognition shows an acceleration of three quarters of performance over expectations — crystals and power (300316.sz) companies issue performance forecasts for the first three quarters of 2021. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies expect to achieve a net return.
The main reasons for the performance were: (a) the large new silicon tablets.
The company fully benefits from the re-engineering of the industry by the newcomers, with the silicon silicon expansion constantly under repair, as the largest single-crystal equipment supplier in the Lungi market. (b) Sapphire material operations are rapidly increasing over the long term, and as a high-quality led-line material, demand comes mainly from Miniled, among others.
The order was further increased: by the end of June 2021, the company had not completed the contract for crystal growth equipment and intellectual processing equipment totalling $11.45 billion, of which $644 million (including taxes) had not been completed for semiconductor equipment. On that basis, in August 2021, the company and Ningxia Central Ring signed the full-automatic crystallization.
The firm’s firm-in-hand orders provide strong support for 2022’s performance. The growth of the sapphire material business is noteworthy: 700 kg class of the first super-sized sapphire crystals.
In November of the same year, the company, together with LansyTech, invested in the establishment of the Ningxia Jingxin Electronic Materials Company Ltd. Since the third quarter of 2021, the equipment has been installed and put into production in batches, and the project is progressing as expected.
Proactively building a panconductor platform, and a panconductor equipment platform: (a) with regard to integrated circuit equipment, active promotion of sales to domestic mainstream semiconductor material plants, with revenue recognition expected for the third quarter; and (b) with regard to photovoltaic equipment, with regard to
In material Hong Kong, a joint venture was set up through the replenishment of the equipment of the fully-owned subsidiary Kishin, Joint venture 1 and the semi-annual evaluation of the crystals engine power: Māori rates are proposed to contribute $120 million to the purchase of the Italian silk network printing facility under the umbrella of the application, the Singapore chip.
Upgraded hand orders 2021-08-27 Test equipment operations and the above-mentioned operations have further enriched the Chinese asset and photovoltaic equipment product lines.
The “big” opportunity in the “big” era of 2021-05-07 continues to improve.
We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for reference only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are independent of the company and the author.