A three-quarter profit-making exercise with a high degree of innovation in hand orders, and a three-quarter review of the crystal-signal power in 2021.
The company issued a bulletin in the three quarters of 2021, which resulted in a revenue of 3,991 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 60.61 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return of 1.11 billion yuan, an increase of 111.97 per cent over the previous quarter.
In the third quarter of 2021, the company achieved revenues of $1.704 billion, an increase of 67.94 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother was realized $510 million, an increase of 106.1 per cent over the same period; the main benefits were the accelerated expansion of the photovoltile silicone end product, the volume of orders and the circulation of revenues market value (million yuan):
At the same time, corporate semiconductor equipment operations and sapphire material operations have also been fast-growing, contributing positively to the growth of corporate performance. In the third quarter, the company achieved 40.38% Māori, accelerated production with silicon mills, and the company's high levels of innovation in its hand orders.
At the end of the year, the company ordered $17.76 billion in hand orders, of which $17.34 billion in photovoltaic equipment, an increase of the same amount.
210%; semiconductor equipment orders, $726 million, an increase of 81% from the previous year. The accelerated expansion of silicon mills has enabled companies to innovate and support strong growth in their performance.
The company's current business layout covers advanced materials such as photovoltaics, semiconductors, sapphires, silicon carbide, advanced packagings, up to $5.7 billion in additional funding, investments in carbonated silicon liners, etc.
For the past six months, the company’s project planning has gradually been in place, in the field of photovoltaic silicon crystals and applications.
In Hong Kong, a joint venture has been set up to expand the product lines of photovoltaic equipment.
The development and certification of semiconductor equipment is also expected to accelerate.
Consider the company’s status as a pole of photovoltaic monocrystal silicon equipment, while the layout of “advanced materials, advanced equipment” is being improved to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The epidemic caused the world to see less light voltage than expected, and more light-volatile silicon silicon output than expected. Lee Gallen, author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional and independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.