It's proposed to raise $5.7 billion to enhance the material advantage of semiconductor equipment.
• On 25 October 2021, the company issued an announcement to raise up to $5.7 billion, to invest in carbonated silicon production base, 12 inches of integrated circuit core silicon equipment test line, year
Production of 80 semiconductor material polishing and thinning equipment production projects and replenishment of liquidity. We maintain the material end, where support companies continue to plant carbonated silicon chips, and at the material end, where the fund-raising project involves the production of a total investment of $3.36 billion in carbonated silicon lined chip production base.
The above-mentioned project is designed to produce 400,000 electric and semi-insulated carbons of 6 inches and above per year, and is expected to generate 2,356 million yuan in new sales per year after delivery, with an average annual profit of 588 million yuan. In the direction of the semiconductor silicon, the demand for carbonated silicon of the third generation of semiconductor materials has increased rapidly.
In a long-term context, the project will continue to deploy carbonated silicon chips, upgrade the company's profitable energy quality at the end of the equipment, build the capacity plus, strengthen the first advantage in semiconductor equipment, and when the project lands, it will increase the company's first advantage in semiconductor equipment. At the end of the equipment, this decision will be made.
The increase includes two major projects. (1) The 12-inch integrated circuit core equipment test project for silicon tablets with an investment value of $750 million. It is expected that the test centre will cover 12 inches of domestic and international standard demand.
Integrated energy tests for equipment such as machines, grinders, thinners and polishers can improve company testing conditions, corporate information update report - semi-annual performance, driving the process of improving silicon equipment. (2) Investment of $500 million in 80 semiconductor kits per year to polish and reduce
Lei, R & D + acquisition steady progress 2021.8.29 Production and manufacture of thin equipment (35 semiconductor material thinners per year, 45 semiconductor kits per year) Corporate update report - proposed and applied materials
Through this project, the company plans to expand the production of 8-12 inches of thinners and peripheral polishers, a joint venture acquisition, a platform strategy for enhanced photovoltaic equipment, a two-sided polisher, and a final polisher. It is expected that the increase will boost the company’s productive capacity and contribute to a new profitable growth point.
Corporate Updates - Large Performance Predictions