On October 14th, 2021, the beneficiary silicon company expanded its production and performed excellently in three quarters.
The company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 2021 and expected to achieve a net return profit of 10.74 to 3 quarters with excellent performance and a positive growth potential for silicon end-of-end expansion.
Market value in circulation (millions of dollars): Active expansion of production progress by profiting silicon millers, and positive market opportunities for companies to achieve a significant increase in the volume of orders, the scale of operating income and business performance, along with company semiconductor equipment and sapphire
Material operations have also grown rapidly, making a positive contribution to the growth of corporate performance. Three-quarter performance tables have grown by 63.95%, and single-quarter net return profits have exceeded the sum of the first three quarters of 2020. According to our incomplete statistics, the domestic photovoltaic silicone industry grew more than 360gw between 2021 and 2023.
The Chinese ring shares, the six-phase project, were moving fast, and the company had been up-to-date with orders. As at 30 June 2021, the company had not completed its photovoltaic equipment contract for a total of $10,806 million, compared to the "N.S.S.I.E.'s Deliberation-Crystal Power" (300,316) event.
The Division has reached an all-time high in hand orders, and, according to company bulletins, it is expected that the contract will land the “Medium Six” orders, and that the delivery of the equipment will begin in November 2021, which is expected to fully support the company’s performance growth in 2022.
In September 2021, in the company's own company, the first large-scale stone-eating material came out of the oven.
Underline, large-scale quartz is the basis for pulling semiconductor-grade and photovoltaic-sized single-crystal silicon rods.
2021.08.27 Request that, in the context of the current global increase in the volume of photovoltaic machines, the demand for quartz as a consumer will continue to climb, and the future market space will be vast, serving as a development strategy for crystallizer “advanced materials, advanced equipment”
"Advanced material, advanced equipment" is still well-developed, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent, and objective in presenting the report. The data that I promised to report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.