On 15 October, the company issued a performance forecast for the third quarter of 21 years, q1-q3 years, and the company expected to realize a net return profit.
A significant amount of light-voltage equipment drives the company to grow rapidly in its q3 performance ring. According to the company ' s performance forecast, the main reasons for the quick release of q3 ' s performance are: 1) benefits from the photovoltaic industry. Substream silicon producers actively promote the pace of expansion, and companies achieve large orders, the scale of operating income and the same level of business performance.
Growth. 2) Semiconductor equipment operations and sapphire material operations are developing rapidly. The Unit is moving at a depth of 300, with large orders in the middle of the Ningxia ring landing and strong hand-held orders laying the foundation for rapid performance growth.
\triangleright As of 30 June 21, the company had not completed contracts for crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment totalling $11.45 billion, of which $644 million had not been completed for semiconductor equipment. In addition, on 1 September, the company signed a contract with Ningxia Central Ring.
Automated Crystal Grower Contract, where the company sells fully automated crystal grower equipment to Ningxia Central Ring for $6,083 million (including taxes). Together, the company will order a total of $17,533 million for 20 years.
The company has the highest share of a single-voltage furnace in the country, with a sustained increase in the volume of light-voltage machines and a greater advantage of the efficiency of the size of the precipitation, which will continue to benefit from the expansion of the silicon mill; in the semiconductor sector, the firm has developed a 12-inch hard axle straight pull; the silicon single-crystal furnace has successfully grown 12-inch silicon monocrystals; and the delivery and certification of related semiconductor equipment is accelerating, with national production accelerating.
The acceleration of the process will strongly drive semiconductor business growth; in addition, the sapphire business is expected to continue to generate a profit increase. Overall, the photovoltaic, semiconductor and sapphire trio opens up the company’s growth space, and business is expected to continue to grow.
The research assistant, Ouyang Xiao, who is a research assistant with lower-than-anticipated and semi-conductor requirements, continues to have room to upgrade the valuation level by maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Mid-year review: excellent performance, high R & D support, full breakthroughs in a number of business products
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,