The $5.7 billion is to be added to the semiconductor industrial chain, from equipment to material.
Jubay, like issuing up to 257 million shares, raising up to $5.7 billion, including this amount, investing in carbonated silicon lined chip production base projects, etc.
The target increase was directed mainly to silicon-carbide materials and semiconductor equipment, and the strategic layout was further refined. The target increase was divided into 3,134 million yuan for the production base of silicon-lined chip items, 564 million yuan for the 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon device test line project: 432 million yuan.
80 semiconductor material polishing and thinner equipment production projects in the year; 1.57 billion yuan to supplement the carbonated silicon layout when it is right, the core of carbonated silicon is the most difficult and long crystal, and this increase will be completed as a complete transformation from equipment to materials.
The long-term downfalls are based on the need for domestic products to improve the rate, and on the need for crystals to be thick enough to be able to get rid of the markers.
So, when you invest more in research and development, and when you have more equipment and more data, you can fast-track the technology of the long-crystal chain, and it is possible to replicate the company’s successful experience in working on a single-crystal single-crystal process.
This time, the company's self-built test line (medium test line) will accelerate the development of the equipment and increase its speed and efficiency. During the testing and testing of semi-conductor material equipment, it will be possible to collect experimental data.
This expansion will effectively accelerate the pace of industrialization. The thinning and polishing chain is the next semiconductor equipment to be released after the single crystal furnace. The company plans to use the semiconductor.
The project expands the production of 8-12 inches of thinners and peripheral polishers, double-sided polishers, final polishers, sustained promotion of autonomous innovation and technical support services, accelerated research and development breakthroughs and production of semiconductor-specific equipment, 1, Crystal Gear Power (300316), q3
The company's performance in the 8-inch semiconductor processing equipment forecasted the hypermarket, the photovoltaic crystals were sold in bulk, and the 12-inch thinning and polishing equipment was better certified on the client side, with future surpluses.
Considerable profit. So, in this fund-raising project, through the introduction of a variety of advanced machine-processing equipment, the company has increased the manufacturing level of high-end precision parts by 8 inches, 12 inches of thinning and polishing equipment by introducing a variety of advanced machine-processing equipment.
Large orders landed, with new production capacity in January-August 2021, not only providing the corresponding production conditions for different products, optimizing the company ' s production line structure, but also helping to exploit business synergies and providing new profitable growth points.
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve in crystals, the second curve is semiconductor large silicone devices, and the third curve is sapphire and carbonated silicon materials are fully deployed
Reported: Contract liabilities & high stock event: company issuing stock plans to specific targets, no more than 35 (inclusive) no more than 257 million shares to specific clients, and raising up to $5.7 billion (inclusive) to invest in carbonated silicon linerators
1. The main thrust of the targeted increase is the production of silicon-carbide materials and semiconductor equipment, with further refinement of the strategic sheeting of the billion yuan for the 12 inch integrated circuit large silicon device test experimental line project: 432 million yuan for the production of 80 sets of semiconductors per year, and material polishing and thinning equipment manufacturing projects: 1.57 billion yuan for the replenishment of liquidity.
The strategic layout of the crystals engine has been structured around the core technology of the long crystals, focusing on high-technology enterprises that are “advanced materials, advanced and ready” and are structured around silicon materials, carbonated silicon materials, sapphire materials, three major semiconductor material exhibitions. The product lines are mainly structured around three track layouts: photovoltaics and semiconductors, and consumer electronics.
As a further refinement of the existing business, the company is focusing on technology in the rare "one-paper blueprint" in the equipment industry.
We've always thought that, while in the short term, the profit model of the crystal-sic business has not yet been determined, we think it is possible to refer to the sapphire business development model (the sapphire furnace space is small; but the market for the sapphire crystal market is large), and that the profit model of the crystals-sic business is likely to extend to the material end in the future. This company is officially carbonated silicon.
Industrialization projects are also in line with our predictions. Companies can make large income scales from equipment to material extension, carbonization, silicon liners account for about 70% of the cost of all devices, domestic liners, just up ahead of Tandong Tiandong, Tianco-Da, and Tri-Ann integrated layouts. In global dimensions, the bottom line is predominantly sharp, with cree accounting for more than the global output.
80%, but cree also has a good rate of about 60% in the long crystal chain, and there's still a lot of room for upgrading. The crystals power is in the field of carbon silicon, the layout is steady, and the device selected for the various technical routes is authenticated. In fact, the most difficult thing about carbon silicon is crystals, and the crystals power is more concerned with how good things are going up, and it's about how hard the crystal products are to grow.
And the company’s core technology is long crystals, i.e. air currents, temperature controls, which are connected from the bottom to the light crystals. The long-crystal furnaces (the bottom-line furnaces) are the key to bottom-growth quality control, and knowhow is much more at the end of the device plus process.
The long-term downswing is based on the need for domestic products to improve the rate, and the need for crystals to be thick enough to target the markers, so that the company targets both of these points for technological development and subsequent bulk-scale production. So when you add large R & D inputs, with a lot of equipment running data, you can quickly hit the long-crystal chain with technical difficulties, and it is hoped that the copy will be replicated.
3. Semiconductor equipment tested in 12 inches of silicon, semiconductor equipment operations are moving into accelerated development, semiconductor large silicon pieces are in urgent need of national production, and the tap plant is expected to benefit from the outbreak of downstream demand.
We believe that in a wave of domestic production of semiconductor large silicon, crystals are the most beneficial: 1) the equipment requirement is the national production requirement. The Japanese semiconductor association has a clear limit on Japanese exports of high-equipment equipment, and the semiconductor silicon equipment is in dire need of national production.
World-class equipment suppliers, in the area of 8-12 inches of large silicon equipment according to the company's latest fixed-increment crystals, have achieved almost 8 inches of full coverage and national production replacement for company products in crystal-growing, sliced, polished, extra-extended crystal material, 12 inches of long crystals and partial processing equipment in bulk sales and product quality
There is still close cooperation with the major silicon mills in China, China, China, Japan, Jin Rui-chung, Chengzhou, etc., which benefit most from the wave of national production. 2) The technological advantages of single-crystal furnaces are clear. The core difficulty of single-crystal furnaces is that they are superconducted magnetic fields, fully controlled by Japanese firms, while the crystals power is working well with the respective Japanese suppliers.
The quality of the 8-inch silicon silicon produced by the company's equipment is close to positive, and the crystals engine power is in a position to take a treacherous lead in the industry. 3) The order is in good shape. The firm is bound to the center circle depth of the large silicon, and we expect that the central ring will give priority to the use of crystals in the expansion.
The project envisages the construction of a clean house, equipped with advanced domestic and foreign laboratory and test equipment, and, upon completion of the project, the pilot testing centre will integrate 12 inches of integrated silicon-based all-volatile growth furnaces, single-crysilica cutters, single-crystal grinders, steel cutters, grinders, thinners and polishers, among others, covering domestic and international standards.
It can be tested, involving silicon production and processing processes such as crystals, grinding, cutting, slices, grinding, thinning, double-face polishing, edge polishing, and final polishing. A future help in industrial layout: 1 to help enterprises adapt, optimize, and upgrade equipment.
(In the case of single crystalline silicon growth furnaces, the degree of automation, system seismic technology, cush supermagnetic magnetic field, microdeficiency control technology, etc., will be studied and tested upon completion of the project, which will allow for early detection of equipment performance deficiencies and analysis and resolution to meet market demand for single crystalline silicon growth furnace production, growth rates, energy consumption, conversion efficiency, etc.)
Automation requirements. 2. During testing and testing of semiconductor materials, the collection of experimental data enables continuous updating and refinement of the enterprise ' s technology database, improvement of the equipment process, and acceleration of the process of industrialization of the company ' s semiconductor equipment. (In the case of thinning equipment, the use of experiments to collect geometric parameters such as silicon shapes, ttv, stir, etc. is helpful.)
With a view to optimizing the processing process of thinning equipment and improving the quality of the processing of silicon tablets, thereby providing high-quality and high-stability facilities for customers, 4.80 scavengers and thinning projects will be located. This expansion will effectively accelerate the industrial process.
Production of 8-12 inch thinners and peripheral polishers, double-face polishers, final polishers, sustained promotion of autonomous innovation and technical support services, accelerated research and development and product validation of semiconductor-specific equipment, extensive layout semiconductor industry chain-related manufacturers. The company’s 8 inch semiconductor processing equipment has been sold in bulk, 12 inches thinning and polishing equipment in customers
End-testing is good, and future profits are significant. So, in this fund-raising project, the company, by introducing a variety of advanced machine-processing equipment, has increased the manufacturing level of sophisticated, sophisticated parts and components, raising the production capacity of 8 inches, 12 inches of thinning and polishing equipment, not only providing the production conditions for different products, optimizing the company ' s line structure, but also helping to perform it.
Business synergies provide a new profit growth point. 5. Profit forecasting and investment rating.
So we maintain that the company’s net profits for 2021-2023 are lower than market expectations for downstream production, and less than market expectations for semiconductor operations. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Oo Stock Company Limited has a portfolio investment advisory.