New orders are expected to be over $20 billion a year, with orders of the same magnitude and orders of $630 million and $1.61 billion with two fine silicon materials (Small Resources for Energy Conservation) and $2.24 billion worth of orders to land.
Two big orders landed, and we expect a new contract of over $20 billion a year, and the company announced on November 8, 2021 that it had signed an order of $1.4 billion with two different silicon materials, in two instalments, of which 630 million; in November 2021, the company and the silicon.
The contract for the purchase and sale of single crystal furnaces was re-established, with a total amount of $1.61 billion (including the two phases of the aforementioned contract). The amount of the two contracts was raised from $1.4 billion in May to $2.24 billion (including taxes).
We expect the city to have about 80% of the capacity of 20gw silicon in a two-stage phase, and the two-stage silicon material is the operational implementer of the two-stage energy-saving "40gw monosilicon project", which was built in two phases, with a total investment of 7 billion yuan in a one-phase project, which is 20gw lacs and 20gw cut.
A single-crystal investment of 140 million yuan/gw, an order of 2.2 billion yuan for about 16gw capacity, and a crystal-spill power share of 80% in a two-stage project.
On October 25, 2021, the company announced an increase of $5.7 billion to the carbonated silicon line chip production base, 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon device test line and semiconductor material polishing and thinning equipment (1) silicon carbonated material: the long crystal furnace (the bottom liner) is the key to the bottom growth quality control, knowhow
The long-term downfalls are based on the need for domestic products to raise the rate of improvement, and the need for crystals to do a lot of work. The company is now targeting these two points for technology development, 1, Crystal Gear (300316): three seasons.
Following up on the scale production, it was reported that q3 performed with high growth, crystal (2) semiconductor equipment: as of the end of 2021q3, the company semiconductor equipment was on hand orders of $730 million.
This self-built pilot line will accelerate the development of equipment, increase the speed and efficiency of research and development, and accelerate the process of industrialization of the company’s semiconductor equipment.
Large orders for billions of dollars, photovoltaic equipment, profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, the second curve is half 3, Crystals and Power (30031.6): 5.7 billion
The third curve is the complete release of sapphire and carbonated silicon materials.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board