On October 25, 2021, it was proposed to raise less than $5.7 billion to invest in carbonated silicon liners.
The company issued an announcement to raise up to $5.7 billion for the carbonated silicon lined chip production base project, the 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon device testing test line project, 80 semiconductor sets of materials per year and
After years of research and development inputs and technological accumulation, the company has successfully developed a third generation of semiconductor materials for carbonate silicon lengths.
Crystals, polishers, extension equipment, and in 2020 the company succeeded in growing 6 inches of carbonated silicon crystals, ready to be certified by customers. This project to raise carbonated silicon is a pilot-type and semi-insulated silicon-line chip producing 400,000 pieces of 6 inches or more per year, with an estimated investment of 3.36 billion yuan and a 60-month construction period.
The project to build a large silicon test test line to accelerate the development of semiconductor silicon equipment The company has successfully developed applications for semiconductor silicone crystal growth, outer circle grinding, cut, slices, grinding, grinding, etc.
Equipment for processes such as thinning and polishing, but testing of large silicon production line equipment depends on downstream customers, limiting the equipment development and validation cycle. The company’s 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon device testing pilot line project will be equipped with high-end detection equipment and a high-quality test site to significantly improve the company’s existing testing conditions and achieve
Experimental and testing of silicon manufacturing equipment is expected to enhance the ability of companies to develop and test their products, promote the production of silicon, improve the equipment process of the Silicon Stock Exchange (300316) 2021q3, and accelerate the development of the company ' s semiconductor silicon equipment to support the company ' s long-term development.
Pre-advised evaluation report: expansion of silicon mills, three-quarters performance, expansion of production reduction and polishing equipment, further enrichment of semiconductor equipment class 2021.10.18
The company plans to invest $500 million in the construction of 35 semiconductor material reduction units per year, 45 semiconductor kits per year Material polishing equipment projects, which produce 8-12 inches of reduced equipment that can be used at the end of silicone and at the end of the envelope.
The peripheral polisher, the double-face polisher, and the final polisher are focused on the silicon-making end, and the corresponding downstream client is the "Medium Six" order, the silicon mill, the sealing plant, the idm plant, etc.
The acquisition needs, the company’s current equipment is already competitive with large foreign firms and is better tested on the client side, and it is expected to continue to contribute to the company’s performance in a sustained manner.
Considering the company’s position as a pole of photovoltaic single-crystal silicon equipment, the “advanced material, advanced equipment” layout is still perfect, and the “buy-in” rating is maintained. The epidemic has caused global photovoltaic machines to run below expectations, and photovoltaic silicon silicon is growing below expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.