q3 performance grew rapidly and profitability continued to rise 60.61 per cent longer than the 21-year three-quarterly review of crystals power, resulting in a net profit of 1.11 billion yuan, an increase of 111.97 per cent over the previous year;
q3’s performance grew rapidly, and corporate profitability continued to increase On a quarterly basis, o3 achieved a net profit of 1.704/510 million yuan, an increase of 67.94/106.10 ptt, respectively.
Taking advantage of market opportunities and continuously upgrading equipment delivery capacity and quality management to achieve a significant increase in order volume, volume of operating income and business performance: 2) semiconductor equipment operations and sapphire materials operations are rapidly developing.
\triangleright, as at 30 September, the company had not completed a contract for crystal growing equipment and smart processing equipment totalling $17.76 billion.
The contract for semiconductor equipment was not completed at $726 million. On October 27, the company announced the purchase and sale of equipment with high-scenes solar energy, in which the contract signed in October alone amounted to $1,485 million. The two stacks are now expected to reach $19.245 billion in hand orders. As the demand for equipment in the industry continues to be released, we expect that the company will be able to do so.
New orders are expected to increase further throughout the year, and a full-fledged hand-held order will further enhance firm certainty about the high growth in corporate performance. 5.7 billion fixed-increment semiconductor industry chains, with forward-looking layouts contributing new impetus to the company’s continued development
On 26 October, the company announced a plan to issue stocks to a specific target group, with no more than 35 specified investors (including) eligible for the required conditions, no more than 257 million shares (including this amount), raise no more than $5.7 billion (including this amount), invest in carbonated silicon lined chip production bases and 12-inch integrated circuit large silicone device test lines.
As carbonated silicon is applied to the growing market in new energy vehicles, storage, etc., the company’s forward-looking business layout is expected to add new impetus to the company’s continued development. Pe is 60/42/35 times, and the middle light-volatile device index is 78 times greater (ttm, cut to 10/29).
The company, a locomotive company for photovoltaic equipment, benefits from a tap valuation premium, and the valuation level still has room to upgrade and maintain a “recommended” rating.
Downstream expansion is below expectations and semiconductor needs are below expectations. Mid-year review: high performance, high R & D support, across-the-board breakthroughs in many business products
Summary of company financial statement data projections Master of Statistics, Associated Democratic Securities 2020, Bachelor, Joined Civil Security 2020.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.