q3 performance forecast for supermarket, photovoltaic long crystals, 15 October 2021  performance forecast for supermarket, high growth for photovoltaic long crystals.
The company, as the leader of domestic crystallized equipment, includes an absolute high share of the entire market (90% of the market share of sales except for Lungi). First, the company's ability to benefit from the economies of scale is increasing, and the net interest rate is expected to increase further with the lead management capacity; and second, the capacity to produce.
With high performance elasticities, companies have in the past been committed to fine-making improvements and the excellence of the supply chain, and in theory firms can quickly digest the orders they take and release production capacity into performance elasticity. From a hand order perspective, companies had not completed crystal growth equipment and intelligence by the end of 2021h1.
The processing equipment contract amounts to $11.45 billion, which is added to the $6.1 billion order announced at the end of August, and we expect to create a long-crystal technology conglomerate, with a blueprint drawn from the end of the day, based on three major areas of operation: semiconductors, sapphires, carbonated silicon.
(i) Semiconductor equipment: the company has successfully developed its first 12-inch hard-axis silicon monocrystal furnace, has successfully grown 12 inches of silicon monocrystal crystals, and has made another breakthrough in 12 inches of semiconductor long-crystal equipment technology and processes; it has now provided the central lead with long crystals, slices,
The polishing equipment is being tested, and we expect to provide extended equipment tests by the end of the year. The company's subsidiary Zhejiang 1, Crystal Gear Power (30031.6 million): $6.1 billion Semiconductor Equipment Limited has recently landed a 200 set of semiconductor extension equipment produced annually.
Large orders landed, new (2) Sapphire material January-August 2021: the company ' s Ningxia project module 1 is in place and we expect to sign $14 billion in 2022 to guarantee high performance.
In the area of carbon silicon, the Division has been steady, and has selected a variety of technical routes for simulation and validation. The most difficult thing to do is to see is to see the crystals, the company's clear thinking, the carbonated silicon layout is more concerned with the improvement of the rate, and the mid-point evaluation: the contractual liability & high inventory
• Profit forecasting and investment rating: photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, and the second curve is half.
3. Crystal Spill Power (300316): We maintain the company ' s net profit for 2021-2023 from the release of large silicon devices with the reagents to establish a joint venture with Hong Kong for the purchase of materials.
1. Performance forecast for supermarkets, high growth in photovoltaic long-crystal equipment, three quarters of company performance forecast for the first three quarters of the year to realize a combined net return profit of $10.7-180 million.
We have judged that sufficient orders drive companies to continue to grow around 2021q4 performance; the company anticipates a non-recurring gain or loss of approximately $57 million-$60 million in net profits for the first three quarters, deducting a non-repatriated net profit of $10.1-1120 million, and the same company, as the domestic leader of crystallized equipment, includes an absolutely high share of the entire market, except for Lungi.
One is that companies benefit from increasing profitability from scale effects, and net interest rates are expected to increase even further with leading managerial competencies; and the other is the ability to release high performance elasticity, which companies have been working to improve and optimize their supply chains in the past.
Theoretically, companies can quickly digest the orders they take and release production capacity into performance elasticity. Many times, from the point of view of hand orders, the company had not completed crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment by the end of 2021h1 because of the three-month production cycle of the highest photovoltaic order, and the three-to-five-month acceptance period after delivery.
At the current pace of confirmation of orders, we judge that hand orders will fully guarantee the high performance of the company in 2021-2022. Figure 2: Unfinished equipment orders will be the highest in history. 3. Photovoltaic silicon silicone links will expand, and long crystals will be reaped in the context of the renewal of the landscape.
The photovoltage silicon is similar to the semiconductor, the larger size of which is the way forward. Since 2019, silicone expansion projects have been launched in companies like Lungi, Central Ring, Crystals, Crystal Australia, and others. 210 silicon silicon penetration rates have been increasing.
The company’s photo-voltaic long crystal operation is about to harvest in the context of the renovation. The cost of the large silicon is depreciated over the fact that it is no longer in the first position, and silicon producers value the capacity of the equipment vendor more than the ability to deliver.
According to our calculations, the neutral assumption is that 21 crystallizer single-day shipments can be made six days a week for equipment enterprises with more than one glycerine, and that there is still room for improvement in delivery capacity; 2) service capacity, which takes a short period of time to put the crystallizer electrical equipment into operation and yield uphill when it arrives, and can stabilize production; 3) future research and development potential.
Companies have accumulated better customer resources, and have developed long-term deep-seated relationships with industry leaders. The main suppliers of single-crystal stoves in the country are crystallizer power, Tianlong light power, precision technology, Kyoto Express, etc.
The city's numbers are linked to Lungi, which works with Lungi deeply. With the exception of Lungi, where companies account for 90% of the market demand for monocrystals, the overall market is about 70-80%, the main supplier in the industry, and will benefit fully from a wave of silicon expansion.
4. The long-crystal technology conglomerates, a paper-based blueprint, based on the horizontal expansion of the three main areas of operation in the field of long-crystal technology to semiconductors, sapphires, carbonated silicon, all (1) semiconductor equipment: the company successfully developed its first 12-inch hard-axis, silicon monocrystal furnace in the country, which was successfully produced
12 inches of silicon monocrystals, with another breakthrough in 12 inches of semiconductor long-crystal equipment technology and processes; testing of long crystals, slices, polishing equipment is now available to the central ring leaders, and we expect to provide extended equipment tests by the end of the year. The company Zhejiang is semiconductor equipment, Ltd., recently landed a 200-pack of semiconductor extension equipment.
List of priority projects to be implemented by the Hangzhou municipality in 2021. The total investment in this project will be $1 billion, to be produced within six years, to achieve the production capacity of 200 semiconductor extension units per year. (2) Sapphire material: equipment for the first module of the company ' s Ningxia project is in place and we expect it to be complete by June 2022
Tons/month, total 400 tonnes/month in 2023; downstream consumer electronics and miniled are demand growth points, while the entire blue stone material lacks advanced capacity, so the company has reached a firm 400 tonnes/month lead position. (3) Carbonated silicon: the company has a steady fight in the area of carbonated silicon, and has chosen a variety of technical routes for simulation.
The most difficult thing to do at this point is to have a long crystal, clear corporate thinking, carbonated silicon layout that is more focused on good rates, high long-term competitiveness of products, rather than a radical expansion of production in the short term.
Photovoltaic devices are the first curve of crystals and the second curve of semiconductor large silicon devices, so we maintain the company ' s net profit of 17.14/2492/3506 million in 2021-2023, which corresponds to current stock price dynamics where downstream production progresses below market expectations and semiconductor operations progress below market expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board