Innovative Technologies and Business Services Research Centre
2. q4 Performance Increases, sic, sapphire Expectations 6th round $6.1 billion worth of orders landed, with sufficient assurance of next year ' s performance in hand orders 1) Corporate contract liabilities at the end of the second quarter amounted to $4 billion, an increase of 67% from the end of the first quarter. Inventory as at the end of the second quarter
With the final sum of $4 billion, the distribution of commodities as a share of the stock is 73%, and future performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate with the release of the goods, adding up to the order of $6.1 billion, totalling $17.6 billion for 2020.
4.6 times as well in Central Ring VI, with a total investment of about 11 billion yuan, of which the cost of equipment acquisition was 640 million yuan in hand orders, and the prospect of opening space in the fields of sic and sapphire semiconductors: 640 million yuan in company semiconductor equipment orders as of 2021, which is now basic.
8 inches of transistors crystallized to full processing coverage and delivered in volume and bulk; 12 inches of crystal silicon growth furnaces, grinding equipment, cut-off equipment, grinding equipment, edge polishing equipment have been certified by clients and have received good resonance, and 12 inches of single silicon growth furnaces and partial processing equipment have been sold in bulk.
Selling and other processing equipment is also gradually decreasing in the cost of sic in client certification and is expected to grow rapidly, driven by new energy engineering controls and photovoltaic reverse transformers. The Department plans to build medium-testing lines, gradually grind product quality, master of pure process and technology, and explore the right ones.
In the area of sapphire, the company has entered into a strategic collaboration with Ramsy Technologies, and the subsidiaries have successfully developed 700 kg-class sapphire crystals, which continue to push sapphire material down from the technology. The photovolt silicon silicon expansion is over-expected, with semiconductor equipment and sapphires gradually released, continuing to increase by 2021-23 years.
The net profit of the parent is 4/9.9 per cent, corresponding to 58/44/37 times. The “buy-in” rating is maintained. Downstream optical silicon expansion is not as good as expected, and semiconductor equipment is not being produced as expected.