NSG (002371.sz) Net profit increases by 90 per cent a quarter, and platform-type tap benefits are expanding faster huhui2@guosen.com.cn
qoq + 13.9%. The main reason for the increase in revenue is that the company’s share in the market for craft equipment, such as qoq + 13.9%, has risen steadily, and its profitability has increased significantly over the same period, owing to the corrosion, membrane sanity and other factors such as the accumulation, cleaning and stoves.
The increase in the size of the Division has been sustained, while the effect of the scale has gradually become apparent, with a steady decline in cost rates.s09805221001 Māori ratio of 38.0 per cent (yoy+0.34 pct) and electronic components yielding revenue of 2,433 million yuan (yoy-5.5 per cent).
The increase has been accompanied by significant results in the reduction of the same cost rate of efficiency gains, driving the company to carve equipment by nearly $6 billion, with a cumulative output of over 3,300. In 2023, the company collected corrosion equipment by almost $6 billion, and the multi-crystal silicon and metal corrosion series of icp devices were scaled up and completed.
The development and validation of multiple core processes, such as sequestering etching, fenced mask etching, which, by the end of 2023, accumulated over 3,200 cavities; the company broke through key technologies such as plasma generation and control in the ccp field, cavity design and simulations, low-temperature electrostatic disks, high-power plasma feed, etc.
By the end of 2023, several key processes in the fields of logic, storage, power semiconductors, etc., were covered. The company ' s tsv etching equipment has been widely used in the country ' s mainstream fab plant and pre-encumbrance plant, which is the home base of the country ' s tsv mass production line, with the city leading.
In 2023, the company achieved a thin "Norwegian (002371.sz) - accelerated replacement of national production equipment, with 1023 battalions receiving more than $6 billion in revenue from membrane sedimentation equipment, including copper interconnectivity, aluminium mats, metal masking, metal fences, etc.
Silicon pvd equipment became baseline equipment for multiple customers and was widely used in logic, storage, etc.
The full coverage of cvd process equipment, such as sedimentation, sedimentation of high-level constant Atomic layers, until the end of 2023, The North Volcano (002371.sz) - Nationally Generated East Wind of Semiconductor Equipment, 2022
Over 1,000 cavities accumulated; by the end of 2023 integrated circuits, power semiconductors, compounds semiconductors, etc.
In 2023, the company achieved a total revenue of more than $3 billion for stand-alone stoves and cleaning equipment, which consisted mainly of stand-alone oxidation/discharge.
The furnace, the multi-separated low-pressure chemical phase deposition equipment (lpcvd) and the multi-separated atomic layer deposition equipment (ald) achieves full coverage of the logical and storage process applications and accumulates more than 1,200 shipments of corporate cleaning equipment by the end of 2023.
Over the next four years, the company is expected to benefit even more from investment in 12 inches of crystal-crystal equipment. Semi released the Vision 2027 report of the 12-inch crystal factory, stating that China (other than Taiwan) will maintain $30 billion per year over the next four years, driven by government incentives and chip-based national production policies.
On the above scale, cumulative investment would amount to $120 billion, continuing to lead global crystal mill equipment spending, and companies are expected to benefit more from the expansion of production and replacement of national production through the platform’s advantages. The investment proposal is for domestic semiconductor equipment to grow to the eastward wind, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: Companies ' annual operating income and the same rate of increase, as described above: Figure 2: Companies ' quarterly operating income and the same rate of increase
Figure 3: Corporate annualized net profits and year-on-year rates of increase
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject