The year 2023 saw a year-on-year increase in performance, with a long-term increase in the power of platform-based advantage - a report from the incident review of the company Nord-Hong Kong (002371.sz) - A year-on-year report of 2023 and a quarterly report of 2024: 2023.
$3.899 billion, an increase of 65.73 per cent over the same period; realization of net profit from deductions, yousw@cfsc.com.cn, 2023, with historical highs and a scale effect driving profits up
In 2023, the company continued to focus on major business, deep-farm technology innovation, new orders, significantly increased production capacity, generated business income of $22.779 billion, performed high, and achieved three consecutive years of double profit growth and compound annual growth.
The high rate of growth in corporate performance was due mainly to: (1) the end of the harvest and the good development of the main business, which should be used for dozens of etchings, membrane deposition, cleaning and stove tubes in the area of integrated circuits.
Continued increase in the market recognition of core process equipment, significant increase in process coverage and market occupancy, and significant increase in product sales on an equal basis; 2) profit end, sustained push to reduce efficiency gains, increased diversification of supply chain security and volume of production
The level of payments has increased effectively, the scale effect has gradually become apparent, and the cost rate has declined steadily. Similarly, the large increase in orders and the income scale effect has resulted in a significant industrial advantage for q1 in 2024, with a steady expansion of semiconductor equipment.
The company, as a platform leader for semiconductor equipment, has a number of key technology breakthroughs in the field of semiconductor equipment, process coverage and city occupancy are increasing, and the product matrix is further refined. 1) Erosion equipment: 2023 company etching equipment
Nearly $6 billion in revenue. An icp breakthrough of 12 inches of technology, multiple silicon and metal etching series of icp devices were scaled up, icp accumulated over 3,200 cavities; ccp achieved more in the fields of logic, storage, power semiconductor, etc.
The coverage of a critical process, with a cumulative output exceeding 100 cavity; the company ' s 12 inches of tsv can significantly increase the carving rate to the level of international mainstream and should be widely used for domestic mainstream fab plants and advanced encapsulation plants, which are the backbone of the country ' s tsv mass production line.
Power stations, leading the city; dry deglution equipment widely accepted by clients, which became bulk sales. 2) film deposition equipment: in 2023, the company's film deposit was set to generate more than $6 billion in revenue. Pvd metalized logical chips and stored chips.
Full coverage of the process, the company has rolled out over 40 pvd devices, cumulatively exceeding 3,500 cavities: cvd key technology indicators have reached industry leadership levels and the company has now realized 30 excess cvd product volume applications, cumulatively exceeding 1,000 cavities; pi sets
In 2023, the company collected more than 3 billion yuan. In the area of the silicon, multi-crystal silicon, sic, gan, etc., the company achieved logic and storage.
In the area of cleaning, the company has achieved full coverage of the sink process while the high end single process has broken through, with a cumulative output of over 1,200.
Nationalized substitution continues to accelerate, crystal-crystal factory expansion is expected to increase, further global growth as technologies such as artificial intelligence, 5g communications, and access to the Internet, as well as the upgrading of downstream applications such as smart phones, pc, cars, etc.
The sale of integrated circuit equipment in mainland China amounted to $34.2 billion a year, up 8 per cent from the same year, and the global market share reached 30 per cent, a new high. Meanwhile, according to Semi data, with government incentives and chip national production policies, China’s government has been encouraged to increase its market share.
For the next four years, the continent will maintain its investment of more than $30 billion a year, and will continue to lead global spending on crystallized mill equipment. Based on its platform configuration, the company is expected to benefit from this expansion, thereby opening up a new cycle of growth.
As national production accelerates, and as production expansion is expected, the Division is expected to continue to benefit, covering it for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating for investment. The risk of increased competition in the market is that downstream crystal mills will not expand as much as expected.
▪ Electronic communication, mechanical group presentation Mao Jian: Master of Materials, three years of US semiconductor company experience, participation in the world
Leading semiconductor company advanced process project, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, held in Go Yonghau from 2018 to 2020: Dr. Physics, University of Gangdan, successively employed in China Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Lu Dzhoyang: Master ' s degree, National University of Australia, held in Fangzheng Securities, four years ' experience in research, 2023.
Zhang Shuu: B.A. in International Political Economics, University of Hayashida; Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023; Master of Arts, April 2023; Master of Arts, August 2023; Master of Arts, August 2023.
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The industry index shows an increase in the index of representative securities markets over the same period: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.