As a domestic high-end electronics equipment leader, the company is well-developed.
Business plates such as body equipment, vacuum and lithium power equipment, and precision electronic components. Thanks to a significant increase in the number of product orders, operating income continued to grow at a high rate. Companies collected $22,079 million throughout 2023, of which $19,611 million, representing an increase of 62.29 per cent, or 88.82 per cent, in electronics equipment.
Research assistant Zhang Wenyu, new equipment is well under way and platform-type taps are fully developed. \triangleright
Inches of breakthroughs in technology nodes, with multiple clients producing large volumes and becoming baseline equipment with cumulative output exceeding 3,200 cavities; ccp etching devices achieving multiple key processes in the fields of logic, storage, power semiconductor, 1. Nord Sakamoto (002371.sz) reporting in the three-quarters of 2023
Covered, cumulatively delivered over 100 cavities; tsv etching equipment has been widely used in mainstream domestic fab plants and first reviews: collection continues to increase, downstream warming + national production replacement benefits enter the wrapping plant, becoming the home base of the domestic tsv mass production line.
Performance 2023/10/31 In 2023, more than $6 billion was collected on film sedimentation equipment. The company, as a pioneer in the technology of the pvd process equipment, has rolled out more than 40 items of pvd equipment, which accumulated more than 3,500 cavities; and the cvd has achieved more than 30 items.
The production volume was used to provide technical support to more than 50 clients, with a cumulative output exceeding 1,000 cavities; the epi production-type equipment was issued over 20 dollars, with a cumulative output exceeding 1,000 cavities; and, with respect to stand-up stoves and cleaning equipment, the total revenue in 2023 was more than 3 billion yuan.
In addition, in 2023, the company accumulated more than 4,000 items of photovoltaic equipment, generating nearly $2 billion. Overall, the share of integrated circuit equipment business is increasing, making it the company’s main engine of growth.
\triangleright Good company has a leading position in the business and maintains a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.