Report 2023 & Quarterly 2024: q1 Performances Q1 Research Assistant Li Wen Yi
By +50 per cent, of which corrosion equipment earns nearly 6 billion yuan, membrane sediment equipment earns more than 6 billion yuan, billion yuan, electronic parts earn about 2.43 billion yuan, resulting in a net profit of 3.90 billion yuan for the mother, +66 per cent of the year, and inventory & contract liabilities grow steadily and orders are fully secured.
The Division applied dozens of processes in the field of high-end integrated circuit etching, thin film, cleaning and stove tubes to achieve technological breakthroughs and volume applications, with a significant increase in process coverage and market occupancy, with the company signing a new order of more than $30 billion in 2023, with more than 70 per cent in the area of integrated circuits.
(a) Erosion of equipment:
12 inches of logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., to achieve full coverage of silicon, metal, medium etching. 2) Framing sedimentation equipment: breaking through a number of nuclear techniques such as pvd, cvd and ald.
Nord China (002371): 2023 Mid-year Reporter's Pulse Station. 3) Stereo equipment: Medium Temperature oxidation/Refugeation furnaces, High Temperature oxidation/Release furnaces, Low Temperature Alloy furnaces, Low Pressure Chemical Gas Sediment furnaces, Bulk Atom Sediment furnaces have become domestic owners.
Assessment: Performance meets expectations, new stock of equipment for high-flow clients is signed and repeated orders are obtained on an ongoing basis. 4) Extension equipment: over 20 items of equipment covering the sic excavator, silicgan excavator, more than 6/8 inches of silicon excavator, etc.)
Cleaning equipment: The single scrubber covers the entire process of al/cu, which is an opt-out platform for the post-manufacturing process of mainstream domestic manufacturers; the slot scrubber has produced quantities on multiple clients and has been repeatedly ordered; the annual net profit is $9.2 billion, and the current market value is 31/23/19 times more than the current market value.
1. Performance continued to increase, with equipment multi-species roll-out of $22.08 billion, or +50 per cent, of the company ' s operating income in 2023, of which corrosion of equipment generated nearly $6 billion, and thin film.
Inventory/contractual liabilities have grown steadily and orders have been well secured. +19%. Companies have applied dozens of process equipment in the field of high-end integrated circuit etching, thin film, cleaning and stove tubes to achieve technological breakthroughs and volume applications, process coverage and market occupancy have increased significantly, with new company orders in 2023.
More than $30 billion, of which 70 per cent is in the area of integrated circuits. 4. Local semiconductor platform companies will replace the wave in the long term for beneficiary countries. 1) Erosion equipment: for customers such as 12 inches logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation, etc., to achieve silicon, metal, media
Mass etching process with full coverage. 2) film deposition equipment: breaking through a number of core technologies such as pvd, cvd and ald. 20 products such as copper interconnection film deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc. became the preferred table of the mainstream chip factory in the country. 3) Tiler equipment: medium temperature oxidation/firers, high temperature oxidation/firers, low-temperature alloy furnaces, low-pressure chemical gas phase deposition furnaces, lotted originals.
Subsurface sediment furnaces have become a quantity-producing equipment for mainstream domestic customers and are continuously receiving duplicate orders. 4) Outgoing equipment: cover sic extenuator, silicigan extenuator, 6/8 inch multiple silicon extenuator, etc.) with over 20 items of production equipment. 5) Cleaning equipment: single scrubber covers all the process of al/cu, which is the preferred platform for the commercial back-tracking of mainstream domestic plants;
Quantities are produced on multiple clients and repeated orders are obtained. 5. Profit forecasting and investment ratings.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the North, the East Wu Securities Company, Inc., have been accredited to portfolio investment advisory operations with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.