I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to do it, and I'm going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one who's going to be the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, Targetprice wascentlyheldanndrwithnauratechnology'smanagementandwe up/downside
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, either.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(us$47.5bn) inchina. nauraiscurrentlyourfavouriteunderthesemi lilyyang, ph.d localizetheme.reiterbuyingfororura (002371ch), withan
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it, and you're going to be the one who's going to do it.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
I mean, look forward, naurawilllikelymaintaintrobustgraughtoncapex expansionfromclientsdandaccelerated semilocalizetrend.key.
Driversfrevenuecoudtromorderwinsinccp, cvdandcleanser shareperformance products. thecompanydisclosedthatnewerssignedin2023were
I don't know if it's a good idea, but it's not a good idea, but it's a good idea.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
12-mthpriceperformance largerrevenuecontributionfrommoreadvandequipment.this accretiveimpactonnetprofitwasoffsetbyaighherprojectforr &d
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm not going to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
Towardsledchinesesemifoundries, Suchassmic (688951ch) andhuahongsemi (1347hk).additionally, thefundsupporteotherpartsofthesemiecosystem, sochas specializedsandequipment, playing thegroundworkforamoreself-sufficientsemidustry.
Accordingtoijiwei'sanalysis, 67% ofthefundwasinvestedinicmanufacturing, 17% in chipdesign, 10% inpacking, and 6%inquipmentandmatials.bigfundiiwaslaunchedin2019, significantextpandingssscopandfincianflelexiability
I'm not sure you're the only one, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy, who's the one who's the one who's the guy, who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy, who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy, who's the one who's the one who's the guy, who's the one who's the guy, who's got the one who's the guy, who's got the one who's got the one.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's going to do it, but you're going to have to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(b) analystcertification theresearcanalywhoiprimariryresponsibleforthecontentothesisresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certivesthatitect to the secritiesorisseser that theanalystcoveridhimsreport (1):alloftheviewsexpressedacuatelyrefletechorherpersonviewaboutthesubjectsecritiesorissuesauer; and (2)
No partifhisorhercompensationwas, is, orwillbe, directlydirected by the Hongkongsecritiesandfutures committee) (1) hasdealtinortradinethestock(s)coveredhisresearchreport
3Businessday after thedateofissuesueofthisreport; 3rd serveasan officeofofof the Konglistedcompaniescoveredinthisreport; and 4 (4) hasannyfinalinterestsinthehongkonglistedcompaniescompetenthisreportsreport. & bigmatings
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform cm internationalglobalmarketslimited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oritsaffiliate(s) towhomitisdistried.thisreportisnotandsouldnotbeconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecurityornyinterestin securitiesorierintonytransactions.neithmignoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholds, agents, consuls, directors, officersoremployeshalbe lableforanyls, damageorexpensewhatsoever, whethretorconfential, incurredinrelyintinedinementist.anyone
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's industrious. Asaresult, recipientsssoouldbeithatt & bigmmayhaveaconclifictofinterestatcoldaffect theobjectivityofthisreport and & bigmwillnotatassemonyspresibilizationspeculateotherof.thisreportisfortheuseofuseofofintendciedcientsonlyandthispublication, maynotbe reduced, reprinted, sold, rededitiousorpubliedinwholeorinpartforanypurposewofoutpriorwrittenconsentof and bigm.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) archerosfallahingwithinarticle 49(a)to(d)("highnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations,
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Idendedforistritionintheunisolelyto "majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedinture15a-6undertheus, securitiesexhangeactof 1934, asamended, andmaynotbefurnishedtoanotherpersonsintheunidatestates.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestorvesivescopofthistireport byatsacceptanceherhereofrepresentsandagreathatitshotnottyrestiorprovidethistoantootherotherson.anyu.s.recipimentofthithisitoportworldviewactions.
effectanytransactiontobuyorsellsecuritiesbagontheinformationprovidedinthysportoulddosoonlythroughau.s.-registeredbroker-dealer.forcipientsofthisdocumentindicatingapore thisreportistribuddinginsaporebycmbi(singapore)pte.mited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173128d), anexemptfinancialadvisersdefined
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
I don't know, and certainsact (cap.289) ofsingapore, and bisgacceptslegalressionforthecontentsotheporttosuchpersonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.