The Great Fund was founded in three years, and the plate was valued up to the point where it's a very good dragon.
China's semiconductor fund was set up in three phases, the sum of the first two, and we expect that the capital fund will invest in high-end products, equipment, and materials in the semiconductor sector in order to further strengthen the voice of China's indigenous semiconductor industry.
In the short term, the plate has won the market. In the future, the company, as a domestic equipment platform, has accumulated in semiconductor equipment such as corrosion, sedimentation, thermal treatment, cleaning, etc., while carrying the burden of national production.
Three major funds were set up to boost industrial confidence: on 24 May, three major national funds were inaugurated, with a registered capital of $344 billion, slightly higher than the sum of the first and second tranches. In terms of investment direction, we expect that the three major funds will focus further on the high in semiconductor areas.
In terms of shareholder structure (figure 1), the Ministry of Finance, the State invests, invests, invests in capital, Shanghai flourishes, deep-seated, and many banks, including the four main lines.
Shareholders have a very strong background. In terms of their impact, we believe that the creation of three major funds will boost confidence in semiconductor plates, and, from past experience, a relatively large one-month period after the establishment of one and two is a positive gain. Of these, two are particularly visible (table 1).
With domestic poles, multiple products having an advantage in the area of segmentation, we believe that the upgrading of the domestic semiconductor industry will benefit the firm’s share price. 1q24 net profit increases faster and R & D intensity increases: 1q24 achieves $5.86 billion in revenues
At the same time, 1024 companies had a combined Māori rate of 43.4%, an increase of 2.2 percentage points over the same period the previous year, driving the net profit to history.
Newly high. In terms of R & D costs, R & D costs for 1q24 are 72 million, with a 97 per cent increase in yoy, and profitability projections: in the long run, it is expected that semiconductor manufacturing end-products will continue to expand in mainland China, and companies, as leaders in the domestic area of equipment, will be in the lead domestically in a number of areas of disaggregation.
Double and 19 times, with a buy-in rating.
Green to run, red to win. May 28th, 2024.