The net profit from the 24q1 crop, the return to the mother, was at a new high during the same period, with the equipment leading up, beneficiary production replacing the big trend, and the performance forecast for the 2023 performance report for the North (002371) & 24q1
Event: The company released its 2023 performance report and its first quarterly performance forecast for 2024.
The ring ratio declined by 6.45%. During the reporting period, the company’s main business was well developed and applied to the field of integrated circuit etchings, film deposition, cleaning and stove tubes, etc.
The company’s net profit from the company’s q1 harvest and return to the mother is at an all-time high. The company’s performance forecast of billions of dollars is at an all-time high. During the reporting period, the company continued to focus on its main business, studying the needs of its clients, deepening its technology research and development, and increasing its core competitiveness.
The market share of craft equipment, such as corrosion, film deposition, cleaning, and stoves, has risen steadily, with revenues growing steadily and steadily. As the size of the company has continued to expand, the effect of scale has gradually become apparent, and the cost of production has steadily declined, allowing the net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies to continue to grow on a year-on-year basis.
Investment proposals: As a leading enterprise in the field of semiconductor equipment in the country, the company has a comprehensive layout of semiconductor equipment, covering a wide range of areas such as integrated circuits, panels, photovoltaics, lithium, etc., and is expected to benefit from the semiconductor industry reversion and large trends in the national production of semiconductor equipment.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.