The impact of the iii platform for electronic semiconductor equipment in the North was highlighted and the long-term growth momentum was strong
Each year, companies consistently increase their R & D inputs, the quality of their products has steadily improved, generating business revenues of $22.779 billion, creating companies have continued to increase their product competitiveness, income size has increased significantly, and companies have signed new orders of over $30 billion in 2023.
The same rate is lower, resulting in an increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies. The company ' s revenue of 2,024q1 was 5,859 million yuan, an increase of 51.36 per cent over the same year. The main reason for this is the company ' s continued focus on the main business, its intensive research on the needs of clients, its deepening of technology research and development, and its continuous upgrading of core competitiveness, which is applied to the etchings and films of integrated circuits.
The market share of equipment such as sedimentation, cleaning and stoves has risen steadily in the north. 2024q1 has achieved net return profits of $1.127 billion, an increase of 90.40 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the continued expansion of the company ' s revenue base and the simultaneous effectiveness of the scale.
There should be a steady decline in cost rates. Net cash flow from the operations of the 2024q1 company was $260 million a year-on-year increase of 139.31 per cent, mainly due to a significant increase in company orders and operating income, close to $6 billion in sales of corrosion equipment in 2023, and a cumulative output of icp corrosion equipment exceeding 3,200 cavities.
To be used to remove material from a given area to form a tiny structure and pattern. As the expansion of integrated circuits continues to decrease and the 3d integrated circuits develop, the position of corrosion equipment in the integrated circuit equipment market becomes more important and has leapfroged into the type of equipment with the largest acquisition of integrated circuits. In 2023, the company earned nearly $6 billion in corrosion equipment.
The company ' s multi-crystal silicon and metal etching series of icp devices have been scaled up, the development and validation of multi-channel core processes such as silo isolation, fencing, top mask etching have been completed, enabling the country ' s mainstream customers to access technology and have reached several Sun Peaks.
By the end of 2023, the icp etching device in the north had accumulated over 3,200 cavities. (2) ccp: ccp: ccp etching device in the field of integrated circuits in the north achieved Wang Haivi
Many key process coverages in the fields of logic, storage, power semiconductor, etc., provide stable, efficient production security for mainstream domestic customers, and win their trust and recognition. By the end of 2023, ccp etching devices in the North had accumulated over 100 cavities. (3) Tsv: 12 inches of tsv etching devices introduced by the North.
Rapid gas and radio frequency switching control systems, combined with an excellent process formulation structure, in the depths of depths compared to silicon perforation.
Single-saturated future e-portfolios + electronics + northern Chinese have significantly increased the etching rate to the level of the international mainstream. The North’s Tsv etching equipment is now widely used in the country’s mainstream fab and advanced sealing plants, which are the backbone of the country’s tsv mass production line, leading the market.
Q3 continues its growth trend, with four major solutions (4) Plasma degression: Quest designed autonomously with deep experience in plasma source development and application development; Case support for advanced containment industries to fly away - Joaquin securities plus electronics+
Low-damage plasma sources overcome the technical difficulties of degluting o2, h2, nh3, earning more than $6 billion in high-dose ions, and pvd accumulated more than 3,500 cavities in 2023.
The role to be played is to generate more than $6 billion in 2023 from the company ' s film deposition equipment. (1) pvd: The North’s first-ever invention has achieved full coverage of logical chips and storage chip metalization up to the end of a number of core techniques, such as design of magnetic control sources, plasma generation and control, cavity design and simulation, particle control, and soft control.
At the end of 2023, in the area of integrated circuits, processes such as copper interconnection, aluminium mats, metal masks, metal fences, silicons, etc.
By the end of 2023, the company had introduced more than 40 pvd devices, which accumulated more than 3.500 cavds. (2) cvd: The North has developed a wide range of products from dcvd and mcvd based on more than a decade of technology in sedimentation processes.
The technical requirements have been met with technical difficulties such as uniform control of the gas system, precise pressure balance, dual-frequency-driven capacitation plasma control, multi-station radio frequency power equal control, and the full coverage of process equipment such as metal silicone, metal fences, tungsten plugs, sedimentation, high-resolution constant atom layer deposition, and key technical indicators have been met by industry leaders.
By the end of 2023, North China had achieved more than 30 cvd product volume applications, providing technical support to more than 50 clients, with a cumulative output exceeding 1,000.
By the end of 2023, North Fanghua had released more than 20 volume-type extension equipment with a cumulative output exceeding 1.000 cavity.
Inch pressure silicon extension equipment that achieves full coverage of logical chips, storage chips, power devices, and specialty processes, and which have all been produced successfully, becomes a customer’s baseline product. The investment proposal is that, given the current semiconductor downstream recovery process, we adjust our expectations for the company’s original performance.
Semiconductor equipment enterprises, with a growing array of products, have ample hand orders and long-term growth incentives. Keeping “buying round plant capacity at a slower pace than expected, systemic risks, etc.