Resource and Environmental Research Center cyclical + growth logic on a continuous basis 12,000roe (belonging to parent company) (contribution)
On April 27, 22, the company published a 21-year quarterly report. q1 achieved 13,212 million yuan, or +105.7 per cent, and a net return profit of 1,206 million yuan, or +84.4 per cent.
This increase is mainly due to the high price of cobalt. The average price of 22q1m of cobalt is $36/lb, compared to 67%, ring value + 20%, lme copper averaged $10 million/t, compared to 18%, ring price + 3%. Also, from August 21, Bamo contributed to the profit of q1 for the same year.
The nickel plate is expected to reach production at the end of June, and the Waco project is expected to complete production in the second half of June, contributing to increased resource end performance.
“Logical Recompilation of the Chinese-American Cobalt Industry — Lithium Power Integration and the Continuous Emission of Positive Materials, which complements profitability, and the cyclical + growth logic continues to be realized.” The maximum incentive is provided by the employee holding scheme & restricted stocks.
q4 Performance Overexpected, Integration Continues - On April 26, the company issued a restrictive equity incentive scheme that will award 1,176 million shares to 1,412 personnel 4. q2 Performance Increases, Ex-Drigger Exploitation - Happiness
* On the same date, the company issued a draft employee holding plan with no more than 287 participants, with no more than 443 million yuan in initial fund-raising funds and no more than six months from the secondary market after consideration by the shareholders' general meeting.
The Lithium Energy Investment Management Centre of the Guangxi era has a partnership share of 49.47%. Lithium in the Guangxi era was set up to buy a share of the corresponding industry fund, which is invested mainly around new energy sources.
This participation is in line with the firm’s firm’s determination to place the new energy lithium electricity industry at the centre of its development and will facilitate further upgrading of the company’s transition to new energy lithium electricity.
Niwenyi@qizq.com.cn New energy demand is lower than expected, copper and cobalt nickel prices fall, currency exchange risks and projects are not as fast as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment