Resource and Environmental Research Centre 12,000roe (belonging to parent company) (spent) Nickel Cobalt Project with 120,000 tons of metallic hydroxide Cobalt Wet and Guangxihua Friends with 50,000 tons of battery-grade lithium per year
Another 1.12 million tons of wet technology mhp were landed, and low-cost nickel continued to contribute to the growth of production capacity in 22-24. The Huasan Cobalt Project continued the model of the previous China Flying Project, located at the Wedabay Park in Aoyama, where the company works with the Qingshan Group.
The project product is mhp, containing 120,000 tons of nickel metal and 15,000 tons of cobalt metal. The project is planned for a three-year construction cycle, and we believe it takes into account the success of the previous China-China project.
“Climate Cycle + Lithium discharge, high profit continuity — an actual production cycle or shorter than planned”.
Indonesia’s nickel project has an equity counterpart of about 4/9/12 million tons of metal. In addition, the wet project’s fire-fighting project is expected to be 4. q4 performance is over-expected, integration continues to advance – China has a significant cost advantage, and low-cost nickel will continue to contribute to the increase in production capacity.
The new layout of lithium salt production, the good layout of the nickel-cobalt lithium version, and the three-dollar integration logic continue to be realized. q2 performance has increased, and ex-drives have accelerated - Happiness transfers 10% of prospective lithium mine equity to Timgo.
After the project is completed, the original mine will be disposed of on a scale of 15,000 tonnes/day, corresponding to 50,000 tonnes of annual capacity, and will be built over a period of one year.
The company plans to build lithium salt production capacity through the Guangxihua Friends Lithium industry, which will result in a new battery-grade lithium carbonate production capacity of 28,000 tonnes/year, and a battery-grade lithium hydroxide production capacity of 25,000 tonnes/year.
Niwenyi@gjzq.com.cn New energy demand is lower than expected, copper and cobalt nickel prices fall, currency exchange risks and projects are not as fast as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment