The next city in which nickel resources are laid, the lead in the integration of lithium electric materials can be released on 11 May 2022, and the event is summarized as follows: On May 10, China's Omnibus Cobalt Industry announced a $74.7 million proposal.
\triangleright subscribes to a transferable debt equivalent to 10% of Hln’s equity. Hln will buy 95.3% of Jpi’s equity and 100% of Jim’s equity, with a total transaction value of $747 million.
The company will provide financial support of $18.64 million, at an annual interest rate of 6.76 per cent. Analysis and diagnosis: participation in a high-quality nickel mine, and placement of nickel resources into the next city.
The division will acquire 95.3 per cent of Jpi's shares, while jpi owns 51 per cent of the scm nickel mine, which is superior in its geographical location and has a larger resource: (1) geographic advantage: the former owner of the mine is Ligato, the mine is located about 70 km west of the Morovally Industrial Park, close to the company's Waoyewet method project, and the mine will have an area of 2.11 million yuan.
• (2) The size of the resource is high: 904 million dry tons of lignite mineral resources, 1.1 per cent of nickel grade and 0.10 per cent of cobalt grade, and an additional 272 million dry tons of corrosion mineral resources, 1.59 per cent of nickel grade and 0.035 per cent of cobalt grade, on the basis of which we calculate that the mine has a combined nickel resource of 1,445 million tons and a cobalt resource of 1 million tons.
The location of the industrial park in Indonesia is constantly improving, and the integration map is extended.
As part of the integration strategy, which had already brought considerable benefits to the company, this participation will be extended to Indonesia Park. (1) According to the company's annual report, the company's previous Indonesian company, iwip supply participation, was owned by Wiston and held 24 per cent of the shares. (2) In addition to the nickel mine, the jpi company holds the share.
Csi smelters have 49 per cent shares and bsi smelters have 29.4 per cent shares. Jim holds 98.3 per cent shares in the cei hydroelectric plant and 32 per cent shares in the ikip industrial park, and the company’s park layout is constantly improving. \triangleright
1. An event review of the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh): Increased nickel resources are largely dependent on the Aoyama Group, and the company ' s nickel resources are mainly configured to include new and technological penetration holdings, working with the fresh water valley, with a perfect combination of technology and resources.
The Ulata Bay nickel industry. (2) As a result of this acquisition, the company acquired high-quality red-earth nickel resources in Indonesia, and the company increased the number of incidents in the Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh): 740,000 tons in incentives for nickel equity resources and 50,000 tons in cobalt resources.
The plan is deeply tied and the resource + lithium power material layouts are recoded, and the future company's mining sources will come from multiple channels such as the marketed mines, the Green Mountain Group, and the fresh water valley.
The company now has an event review in Indonesia on the Chinese-American Cobalt industry (603799.sh).
Five smelting projects, with a total planned future capacity of 465,000 tonnes/year of nickel metal, will provide a strong guarantee for future pre-emissions, combined with the powerful and powerful of Aoyama, for the global integration of lithium electric materials: (1) the 60,000-ton wet process project (57 per cent): pre-arrival in April 22; (2) China
KO450,000 Fireworks Project (70%): in April 2222, electric stoves were set on fire in advance; (iii) 120,000 tons fly, 5. 5 000 tons Chinese-friend cobalt industry: performance exceeded expectations, 1
Tonne project (Announced March 22); (5) Hua-Yo-Full Valley project (Announced April 22); investment proposal: corporate upstream resource layout is perfect and downstream lithium power expansion is on track and is expected to quickly release
\triangleright, tied to the depth of international resources and car giants, growth is certain and the moat is deep. \triangleright we expect \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.