Incentives are in depth and the resource + lithium electrical material layout is coded. 29/04/04 2022 Summary of events: (1) On April 27, the company released a draft incentive for employee ownership and equity: in which the employee holds
\triangleright Foreign Investment Proclamation, intended to buy 45% of the share of the Guangxi Lithium electricity for $597 million, and to subscribe to the share of the new partnership at $1.135 billion. (3) The company announcement was signed with Indonesia in the fresh water valley on 29 April.
As a framework agreement to cooperate in the development of Indonesia’s nickel resources, the project plans to produce a mhp product with a capacity of 120,000 tons of gold. Analysis and diagnosis: Stakeholder + Equity Incentives combine with deep bindings to highlight the company’s future confidence.
Billions, seven billion, with firm ' s future performance being well-established and its path becoming clearer; (2) the scope of employee and equity incentives, from the participation of the workforce, includes the company ' s senior directors and core technical staff, with 287 and 1412, respectively, with wider coverage; and (3) in form, equity incentives are reduced in proportion each year.
With Qiuzu ' s school limits and a tax to be paid at the same time, an increase in the number of employee holding scheme packages allows for a deep binding of core staff.
Tons of lithium electricity, new energy materials integrated industrial base project, layout from refining, chemical industry to materials integrated industry chain, with a total investment of about 130 billion dollars, with a planned annual production of 700,000 tons of positive materials, 500,000 tons of phosphate, 100,000 tons of copper and 30,000 tons of cobalt-acid lithium.
The investment project, which is expected to become the world's largest manufacturing base for lithium electric materials, will be completed. (2) The target of an extreme material + 1 million tons of lithium phosphate + 1 million tons of pre-drives is further reinforced by the company's “10 years, 1. Chinese-American cobalt industry (603799.sh) report 2021:
History is better off with a report card, integration advantages, five years of completion of the strategy, and the company's future growth path is becoming clearer. (3) In terms of the remaining potential projects, the Chinese friend cobalt industry (603799.sh) event is being evaluated:
Together, Qingshan and Qingshan, the world’s lithium electric materials are being integrated, and thousands of tons of lithium-electric positives are being invested in a total of $32.59 billion yuan, which is currently under construction.
Together with the fresh water valley, the best combination of resources and technologies.
Wet processes, technologies and configurations for the production of high-pressure acid leachation projects with an annual capacity of 120,000 tons of nickel and metals 4. Cobalt industry (603799)
The division plans to sell 100% of the mhp products, and if the freshwater valley shares, they will be sold at a share rate in the future.
The Chinese-American Cobalt Industry (603799) announces that the q4 profits continue to increase significantly with the construction and construction capacity of a total of 225,000 tonnes of “6+4.5+12” for the current nickel project in the Copper Plus Forward Drive Division.
Joint venture projects and the current layout, with future nickel production expected to reach 465,000 tons, and nickel resources expected to be self-sustaining. Investment proposal: company upstream resources well-placed, downstream lithium expansion is expected to go fast \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
We maintain \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and are responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.