The turning point for the linen business will be, and the steambone head will sail again, and the glass for the global car will open up a new growth space for the aluminium apparel business.
The glass is the global engine of car glass, which is integrated into the aluminium bar business through vertical integration of the industrial chain. The new energy fleet is expected to lead to an overall increase in the penetration rate of aluminium bars, which is expected to reach 26% in 2025, or more than 22 billion in market space.
Cost advantages build the core competitiveness of aluminum bars. We expect the company to start a global arrangement for the acquisition of German sam for Xiaoglass in 2021-2023, and the vertical integration of the industrial chain.
In 2019, Germany sam was acquired, a global layout was launched, with major products such as top-of-the-car rails, aluminum strips, etc., and clients are dominated by the Euro-American system. Its autonomous Aluminium coating protection aluceram process is a global leader, and it is currently the only Audi and the most popular.
Requirements for recognized plating techniques. Status of the market for aluminum bars: the medium- and high-end German model is more applied and the penetration rate is expected to increase. At present, solar and middle-end joint ventures typically use stainless steel bars, while aluminum bars are already largely covered.
New-energy cars and German-based high-end cars. According to our calculations, BMW bars in German-style cars have a high penetration rate of 94.95%, and in Audi 88.27%; in new-energy cars, Tesla has now applied aluminium bars to flag-leaving models/x/y, and Biadi cars have also applied aluminium bars to the coloured Tang series.
The overall penetration rate of aluminium bars is expected to increase. Aluminium bars are competitive: technical barriers are high, technology and cost advantages are core competitiveness; technical barriers to car aluminium production processes are high, and global players include, among others, the Sensitivity Group, Kyoto shares, etc.
Dura, Germany, sam. When the glass is purchased for Sam, it is expected to create core competitiveness through technology and cost advantages.
Launched in 2015 with a global layout through the acquisition of German sam. The company entered the auto aluminium apparel business in 2015 and achieved upstream aluminium through the integration of the Tribune group and the formation of a multi-lobour aluminum industry.
Insilence to lower-silver semi-finished whole-industry chain layouts. In 2019, German sam was acquired to launch a global figure 1: Fulfilled glass, which in recent years has been one of the most important developments in the future of Fulfilled Glass, mainly with the integration of external components into glass and their independence.
The external apparel is two types of product. The external apparel assembly glass binds the car's glass into a variety of materials. It consists of a total product of glass that is then integrated into external apparel such as stainless steel or aluminum alloy glitters, which reaches the flow of the car's lines and the customer's need for a look, stand-alone high-light external apparel, which is made of a single or double-coloured coating.
For decoration of a/b/c/d column to achieve the cap effect of a suspended vehicle, or to provide direction for glass lift. Figure 2: Forgolized glass products such as pmma, aluminium alloys and stainless steel bars, figure 3: Forgol glass stand-alone high-light coating products used for decoration of a/b/c/d column
The products of the sam company are car top rails, aluminum bars, etc., and the client is more resourceful. The main products of the German sam company are car top rails, aluminum bars, etc. There are factory layouts in three countries, Germany, Mexico, Slovakia, and the major clients are Audi, the public, BMW, etc.
Figure 4: German sam ' s main product is the top track and aluminum sam, which is still in the consolidation period after its acquisition, with a loss in performance but a decrease in the ring ratio, projected for 2021
2. Current status of the market for aluminum bars: German models are more applied, and penetration rates are expected to increase by 2.1. Aluminium bars have largely covered German upper-end models. Autobates are important accessories, mainly for whole-of-the-car upscaling or partially auxiliary vehicle structures.
In terms of type and function, car adornments are installed mainly on the edges of the car window, as decorative and wind-shielding, and some car adornments are also installed in positions such as pedals and baggage racks, as an auxiliary function. From the material, except for some medium- and low-end vehicles, the rest of the car adornants are used mainly in aluminium alloys and
Aluminium bars, which cover essentially the upper-end vehicles of the German family, are gradually being infiltrated into new-energy vehicles. To date, the Chinese and Chinese joint-ventures have used stainless steel bars, and most of the German high-end vehicles have already been aluminium in BMW and Audi.
We've measured the penetration rate of aluminium bars in BMW models as high as 94.95% and in Audi 88.27%. And in recent years, the public, Biadi, etc., have started to configure aluminium bars as an optional high-end vehicle body, and Tesla has now applied the aluminium bars to the flag drop-off moders/x/y, which has been phased out as new energy cars.
Aluminium bars are expected to become more permeable. Most medium- and high-end cars have incorporated aluminium bars into the standard assembly, using stainless steel bars in low-end or medium-end low-matching models.
The vast majority of the cars on board choose to be equipped with aluminium bars, with a greater choice of stainless steel bars for vehicles with an average cost of less than 300,000.
The number of cars currently using aluminium bars is more than half as high-end vehicles in the German family, which is represented by bba. In new energy cars, Tesla has now applied aluminium bars to the flag, in the drop-off moders/x/y, and in the Biadi bus series Tang as a standard configuration.
According to the previous statistics, the vast majority of cars with an average cost of 300,000 or more car types have chosen to be equipped with aluminium bars.
The annual Aluminium Decoration penetration rate is about 11%, combined with sales of cars with a sales price of more than 300,000/below, and we believe that its ISR consultancy is expected to have an Aluminium Decoration penetration rate of 26% in 2025. We assume a single-car value range of 3 and the Aluminium Decoration competition pattern: the technical barriers to oxidation are higher and the number of participants is relatively small.
Aluminium beading process has a high technical barrier and a relatively low number of participants. In the aluminium bead production process, the arithmetic formulation and reprocessing are two core steps in which the arithmetic post-reprocessing is more demanding for the technology process. Aluminium beading process refers mainly to surface treatment, where the technical maturity of the apogee oxide technology has a greater impact on product excellence, and where technical barriers are relatively different.
Stainless steel bars are relatively high, with relatively few participants. The major players around the world are the Sensitivity Group, the Kyoto Stock Exchange, the United States of America, Dura, Germany, Sam. (1) The Sensitization Group: now has more than 50 factories in nine countries, and products are sold to more than 30 countries.
In 2020, for the first time, the Sensu Group acquired Tesla aluminum bars and became the market for Modery. (2) Kyoto shares: there are currently factory layouts in Germany and the country, and its main products include car doors/sides.
Aluminium alloys, such as the sum of the frame/beam decorations and the triangular window decorations. Clients are predominantly home-based car factories, covering BMW, Beijing Mercedes, Biadi, a single-gas public, etc. (3) United States dura: 26 factories are currently operating in 12 countries, the main products of which are mechanical and electrical integration.
Control systems, lightweight structural body systems, and external decorations have been applied to more than 300 models of machinery and electronics. Clients are mainly American and European. Dura applied for bankruptcy in October 2019. (4) German sam: currently in three countries, Germany, Mexico, Slovakia, have plant layouts, the main one.
The main clients are Audi, the general public, BMW, etc., medium- and high-end brands. The glass was bought in March 2019. The glass: technology and cost advantages are core competitiveness.
4.1. Aluminium arithmetic surface treatment process at Sam Company is a leading global process, with clear technical advantages. Aluminium arithmetic formulation and reprocessing are the two main core steps in the aluminium arithmetic production process, where post-aime treatment is more difficult and technical processes are more demanding.
Aluminium remobilization processes are mainly surface treatments, which have a greater impact on product goodness, and the Aluminium coating surface protection process is leading worldwide. Aluminium alloys can form a natural al2o3 protective membranes in the air, but are not so dense that they are resistant to corrosion, hardness and grinding.
In order to enhance its corrosion resistance and grindability, aluminium arithmetic surface treatment is usually based on traditional arctic oxidation processes, which include processes such as lipid removal, electrical polishing, lighting, solar auroral oxidation, but there are still some common defects, such as scratching and corrosion of external forces, corrosion of alkaline solutions, and exposure to thermal cracks.
Figure 11: The coating protection aluceram process, developed independently by the German company sam, is a global leader, and is currently the only plating technology that has the highest demand from Audi and the public. Aluceram is an alumina component that is oxidized with the anode.
In addition to its absolute resistance to ultraviolet radiation, the smart protection system on the post-glow surface prevents the corrosion of the ph-1-ph13.5 solution, which is currently the only plating system recognized by Audi and the general public. The technology is now also being used by a growing number of high-end oem manufacturers to protect aluminium decorative components.
Technical synergies are expected to strengthen the technical barriers to the glazing glass bar operation. Figure 12: The aluceram process under the alkaline solution is significantly more protective than the traditional arctic oxidation process 4.2. Leisure management is expected to replicate the vertical integration of the industrial chain.
Lean management has been relatively stable since the beginning, and the Māori industry has been leading. The Gyoglass has maintained its leanness, management, marketing/management/fiscal cost rates have remained relatively stable since 2017. With respect to Māori, companies have gone through vertically integrated industrial chains, and the Māori rate of the bovine business is significantly higher than that of their competitors, reflecting the company’s excellence.
Previously, Sam was bankrupt for reasons such as business administration, and it is expected that the glass will be followed by a lean management model that will be applied to Sam’s company to enhance its competitiveness. Aluminium bars will be vertically integrated, and the reduction efficiency will be expected to be replicated.
It seems that, in the area of the adornment business, Fukushita glass acquires tributary tributaries, mounds, acrylic aluminium with layouts from upstream aluminium to final acrylic products, vertical integration of the aluminium industry chain, and the ability of the alumina industry to replicate the efficiency gains of the bovine business is expected to have a more obvious cost and price advantage.
4.3 The potential co-benefits of the aggregate product supply with the car industry can be enhanced by the total class of products for the glossy glass, which has a high degree of overlap with potential customers in the apparel business.
One of these, the triangulation bars, is integrated into the glass mix, prior to which it is necessary to purchase the acetylene from the outside before it is integrated with the carbs, and it is expected that in the future, through an integrated vertical industrial chain, it will be possible to achieve self-sufficiency from upstream aluminum to the mold to the end-of-the-art product, increase product synergies, eventually provide customers directly with the related class products, and to single-carasp.
For the entire factory, the supplier ' s production capacity, product quality, price, supply stability are the main consideration (1) the production capacity aspect: the company currently has a layout of the aluminium line at home and abroad, and with the new line of production going into the continuous slopes of use and capacity utilization, it is expected that the glazing line operation will meet the requirements of the large whole factory.
In terms of product quality: the diversity of colours is one of the advantages of the more stainless steel bars, in the arctic process of oxidation, the different processes can lead to different colors in the finished product, in pursuit of colour consistency, the whole vehicle.
The plant prefers to buy a total class of products in bulk from the same supplier. The glazing glass creates synergies in the layout of the product at the end of the class (glass and aluminium bars) and can better avoid the quality generated by the color difference (3). On the one hand, the smooth management of the glazing glass is relatively stable and costs are relatively stable.
Cost control is excellent; on the other hand, glazing glass is integrated vertically through the industrial chain, with cost advantages and is expected to have more flexible adjustment space in product prices than other competitors. (4) Supply stability: glazing is focused on car glass for more than 30 years, accumulated in the auto parts industry
A great deal of experience, better management capacity, and vertical integration of the chain in the aluminium industry have been completed, connecting the entire process from upstream raw materials to downstream production sectors, with supply stability expected to outperform the business model for the procurement of semi-finished products.
The glass is the global engine of car glass, which was launched in 2015 with the acquisition of the Trinity Group and the formation of a multi-platinum aluminium with a full-industry chain layout from upstream aluminum to downstream final accoutrements. Purchased in 2019.
In Germany, sam, a global layout is expected to open up a new growth space in the future. The aluminium accoutrements are currently mainly used in German-based medium-end high-end and part of new energy vehicles, and the gradual release of new energy vehicles is expected to drive the overall penetration rate to sam, which is now in the integration phase, with a loss in performance, but a decline in performance, which we expect to achieve.
By 2021, the profit/loss balance is expected. In 2019-2020, sam generated a net profit of one billion yuan, with a significant decline in the ring ratio. At the end of the current sam consolidation, we expect its performance to come to an end, and to replicate its experience into the aluminum bar business, which, in our view, will create a new growth space for the company.
Headlines will be stronger and performance is expected to grow twice, with higher valuation premiums to cover companies for the first time. Table 6: Comparable value estimates for listed companies (pe/peg) Forecasts, sensitive groups, total market value of Sindh glass and collection units in Hong Kong currency)
Sales by car were not as high as expected, the penetration rate of aluminium bars was not as high as expected, and the prices of raw materials continued to rise.