Short-term supermarket expectations, q4 non-profit ring significantly increased - Thai pharmaceutical (300347) performance forecast for 2018. On the evening of 3 January, the company issued performance forecast 2018, which was achieved during the reporting period as part of a listed company ' s shares
In 2018, the net profit ring for q4 shareholders who did not belong to the parent company rose significantly, by 48.12% over the first quarter of q3.
The company ' s performance continued to grow at a high rate, influenced by such adverse factors as the decline in reputations, with a slight excess gain or gain of about $46 million in the fourth quarter and a future return on investment. The company achieved a non-recurring gain or gain of about $46 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, and a non-recurring gain or loss of about $46 million in the year.
At the same time, as the tide of innovation in the country continues, the pharmaceutical biomarket has gradually returned, the involvement of international capital and the launch of our Science and Technology Project have been expected to significantly boost corporate investment, which will be directly beneficial to the company, as well as to the successful completion of the high-morigin orders for large clinical operations during the confirmation period.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, West Side Street, 28 West Rixie Street.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.