Teg medicine (300347) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) of net profit from the mother of $476 million, an increase of 58.23 per cent over the year; eps 0.95.
□ Keeping performance up at a high rate of growth 696 million yuan (+36 per cent) of income achieved by 2018q4 and $158 million net profit earned by the mother (+57 per cent).
The cumulative cost of obtaining medicines for listing in Hong Kong is US$ 2.8394 million; 2) the US concord is purchased.
Since 2017, from the Central Office, the State Office to the Directorate-General of Pharmacy, encouraging innovation policies, the listing of new medicines, the review approval and management of clinical trials have been subject to significant changes, and it is expected that the next few years will mark the first wave of impending and marketed new medicines, with the company acting as the lead in the country's clinical business.
Innovative pharmaceutical clinical operations and statistical data analysis operations are expected to grow steadily as pharmacological reforms encourage innovation policies to move forward; the continued advancement of consistency evaluation will make Be business a company.
Performance gains; at the same time, it is expected that the company ' s pre-investment fund projects will continue to withdraw steadily over the next few years, and that the announcement will be evaluated as cost-impacted q3 performance increases, with year-round performance expected to remain high, bought, and maintained.
Consistency evaluation policy advanced less than expected; goodwill impairment risk; business integration risk.
Income is stable and sustainable, buys, maintains annual reports: performance is up to date and continues to benefit from encouraging innovation and coherence evaluation to move forward, buys
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.