The Incentives Programme promotes business and internationalization. First, a bulletin: Updates on the Stakeholder and Restricted Stock Incentives Schemes2019.3.21. The company issues a number of announcements, including, inter alia, the Repurchase Incentives Scheme and the Equity Investment Scheme.
1 - Draft Staff Holding Scheme 2018, Draft Restrictive Stock Incentive Scheme 2019, and Public Participation in the Investment of Mint Angel II Enterprises (Limited Partnership) in the Suzhou Industrial Park
Publication of the second issue of the Healthy Enterprise Investment Fund for Capital and Health in Investments, and the announcement of the establishment of the Zhaode Investment Partnership (limited partnership) with Shanghai Vision, sponsored by Investment Development Ltd.
Circular on the launch of the Qing Song Life and Health Industry Fund with Zhejiang Qingxong Investment Management Ltd., and on the involvement in the investment of a new three-phase business start-up in Suzhou Industrial Park (limited partnership)
8: Declaration on the Participation in the Investment Assessment Integrated Test Area of the Wyn-Hide Equity Investment Partnership (limited partnership), on the purchase of part of the shares and associated transactions of Shanghai Thinking Medicines and Technology Ltd., II. Assessment: We believe that the new incentive programme ensures that the interests of employees are further tied and that future corporate production is upgraded
Stable and stable performance in internationalizing outreach. Update incentive programs to help companies take advantage of the policy window period and achieve rapid expansion of the backbone \triangleright
Restricted stock incentive programmes, with relatively modest performance targets, are helping to safeguard staff stability. From this stage of development of the Teggar Medicine, we consider it a key window for continuous expansion and internationalization in the business area, ensuring the stability of personnel is the greatest test of management at this stage, and, more so, launching the program at this stage.
We are relatively optimistic that this process will be well advanced. Investment returns are expected to continue at a faster pace than the main industry, with leverage properties \triangleright
The rate of expansion of financial assets available for sale in the course of the year, we believe, in the context of the gradual start-up of the project, that companies are involved in innovative medicines and related investments, and that, while working with the major industry, they are better able to share the dividends of domestic trends in the innovative pharmaceutical industry, and that the rate of return on investment since 2019 is expected to outpace the growth in the main business and become leverage in the company's business.
1. Teg medicine (300347): Thai medicine is a more competitive business compared to clinical practice.
2. Teg medicines (300347): subsidiaries are about to be listed in port, benefiting from the upgrading of domestic generic quality into clinical trial resource constraints; the recovery of traditional operations is slow; competition is deteriorating.
Table 1: Summary of data projections for the company's financial statements
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.