Rapid reporting meets expectations and recommends that attention be paid to the competitiveness of the operations of the aggregates, with continued high growth in 2018 and an acceleration in the q4 ring ratio. 2019.2.27 The company released its fast-track 2018 performance report, which shows a year-on-year ratio of income and net return earnings.
Growth of 35.78 per cent, 58.23 per cent, and a weighted average net asset return of 17.83 per cent, an increase of 3.94 percentage points over the same period.As analysed in 2018, operating income and net profit returns increased by 35.94 per cent and 57.36 per cent, respectively.
The support of corporate operations to the basis of performance is an important basis for corporate performance judgement. 476 million yuan of net profit in 2018, in line with our previous performance expectations (472 million yuan), 2019.2.19, we release the first multi-business profit release report, the Thai Medicines cover report, which sets out the future.
This performance is largely in line with our previous expectations. In the report, we highlight the following core points: 1) Clinical coro unit compared to Deep 300 trends.
There is a clear linear relationship between the company ' s revenues and its personnel (capacity), and therefore more attention is paid to the growth of orders and production capacity in short- and medium-term performance; and (2) through the splitting of the company ' s business structure, we suggest that merger and consolidation, and the policy dividend associated with clinical trials in China, drive rapid growth in the short and medium-term.
We recommend that investors focus on the global competitiveness of corporate numeric operations and the increasing capacity of services such as \triangleright meter analysis, bioanalysis, etc.”, based on our previous estimates of the benefits of the 2018 numeric operations
In this sense, global brand bargaining (as an offshore venture) for the bulk of business may be slightly higher than Thai.
Clinical operations (benefiting from the release of demand from the local clinical trial market); clinical trial resource constraints; slow recovery of traditional operations; deteriorating competition.
2. Tagger Medicine (300347): Be operations are growing rapidly and performance is improving significantly in three quarters.
Table 2: Summary of data projections for the company's financial statements for the Recommended Logical Combination of Medicines, Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.