The company announced an incentive scheme for employee ownership and equity, adding seven investment funds to the Shanghai project for reflection and participation.
□ former employee ownership plan adjusted to equity incentive + employee equity incentive model The company originally repurchased shares for the employee holding scheme and has changed the use of the acquired shares to implement the company ' s employee ownership scheme and equity incentive scheme, with an increase of 70 persons.
Seven hundred and fifty-eight thousand shares (1.4 per cent of the company's share capital and an average return purchase price of $44.25 per share).
The transfer will be completed and the company will hold 33% shareholding in Shanghai. The project is mainly concerned with the analysis of pk data, which provides internationalization criteria for pharmaceutical enterprises.
Design of an early clinical trial and provision of modelling and simulation services. The Hangzhou Tage equity investment partnership (limited partnership) intends to invest $20 million in the Sioux Industrial Park, the mint Angel II venture (limited partnership, total contribution of $150-300 million); and
120 million yuan co-investment in Shanghai with Shanghai China to create a partnership of Joo-de-Geon equity investments (limited partnership with a total of 500 million yuan); to invest $10 million in a healthy foundation for medical and medical start-up in capital and capital; and to manage only a limited amount of $50 million in investment management with Qing Song Song Song, Zhejiang
The company co-founded the Qing Song Life and Health Industry Fund; proposed to invest 20 million yuan in a new three-phase business venture in the Suzhou Industrial Park (limited partnership); proposed to invest 10 million yuan in the Te Peng Angel Investment Fund (total contribution of 300 million yuan) with the Shenzhen Bridge Investment Management Corporation Ltd.; and
The above-mentioned funds will incubate and invest in domestic pharmaceutical innovation projects.
Companies are expected to enjoy the benefits of the domestic wave of innovation outside the main business.Announced: Cost Impact q3 Performance Increases, Innovative Medicines Big Clinical Business and Data Statistics Analysis as Drug Review Reforms encourage innovation policies to move forward
The year-round performance is expected to remain high, buy in, and maintain steady growth; the continued advancement of the consistency evaluation will make Be ' s business a company ' s growth in performance; and the company ' s pre-investment fund project is expected to continue to withdraw smoothly in the coming years, and will be supported by a sustained increase in the performance of Be ' s business.
Publicity rating: high performance growth, synchronized roll-out of equity incentive schemes, buy-in, maintenance of a quarterly rating of 20180829: high growth of the quarter ' s main battalion, investment
49/38 to maintain a corporate “buy-in” rating. Consistency evaluation policy does not advance as expected; goodwill risk of impairment; business integration risk.
No rating - due to the lack of access to the necessary information, or the fact that the company faces significant uncertainties about the foreseeable results, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.