In 2018, the net profit was nearly 60% higher than in 2018, the biggest beneficiary of the new drug boom.
We expect it to be. In a single quarter, companies q4 managed to collect $70 million, y0y +36.0 per cent, recording a net profit of $160 million, yoy + 57.4 per cent, cro tap, the largest beneficiary of the vast development of innovative medicines: from the State ' s equity policy and its extraction.
\triangleright's suppression of the profits of imitating pharmaceuticals will help the process of innovation, and companies will benefit from the wave of innovation: (1) the company is a home-grown cro leader with a strong innovative drug.
Research capacity and ability to undertake high-level international multi-centre clinical trials. By mid-2018, companies were involved in 91 innovative drug varieties, more than 150 innovative drug clinical studies, and more than 100 international multi-centre clinical trials. We believe that companies have a strong capacity for clinical research services, and we have a strong capacity to do so.
The experience of the co-services of the innovative medicine will help them to take up more of the innovative drugs in the development of the drug. (2) The company began rapidly increasing its staffing levels in 2018, with staff expected to be involved in establishing multi-purpose investment funds and M & A funds by the end of 2018, which will be of high quality through the discovery and nurturing of the drug industry.
Institutional investors account for the share of liquid a share of innovative pharmaceutical enterprises that share the benefits. Because of the company’s extensive experience with cro clinical services, we see a higher probability of success in innovative drug projects. As of 2018q3, the company.
As the leading business in the cro, we will benefit fully from the surge in innovation drug development encouraged by the State, with greater stability and scope for growth, and we will continue to offer “buy-in” investment proposals, whichever is expected (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.