Performance forecast meets expectations, with a consistent trend of high growth throughout the year.
Jan Jomu to 110 million yuan (compared to 61 million yuan in the same period the previous year); subsidiary North Medical Ingenius (Beijing) 1. Performance forecast meets expectations and q4 returns to higher growth in the first quarter.
During the year, net return to the mother is expected to range from 450 million yuan to 50 million yuan, which is higher than in the year; net return to the mother is expected to range from 340 million yuan to q4 months, net return to the mother is expected to be between 132 million yuan and 182 million yuan, less non-recurring gains and losses, which is expected to be achieved at the same rate.
The impact of the performance of ipo costs, coupled with a change in the calibre of the table, and the early concentration of foreign-union costs, the revenue implications of the low cocord of the acquisitions, the decline in the level of the q3 single season, the net profit level, are all expected to rise back in the q4 quarter.
2. Convergence evaluation of the wave of innovation, high-growth certainty 1, tri-quarter review of the Tiger Medicine (300347) 2018: q3 one-quarter performance slightly fluctuated and year-round high growth trend was not positive
Cro has a very high profile as an innovation service provider, 1) a domestic drug innovation wave, transformation, globalization of new drug research and development, and the development of an international multi-centre clinical trial to provide innovative pharmaceutical services, Blue Sea
2 “Tegger Medicines (300347) mid-2018: Markets, 2) Evaluations of Domestic Consistency of imitations have continued to advance and Be Business has grown rapidly.
3. Annual Report Review of Teg Medicine (300347): Performance card 3, Rapid growth in clinical counselling, closed loops in clinical co-services The company is able to provide data management, statistical analysis, smo, medical testing, registration declarations, etc.
An integrated clinical research-related advisory service essentially forms a complete closure of clinical co-services. The plate is expected to remain growing rapidly, benefiting from the advantages of size and market scarcity, and to develop in collaboration with clinical trial technical services to improve client consistency and enhance corporate performance.
The source of financial growth in the East, the advantages of the portal of innovative services, the high returns from professional investment, the firm's accurate grasp of the strengths and professional advantages of the portal of innovative services, and the investment of equity in projects such as innovative medicines, have continued to yield substantial returns.
With a strong portfolio of financial assets available for sale at the end of q3, the target of $1.15 billion is expected to be achieved throughout the year, future investment returns will be stable, growth will be strong and will increase firm performance directly, while strengthening client cooperation and coherence in conjunction with the development of the over-the-counter business, further promoting the overall 36.3%, corresponding to 43x, 30x, and 22x. The company is the absolute leader of the national clinical co-level and can provide clinical trial techniques for the full phase of i-iv.
Services (including be) and instrumental clinical trial services, which are expected to share huge markets in the context of the innovation of medical instruments, the advancement of the evaluation of generic consistency in pharmaceuticals, the gradual development of international multi-centre clinical trials, and the steady development of clinical trial advisory services, some pre-cro services and equity investment services, will contribute to the improvement of the whole industry chain layout, provide a steady performance contribution, and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating.
Risks of change in pharmaceutical innovation policy: imitating pharmaceutical consistency evaluation is not progressing as much as expected, risks of multinational M & As failure, etc. Sources of Eastern financial prosperity, sources of Eastern financial wisdom, etc.
Tiger Medicine (300347): Performance forecast meets expectations and the year-to-year trend of high growth remains unchanged.
The research assistant profiles his own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.