Yili Industrial (600887 CH)
Full-year guidance unchanged
BUY (Maintain)
We hosted a NDR with Yili management to obtain follow-up post the company's
Target Price
RMB40.00
investor day on 14th Jul and 2Q operational update. Overall, Yili maintained its
(Previous TP
RMB44.00)
initial guidance of a HSD top line growth with a 0.3pp uptake in net margins for
Up/Downside
46.8%
the year. On a sequential basis, 2Q sales has further accelerated from that of
Current Price
RMB27.24
1Q. This consists of drivers such as QoQ improvement in UHT milk, especially
China Consumer Staples
that of high-end UHT milk, double-digit growth in adult formula, growth in low-
temp SKUs (despite a tough comp) and a stable cheese momentum over 2B
Joseph WONG
channel. Separately, Yili reaffirmed that, albeit deflating raw material prices,
gross margins will likely remain stable, when reasonable discounts to stimulate
retail sales likely offset the savings. In other words, any improvement in
Bella LI
profitability will be solely driven by operation cost savings. Concerning the
remainder of the year, Yili remains upbeat and see scope for further recovery to
take place, thanks to a high debut density from brands like Satine and
Ambrosial. While we remain lukewarm on the dairy segment from a risk-reward
Stock Data
perspective, we think Yili is a relative outperformer among its peers thanks to
its operation scales, more frequent new launches and above-industry milk
formula growth. We are buy-rated.
Source: FactSet
■ Raw material cost impact to GPM. Despite a small, or a LSD drop in raw
Shareholding Structure
milk costs, Yili expects a stable GPM for 2023E as the merit will likely be
offset by a small increase in other material costs such as sugar, packaging
materials, not to mention retail discounts. Mix upgrade will be the only driving
force to boost GPM and financially we look for a 0.2-0.3pp hike over 2023-
Share Performance
25E.
Earnings assumptions/ changes. We largely maintain our 2023/24E
estimates. For 2023E, we continue to assume 1) a 5.5%/ 20%/ 20% liquid
Source: FactSet
milk/ low-temp dairy/ IMF sales growth YoY, respectively. These underpin a
12-mth Price Performance
7.7% 3-year revenue CAGR between 2022-25E. Combined with the GPM
assumptions above, our net margins for 2023-25E are set at 8.0%/ 8.3%/
8.7%. Overall our forecasts largely tally with management's expectation on
revenue/ pre-tax profits of RMB 135.5bn/RMB 12.5bn. We also introduced
our 2025E forecasts.
■ Valuation. Our new TP is based on an updated 24.0x (from previously
25.0x) end-23E PE, which still benchmarks to its 5-year average. Comparing
Source: FactSet
to Mengniu (2319HK, Buy), which we value at -1sd below average, we
assign a higher target multiple to Yili to reflects the latter's stronger IMF
business outlook in the near term.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Key takeaway from Yili's investor day
Satine (Premium room-temp milk):
Premium milk products is experiencing high growth supported by data disclosed by
Nielsen: market penetration is as high as 76%; when households average annual
consumption volume stands at 14.6 L (or 5 packs). Single transaction exceeds RMB
70. By 2027, Yili sees organic milk GMV to reach RMB 34.8bn. Domestic organic milk
consumption currently takes up 20% of the global organic milk consumption, with 12%
CAGR in the past 3-yr (the growth speed is 6 times of that of room temp milk).
The brand continued on promoting premium organic product series, while adding the
A2 series to start debut with competitive price. Yill sees the latter to be flagship series
with potential RMB1bn sales.
Ambrosial (UHT yogurt):
Yogurt industry has seen a slowdown in growth over the past 3 yrs, with recent 6-mos
shows trend of HoH improvement. Consumption preference grew to be polarized and
there emerged various demands in regards to different aspects of health.
The brand has devoted to introducing new products matching differentiated demands.
For example, AMX, Ambrosial's sugar-free product sub-brand, was introduced in
2021. In April 2023, AMX products were upgraded and has been certified with Low
GI. Within 52 days after its launch, sales surpassed RMB 200mn.
Leveraging its technological breakthrough, the brand will introduce an innovative UHT
product in Aug 2023 with active probiotic to meet consumer needs.
In longer term, the brand plans on cross-category expansions, such as to step into
fields of snacks and soft beverages. With its underlying gene of yogurt making, brand
will create concepts like "healthy snacks, healthy bubble/carbonated drink".
Starting 19 July 2023, Ambrosial's collaboration with McDonald's Pineapple Yogurt
McFlurry will be listed in 7,000+ McDonald's stores nation-wide.
Pro-Kido (IMF):
The projected market sales should exceed RMB 140bn in 2023. Nielsen data
suggested two major ongoing trends: ultra-premiumization and production-
localization. The sector is 60% ultra-premium products driven. These products
nonetheless still maintained double digit growth. Domestic IMF brands market share
has surpassed 60% and is growing at 25% YoY, which is 30 bps faster than those of
foreign brands.
The brand's competitiveness lie in three aspects: 1) Zhangjie, the ambassador
targeting female consumers of age range 20-35, 2) high reputation on Little Red Book
and Douyin, with search rate on both platforms recording high growth, 3) leadership
in the maternal and child care system, which conquered 65% of sales.
Xinhuo (Formula milk for Aged group):
China's aging population is accelerating, with population aged 50+ reaching 500mn
or one-third of the total. The advancement of medical services aids further room of
expansion. It is projected that 50+ age group population portion would grow to 41.6%
in 2030. According to Nielsen data, formula milk consumption grew 11.4% YoY in
1H23. In the period, retail asp increased 16% YoY.
The brand has maintained highest market share for eight consecutive years. Current
market share is 35%, which is 3ppt higher compared to previous year's level.
The high-end product line achieved a 40% growth in 1H23. The core product, sugar-
relieving dietary base formula, has achieved over 100% growth for two consecutive
years, with no signs of slowdown. Its core competitiveness lies in being the industry's
first product with a low GI. According to national regulations, a product with a GI below
50 can be recognized as low GI. The two SKUs of sugar-relieving dietary base formula
have GI indexes of 13.9 and 9, respectively. The product innovatively incorporates
rare Chinese herbal ingredients, such as kudzu root and polygonatum, to achieve
better blood sugar control. It is the first clinically tested blood sugar control product.
Chocliz (Ice Cream):
With the improvement of cold chain logistics and distribution capabilities, O to O e-
commerce has become a new purchasing channel.
Brand launched low-priced ice cream in 2023 and will continue to explore new price
ranges. In recent years, they have expanded portfolio with crispy cone products,
achieving a compound growth rate of 30%.
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced.
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institution al Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.