Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
On 11 August, the company published its semi-annual report for 2022, during which it achieved operating income of 496.9 billion yuan, an increase of 12.0 per cent over the reporting period, and a net profit return of 70.3 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 18.9 per cent over the same period.
After excluding the effects of the adjustment of the residual rate during the same period of the previous year by 7.3%, ebitda is RMB 17.39 billion, an increase of 9.1% over the same period, and the overall supermarket is expected to increase by 9.1%.
At the sub-market, the personal market rose slightly by 0.2% from the same year. There was a net increase of 12,96 million mobile customers, of which 5g package customers increased by 124 million.
A total of 43 yuan, or 4.6 per cent more than the same year, was achieved, with a 24.6 per cent increase in revenues from the government and corporate markets, and a further 2.29 million more households, from the demographic dividend to the information dividend. Dict income amounted to 48.2 billion yuan, a 44.2 per cent increase over the profit target.
Continued global leadership, with a 35% ebitda rate and a 55.2 billion yuan free cash flow. Increased investment intensity, accelerated transformation, and improved business structure. During the reporting period, corporate digitized transition revenue grew by 39.2% compared to the previous year, driving income of hbn (family, government and new business) to reach a ratio of income to communications services
At the end of the digital economy, the new generation of information infrastructure has been strengthened by the integration advantage of 5g+Arithmetic Networks + Intelligent Centre. Mobile clouds have received $23.4 billion, an increase of 103.6%.
By building the ability to “cloud plus data,” companies are accelerating the transformation of business models from “pipe plus traffic” to “connectivity plus numeracy plus capability.” On top, we look at the prospects for companies in the digital economy to transform from a demographic dividend to an information dividend.
As companies enter a weak cyclical maturity period, investment intensity is stable, profits are strong, and market value space is expected to move up. 5g operations have not yet developed a clear business model, and organizational and incentive mechanisms are not adapted to business transformation needs.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market