It is recommended that the income structure be optimized for the first time, that the income structure be further optimized, and that the second curve continue to rise.
Revenues amounted to $42,641.7 billion, an increase of 8.4 per cent in the same year, with Chbn clients ' size, full-scale income growth, h (family market), b (political market), n (emerging market) optimized total income.
The rapid expansion of the information services business, with digital transformation revenues of $11.8 billion, an increase of 39.2 per cent over the previous year, representing 26.0 per cent of the income of the main business, became the second growth curve of the company.
Long. In the sub-market, the personal market rose steadily in the first half of the year, with income reaching 25.6 billion yuan, and a net increase of 124 million households, remaining in absolute leadership. As a result of an increase in the penetration of 5g and a boost in the consumption of words, companies moved arpu by 0.2 to 52.3 yuan on a year-on-year basis.
On the household market, bandwidth upgrades, smart-skiller extension, which led to a sustained increase in the combination of family clients, grew by 4.6% to $43 yuan in the first half of the year. On the political and business market, companies focused on the industry, and integratedly promoted the expansion of “nets and clouds” and focused on market capabilities and production.
In terms of new markets, companies are investing in innovative layouts, integrating international operations, equity investments, and numbers.
In the first half of the year, the company invested 58.7 billion yuan in the opening of a 5-g base station to service 5g.
Network clients reached 263 million households, 5g specialized network projects exceeded 4,400, and 5g high-quality networks were created that strongly supported the release of 5g flows in the public market and the upgrading of the business sector in the corporate market. At the same time, companies actively implemented the deployment of the country’s “East and West” project, leading the computing network from the conceptual point of view.
In terms of arithmetic supply, companies are implementing the national “two gigabytes” initiative, precisioning the construction of a full-luminous gigabyte broadband network, 100% of the country's city and city olt platforms, and more than 88% of the olt platforms in rural and urban areas.
On the surface, the "4+3+x" layout was deepened, with an external capacity of 429,000 idc aircraft, resulting in a net increase of 22,000. On cloud computing, the company continued to push forward the construction of the mobile cloud "n+31+x"7 and to strengthen the cloud network, 10,000: to advance the development of a network of clouds covering the entire country and to accelerate the growth of centre, edge and side computing power.
Companies continue to move into low-cost and efficient operations, with a combination of savings and savings, with good results.
In the first half of the year, the net profit returned to the mother was 70,275 million yuan, an increase of 18.9 per cent, a net interest rate of 14.15 per cent, an annualized net asset rate of return of 11.62 per cent, and profitability continued to be a leading international top operator with sustained health.
In order to provide better feedback to shareholders and share development gains, companies take full account of profitability, cash flow and future development needs.
The company’s shareholders should account for more than 70% of the profits, and the shareholders will benefit directly, with a cost-of-contribution ratio highlighted. We look forward to the company’s future performance, covering the first time with a “recommended” rating.
Not as expected; the process of digital transformation in the country is not as expected.