The two-quarter Māori ratio rose by the same ring, the volume price of car glass products rose twice, the revenue of 202.02 company outpaced the industry, and the net profit was 27 per cent higher on a year-on-year basis as a result of exchange gains.
In the first half of the year, the company, after deducting the effects of reduced shipping costs, higher energy prices and higher prices of pure alkaline, increased its output by 1 pct, which is expected to be largely car glass.
At the end of the scale, in 2022, the company sold 127.14 million m2 of glass, at a rate of 4 m2 per vehicle.
This is equivalent to 3,179 million vehicles equipped, 78.39 million vehicles sold worldwide in 22 years, measuring company cars, 40.6% glass, and +3.7 pct. Previously, Blossom Bulletin 1) proposed an investment of $650 million in the United States of America to expand plating car glass, floating glass, etc.; and 2) the Cooperative State Administration,
(c) Increase RMB 600 million in construction of plating car glass, steeled laminates at the end of the price, with the price of carbone flat rice continuously rising from RMB 152.4 in 2016 to RMB 201.3 in 2022, capr 4.7 per cent, 2023h1, smart panorama glass, luminous glass, glass up displaying glass,
Super-segregated glass, light-quantified super-slender glass, plating glass heatable, chemical steel glass, etc.
Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Four-quarter annual growth by 19 per cent, Autobonds by 19 per cent, Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Net profit by 49-106 per cent in four-quarters alone, Glossy Glass (600660.0.sh) - Net profit by 84 per cent in three-quarters alone, Motors by 84 per cent in one-quarter.
Investment recommendations: up profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Increase in volume (area) from 4 to 6 square metres; 2) increase in the value of single square metres (plating, insulation, wrapping, hud, luminous, 5g communications, etc.) from $600 to over $2,000. The following car glass, grid connection, opening up new horizons, industry asp upgrades are expected to accelerate.
The revenue of the 20202 company grew by 26% on a year-on-year basis and the net profit was a record high. The 2023h1 glazing glass generated revenues of RMB 509 million from the exchange gains of the same period last year, increasing the total profit by RMB 1 billion over the same period of the previous year; 3) the cost of the energy price hike increased, reducing the total profit by RMB 114 million over the same period of the previous year;
(4) Pure-alkali price increases affect higher costs, resulting in a reduction in total profits of RMB 38 million compared to the same period the previous year. The reason for the excess of revenue over industry is expected to be mainly due to the increase in car glass and year-on-year. 202.02 The exchange gain of RMB 718 million as a result of exchange rate fluctuations has resulted in higher net profit performance.
Model effects, related to the fall in shipping costs. 202,0202 camp harvests outpaced the domestic automobile industry by 1 pct. Since 2013, the annual pick-up rate and the quarterly pick-up rate of the Fry Glass has moved to a level similar to that of the domestic car market, where the rate of pick-up in absolute terms is almost equal to that of the domestic car market.
Figure 10: Quarterly comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp, Figure 9: Annual comparison of the rate of increase in vehicle/car fleet production and the rate of increase in glass camp
In 2022, the company sold 127.14 million square metres of glass, converted by 4 square metres of glass per vehicle, as compared to 31.79 million vehicles equipped with Marklines data, and 7,839 million vehicles sold globally in 2022, accounting for 40.6 per cent of the global market for corporate car glass, compared with 3.7 pct.
The company announced that it would continue to expand its glass capacity in the United States, Chengzhou, and Fukuking.
The company’s floating glass energy base currently covers the United States, with 1.35 million tons of domestic capacity and 260,000 tons of United States capacity. According to the company’s announcement, the company will then expand the floating glass/light glass capacity in the United States.
The announcement of increased investment by American Limited and its subsidiaries, Hyo intended to invest $65 million in the United States of America, a fully-owned subsidiary, of which $30 million was invested in projects such as plating car glass, production lines, steeled windows, etc. for the United States of America; and $35 million in the United States of America.
On 30 August, Foyo Illinois, a subsidiary, invested additionally and invested in the construction of two lines of a kiln (the floating production line of Fukuyo Illinois), four solar backboard glass deep processing production lines, factories and supporting infrastructure projects.
For the long- and medium-term layout of Chengzhou and the focus area on the cultivation of urban areas in China, Fukuyo will implement the whole industry chain layout in Chengzhou to expand production capacity and build the capacity of “Change One”
(a) Establishment of a multi-purpose vehicle glass and new technology research and development centre for new technologies for new energy vehicles and customers;
On August 30, Foyoshi Industries Group, Inc., published a voluntary disclosure on the subject of full capital to the owner of the owner's company, Feng Yiu Po, Ltd., as a companion to a full set of car glass (including steel, plating, mold production, etc.)
In June 2021, the Department announced that it had invested 600 million yuan in the Fukuk car glass for projects such as the construction of plating lines for car glass and steeled laminates for windows, which had been filed with the Fukuk City Agency for Development and Reform in June 2022 and had started work on civil construction in August 2022.
We believe that the expansion is expected to open a new cycle of capacity generation, and that the global market share of the company’s car glass industry, with the expansion signal, is expected to continue to rise. At the price end: sustained R & D inputs, with higher value-added products rising.
In order to maintain a competitive advantage, companies have been investing more and more, and their R & D investment has grown from $155 million in 2010 to $1,249 million in 2022, or 19% in cagr. Companies investing more in R & D than their intra-industry competitors, and starting in 2014 they are spending more on R & D.
It has been higher than 3.80%, with a 4.44% R & D cost in 2022, higher than overseas car glass taps. The company has set up smart innovation centres, set up smart network innovation teams, quickly developed a cut-off and made breakthroughs in core technology areas such as critical car glass manufacturing processes and equipment, glass antennas, plating, photovoltaics, etc.
Plasma glass, plating and heating glass, looking glass, ultra-segregated glass, etc rfid5g glass with a web-wire antenna, smart panorama glass, etc., provide users with new green intelligence, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly driving experiences.
Research and development of innovation and technology leads, and corporate glass products are rising in value. Companies continue to drive car glass towards “safe, energy-efficient, environment-friendly, fashion-friendly, intelligent integration.” 2023h1. Companies accelerate research and development of new products, new technologies, new materials, intensive research and development of high-value-added products of autonomous intellectual property rights.
Intelligent skyglasses, radiable glass, head-on glass, ultra-segregated glass, light-quantifiable ultra thin glass, plating glass, chemical steel glass, etc., have continued to rise, representing an increase of 10.08 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
In December 2021, the world's first landscape-wide mountain tourism train was officially under way in Hunanzhou, and is expected to be operational on Integrated Orbital Transport Line 1 in late 2022.
The front window, the Sky Mirror, is designed with hyperbolic front window sizes of about 5.2 m2, which is the largest orbital front window product in its current size, and the side window of the train, which uses electrocutable glass.
Figure 13: The automotive glass industry benefits from the increase in the size and value of bicycles and single square metres
The atmosphere lights the visual enjoyment of back row passengers, using solar energy to transform into electricity, to provide energy for vehicle appliances; to reduce fuel consumption.
It's a big view, and it's a beautiful view; it's very good light gathering, which in turn magnifies the atmosphere in the car, heat insulation, sound insulation, solar skylights, all-window windows, and creates a wonderful driving experience.
Integrating all kinds of materials in fine shapes; making flat shapes, looking beautiful, windshields, doorglasses, and then holding back smallness; and displaying colourful, high-lighted appearances.
Windshields, skylights can display mirrors with high light effects and splendor; model designs are free; and car bodies can be suspended, stand-alone highs.
Cap effect; guided track structure to provide direction for glass lift and down. Simultaneously shaped; windows, including accessories, are high in size and low in wind.
(i) Window seals: waterproof dust, soundproofing noise, forming the body of the vehicle with better user experience
(c) Simplified total vehicle assembly process with a glass-sided view, track and glass-like structure;) easy-to-assemble module: fast-tracking, efficient and easy-to-loading.
Active glass windows, enhanced air flow; easy access (for the back of the pickup); manual and slide windows always into door glass, back windshield
Electric openings are coupled; a flat or faulty look can be achieved. In December 2022, Foyo released a transparent projection showing the glass, closed the window on the side of the sound, and then the video could be cleaned up and projected on the panorama: and a completely new laser radar interior program was launched - placement of the laser radar.
On the inside of the front windshield, which is the best solution that can be found now from the image of the vehicle, the layout of the laser radar, and later, not only is the curvature of the car fluid, but it is not possible to deactivate the laser radar system because of the low impact detection because of the installation of the position, and with the front windshield as a protective layer, the laser radar device can be deactivated.
Daphne, the clean-up programme, and, of course, the defrosting programme were saved, as well as from the impact of gravel and other shocks, which resulted in a double reduction in current manufacturing costs and maintenance costs. Figure 17: Fukuyo launched the laser radar internalization programme - placing the laser radar in front
The inner side of the windshield looks forward to a gradual increase in the use of hud (the popular meb/the new platform of the Great Wall, etc.), full glass roofs (Texra, Peng, etc.), and the use of light glass as a proxy, with an increase in the automobile glass industry in the context of electric intelligence.
Quick. We believe that light glass with its insulation, sound insulation, entertainment, safety, etc., will give the pan-scenes glass more functionality. The light glass product is fully configured and supplied to the mainstream, the brand-owned electric smart car. At present, the light glass product can be divided into pdlc light glass, the heat of color transformation.
Pdlc radiates glass, of which pdlc can radiate the panorama glass as an integral part of the map free. Level 10 light can be adjusted for 99% of UV; hot-changed glass can customize multiple colours of glass, and the colours can vary depending on temperature; ec radiates the skylight as a blessing for the new heavy weight light glass introduced this year.
With low fog, automatic transfer of intelligence sensors, insulated UV, etc., and with optical game ec electro-continuing colour technology, it achieves a gradient of color modulus light in polar helium 001, wide gas aionsplus, Biadi seals, etc., Figure 19: Biadi seals with ec +low-e panorama
Investment recommendations: A global champion glass on a high-quality track is recommended on a continuous basis, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. In the context of motor intelligence, industry opportunities revolve around 1) incremental/upgraded parts; 2) autonomous rise product chains are developed along two main lines.
One third of the surface of the vehicle, surrounding the crew, was upgraded around front-hudization, top-of-the-scenes, and in the medium term, the light glass is expected to permeate to the end of the car's ecological application, which, according to the output carrier (volume of information outside the control screen), has a very large growth space (one-car value from)
700-1500-3000+. With the growth of China ' s automobile industry for many years, with great focus and cost-control capabilities, it has grown to be the global engine of car glass (40 per cent of the 22-year estimate), far more profitable than the global competitor.
In 2023, it was expected that the company ' s performance would grow robustly in the context of glass product upgrading, sea transport and chip mitigation, and rising city occupancy rates; in the medium term, the company ' s increased capacity in North America, the country ' s Chengzhou and Fuching, was expected to open a new cycle of capacity, and the company ' s global share of car glass operations was expected to continue to rise with the signal of expansion.
IL; Long-term dimensions, where the company is the global engine of car glass, with a strong trend of intelligence, car glass is expected to increase from 4 to 6 square metres in size, from 600 to more than 2,000 dollars in single-lined glass usage; and 2 to increase the value of single-metres (film, insulation, wrapping, hud, light modem, 5g communications, etc.).
The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now, or in the future.