(b) Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) current net profit to the mother of $6.01 billion, corresponding to an increase of 29.4 per cent, consistent with the previous performance report;
18,56 per cent, down 7.91 pct, sales rates significantly lower on the same scale, releasing profit elasticity, managing companies that simultaneously publish quarterly reports, q1 yields $5 billion, yoy+40.9 per cent, and return to the mother, prices of companies compared to 300 per cent.
The tax-contribution ratio fluctuates significantly, and the q1 company ' s business performance is expected (similar to the profit impact of Maotai ' s quarterly tax reporting and attachments) if the impact of the tax is eliminated at the end of the statement. q1 sales cash returns of $6.45 billion, yoy + 138 per cent, and returns are strong and consistent with the grass roots.
The q1 Māori rate is 86.04 per cent, or 0.81 pct, or 20 years q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q Q1 Q & & Q & % Q & %
q1 spent less on the impact of the epidemic during the same period, but it can be seen that since 20 years q1 the cost of selling without the impact of the epidemic has again been low (even taking into account the adjustment in freight accounting, the cost of selling q1 should remain low), or that it means that the company has maintained high cost investments for years.
The build-up is gradually entering the harvest period, adding up to 21 years, and the company will definitely gradually reduce the fuzzy return, turning to a profit-in-contribution drive for the dealer. On the back, sales costs are centered or low, the Q. Mautai dividend will continue, and the cellar will remain steady upwards.
In view of the high quality of alcohol, the current situation is still priced, so that the mid-term low-end dividend rate is likely to be sustained, with five grain fluids below and a high price of the national cellar still available. The cellar is actively planning for the sale of 2022 calibre fluids, which is in a cycle of supply and demand, and the price rate is steadily rising, and the country’s customers continue to follow the strategy.
But there have been several thousand-dollar products of soy sauce, real estate wine, and famous wine, such as: soy sauce and wine.
The price of the thousand dollars is becoming more competitive, so looking back, the cellars need to be followed up.
With the five grain fluids and the need to respond to the competition for new products, the medium- and long-term pattern needs to be tracked continuously, while the medium- and long-term is still a space for regionalization, and the platform corporate model is expected to be replicated.
The company Henan War introduced the Kuthai Platform model, planning for the sale of the cellars in 2020-2022, not for $5,8 million, but for $1.2 billion, the consumer atmosphere is rapidly being nurtured, and it is expected to complete its task more than expected; under the scheme of the national cellar sales company, “Cities Model Markets” will be promoted during the 14th and 5th years.
The platform’s corporate model is expected to be replicated over time by the “2358” regional development strategy, with nine model markets, including Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengzhou, Chengdu, and so on. As a third brand of high-end white wine, the national cellar will continue to benefit from the low-end dividend, folding the national cellar itself.
Channels to build power and channel end-of-interest communities, with a promising upward trend over the next three years; ten-deut cards, second-high-end entry-price belts, with a brand revival base, to be eliminated, and the demand group to open the huts returned; the price of the cellars, the profit to the channel, the profit to the end, was not as high as expected; and ten generations.
The Special Rapporteur has not recovered as expected; the Henan war has not progressed as expected; the management risks of change, etc. The report is presented independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, and I do not have any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.