Gu is determined to return to the first three objectives of the industry, with 2101 exceeding expectations of 5 billion dollars, 40.9 per cent more than the previous year, and a net profit of 2.17 billion more than 27 per cent higher than the previous year.
Red distribution programme: Gold equity gains of $20.51 million per 10 shares, representing a 32 per cent decline in other alcohol revenues, mainly due to the adjustment period. 2020h1 faces the challenge of reducing dealer pressure and stock consumption through flexible market policies, enabling the second half of the year.
H2. With the combined effect of positive marketing and price increases, middle- and high-quality alcohol revenue rose by 30.5% over the same period. The Māori ratio rose by 2.4 pct over the same year in 2020, based on product price increases on the one hand, and the optimal product structure on the other.
In terms of costs, the spread of the product slowed during the epidemic during the reporting period, and the transfer of logistics costs to the list of operating costs resulted in a 26 per cent decrease in the cost of sales and a 10.51 to 23.35 per cent decrease in the combined cost rate. 2021q1 shows good sales of medium- and high-end white wine, with a lower base of 1q last year and a 40.85 per cent gain achieved by the company.
In terms of growth in earnings, the relatively slow increase in profits was mainly due to sales, the return to normal corporate tax ratios in previous years, and a similar increase of 438 million dollars. On costs, while the increase in market penetration resulted in an increase of 38.9% in sales costs over the same period, combined costs decreased slightly by 0.55 ptt compared to the same period last year, as a result of economies of scale.
Net cash flows into activity of $1.31 billion, which is exactly the same as the previous year. Companies have almost achieved full-priced product layouts: the cellar has 1573 brand heights, the specials have been adjusted to become the backbone of the company’s waist products, the succulent spirits have moved across the transition, and the headlines have changed in marketing.
In addition, the strategic brand “high light” was launched last October, focusing on light-luxury markets. The company is steadily moving towards the first three lines of the industry, based on a refined product matrix. The contract liability at the end of 1q was slightly higher than 20q4 and the state cellar classics are now off the order, and there are adjustments to the wines, fine headles, etc., which are in line with company one.
With a flexible market strategy, 2q’s performance is expected to remain robust. In 2021, the 14th Five-Year Plan begins, companies will be further refined to improve efficiency, marketing, further precision, higher brand influence, and return to the value of the brand as a whole.
It is expected that the report will be prepared by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and that the investment in the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Limited and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may have used or recommended any action on the use of the Report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may not have taken any action on the use of the Report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to notification. The certificate of interest (Hong Kong) Limited and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may or will be able to give the certificate described in the report [@takes an opinion or standing, or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate of profit (Hong Kong) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf, or on behalf of others:@. The report ... is not used to sell or facilitate the transaction of the certificate referred to in the report.
30 April 2021