Current consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Billion, 25.7 per cent more than year-on-year, resulting in a net return of 3.48 billion dollars, or 26.7 per cent more than year-on-year, the dream blues maintained their high growth, the company ' s performance accelerated in the first quarter of 2017, and the company achieved an increase of 19.9 billion dollars, or 15.9 per cent.
In the first quarter of 2018, corporate revenue grew by 25.7 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the fast growth in the dream blue series of products. From the continued upswing in consumption and the expansion of sub-high-end markets, the company ' s dream blue sales increased by the same percentage in 2017.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) is more than 50% long and 30% in the blue classics.
Māori rates have risen significantly, product structure has succeeded in offsetting the impact of the consumption tax, dream blue rapid growth has led to product structure upgrading and faster income growth through commissioning. Māori rates have risen steadily.
As a result of the transfer of taxes from operating costs. As a result of the low rate of corporate consumer tax payments in the previous quarter -- 2017/10/29, the market feared that a significant increase in taxes and surcharges in the first quarter of 2018 would affect the company ' s earnings.
Ocean River shares (00204) are reported in the Ocean River shares. In practical terms, while corporate taxes and surcharges were equal to those in the first quarter of 2018, it is considered that there has been a double-digit increase in the province, with the exception of the province.
14.28 pcts were raised, but if the operating costs and taxes and surcharges were combined, and if the dream blues were to continue to grow throughout the year, the company's Māori ratio was expected to rise steadily, while the annual tax and surcharges accumulated with the rise in the corporate consumption tax base starting in the third quarter of last year.
The same-year increase is expected to gradually narrow, and the profitability of the company is expected to increase gradually, while the cost of sales has remained stable and the cost of management has declined in the first quarter of 2018.
The sales cost is 6.31%, a 0.37 pcts decrease in the same year.
With regard to the management cost rate, it is expected to remain stable. The increase in the size of the overall collection rate, with 1.09 pcts being reduced by the same season, is expected to be maintained throughout the year. In addition, the financial cost rate of the company increased by 0.46 pcts per quarter by the same year, mainly due to exchange loss during the current period.
Profit forecasting and rating companies, second-end white wine-leading companies, have benefited since last year from sub-high white wine recovery and company restructuring of products and channels, and the blue classic series has rejuvenated, especially dream blues, to achieve rapid growth.
More than expected, consumption taxes do not have a greater impact on profits. At the same time, with product channels and terminal prices rising and mission performance exceeding expectations, companies are expected to increase their chances of raising prices for the blue classic series this year, thus further increasing corporate profit elasticity.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.