Light Module Leadership, 800g, 1.6t to launch a new era of growth, Global High Speed Light Module Leadership in the Age of Euphoria (300502.sz) *ai, first covered, “buy-in” rating
The company is a leading global light module company that focuses on the development, production and sale of multiple types of high-performance modules and light devices. It has more than 3,000 products, which are widely used in such industries as data centres, telecommunications networks, etc., and has served more than 300 clients from more than 60 countries and regions around the world.
With more than 30 years of experience in the industry, we look forward to the company’s long-term growth in the era of high-speed light communication. We expect the company’s net return profits in 2024-2026 to be $15.42, 23.40 and 32.88 billion, respectively.
In terms of product technology, the light module is moving towards high-speed, miniaturized, thermally available, while the drop in high-speed rates drives technology such as silicon light, lpo, etc. In terms of application markets, connectivity and pre-telecommunication markets.
The landscape is vast, and our country attaches great importance to the development of light communications, and the global market position of domestic light-moderator companies is becoming more prominent. As the model of artificial intelligence in large languages, represented by chhatgpt, has created an increased demand for arithmetic, which has led to a significant increase in the demand for 800g light modules and has accelerated the rotation of light modules to 1.6t and above.
In 2023, the company achieved 800g high-speed light module bulk delivery and successfully launched silicon-based solutions.
800g, 400g light module products and 400gzr/zr+ trunking module products, as well as 800g light module products based on the ipo formula, covering multiple clients, the latest 1.6t light module has been rolled out and sampled for client testing. In the data centre area, corporate products include 100g, 200g, 400g,
800g high-speed light module: In the area of telecommunications, products cover 25g, 50g, 100g, and 200g series of light module products from 5g forward, middle and back. Companies have significant combined advantages in terms of R & D strength, product layout, customer certification, and capacity expansion.
Deep Farming Module Industry, based on the frontier of industry Deep Farm Module for more than 10 years, with products covering a wide range of areas. Chengdu, a leading industry provider of light module solutions and services, was established in 2008 and certified as a national high-tech company in 2010.
The company focuses on the development, production and sale of a variety of high-performance light modules and optical devices, which can be widely used in the ict sector of data centres, telecommunications networks (fttx, lite and transmission), security surveillance and smart power grids.
The company owns more than 3,000 products and strictly follows tuv, cce, ul, fcc, fda, rohs, and a client. In 2023, it achieved 800g mass delivery of high-speed light modules and successfully launched 800g, 400g light module products and 400gzr/zr+ associated module products based on silicon photolysis, and ipo
In the data centre area, the products include 100g, 200g, 400g, 800g high-speed light modules for use in the central market; in the telecommunications area, the products cover 25g, 50g, 100g, 200g series of light module products for transmission, transmission and return.
As of 24 June 2024, the Director of the Department, Hwang Xiaoray, was a consistent actor, with a shared share of 14.53%, and a real corporate control. The company’s core management had a strong background in communications and had more than three decades of industry experience.
In 2022, the company acquired alpine ' s remaining shares to achieve full ownership, and alpine had a light module, a dry light module and a silicon photon technology to develop and produce in the field of light. This successful acquisition enabled the company to successfully extend its upstream industrial chain to the benefit of the company.
Keeping up with industry demands, globalizing the layout and further improving product competitiveness. 2,aigc rapid development, high-speed light module-driven performance growth Data centre and telecommunications market developments continue to generate light module demand, corporate aggregate collection and return net profit realization
In the first quarter of 2024, benefiting from the demand of downstream data centre operators for 400g, 800g, and 1.6t light modules, companies are expected to benefit in the long term, while revenue and net profits are expected to be maintained faster Business focus point to light module, with the high speed light module increasing continuously.
The company’s high-speed (800g/1.6t) light module, silicon light module, and associated new product research and development projects, such as the corresponding dry light module, 800 glpo light module, have made several breakthroughs and advances, and sales are expected to increase as the high-speed light of the module’s output is rapidly released.
In 2019-2023, companies continued to expand their overseas markets, with the ratio rising from 43.59% in 2019.
In 2020-2023, the company’s overall Māori rate fluctuated from 35% to 35%, and in the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved a gross gain.
The company is a small number of firms in the country with the capacity to deliver 400g, 800g light modules, a high-speed development or a large demand for high-speed light modules, while 400g, 800g light modules have a relatively high Maori rate at the beginning of the product cycle and will be followed by high-speed light models such as 1.6t in the future.
The gradual release of block, silicon light, and lpo light module products is expected to improve the company’s overall Māori ratio continuously. The components and pon light module products account for a relatively low proportion of the overall output structure, which together accounted for 2.14 per cent in 2023, and for Māori composite figure 8: Māori ratio of company point-to-point modules maintained at over 30 per cent.
Figure 7: Significant growth in Māori and net interest rates for company sales of 2024q1, with a 2.57 per cent decrease in management costs, 0.34 percentage points lower than in the previous year, and significant efficiency gains, with companies increasingly focusing on R&D inputs, and product matrices gradually improving. Companies attach great importance to R&D and insist on market demand.
R & D costs 4.78%. For traditional product companies to reduce costs through R & D optimization processes, for new products to capture profitability through R & D, progress has been made in new product R & D projects such as the high-speed light module, the silicon light module, the lpo light module, etc., to continuously improve the competitiveness of the company and consolidate its market position. By the end of 2023, the company was awarded cumulatively.
patent 115, of which 43 were inventions and 71 were practical new patents. 3 Light communication core components, iAri arithmetic high-speed light module demand enhancement 3.1 Light modules are core components for PV conversion in light communications
The light module is a optical electron device for photovoltaic and optical transformation in light communications. Technically, the receiving end is set to recognize only the telecom, cannot directly identify the light signal received and needs to be converted from the light module to the light signal. At the start of the transmission, the light launcher, driven by the chip, uses the original telecommunications.
(b) On the receiving end, after being detected by a light detector, the light receiver returns the light signal to a telecom and processes it with a front amplifier. The composition, the light module, is made up of a light device, a light interface and a functional circuit.
The light launcher (tosa, laser) and the light receiver (rosa, light detector) are core parts of the light module. Tosa, Rossa are core parts of the light module. The lightware, by cost composition, accounts for about 73% of the light module cost, and in the light-receiving component (rosa) and the light-launching component (tosa) are cost ratios.
About 80%, both of which are source light devices, the core of which are made up of photochips. Tosa is made up of lasers, adaptors, and tubes. In the long-range light module, sequesters and modems are added, with lasers as core components of Tosa, and the usual laser types are vcsel, fp, dfb, eml; roses are detected.
The instrument and adaptor make up the core of the rosa detector, with the most common types of detector being pin-tia and apd-tia: the cost of the photochip (including the photo detector chip and the laser chip) is about 50 per cent of the total cost of the luminous device and about 85 per cent of the total cost of Tosa and rosa.
Figure 15: The photochip application landscape is rich The light module is rich in variety and evolves in the light module envelope type, which is moving in the direction of high-speed, small-scale, thermally plug-in. Depending on the type of envelope, the light module is divided into gbic, sfp, xfp,
Sfp+, sfp28, sfp56, qsfp+, qsfp28, qsfp56, qsfp-dd, osfp, etc. Light module industrial chain is rich. From the industrial chain, upstream links include photochip manufacturers and lightware suppliers, which are responsible for the provision of key raw materials for light module manufacture; midstream links include light module manufacturers, light.
The manufacturer of communications chips and the supplier of light communication equipment, which is responsible for the assembly of photochips and optical devices into complete light modules and the development of accompanying power-driven circuits and control systems; downstream links are divided mainly into digital and telecommunications markets, including Internet and cloud computing companies, telecommunications operators, etc.
To concentrate on light module assembly and the manufacture of passive devices, high-end active photochip is still in the import dependency phase, moving from low-speed to high-speed penetration.
3.2. The development of a catalytic light module for the development of accelerated rotations, the reduction of the demand for the reduction of the demand, which drives multi-technology evolution, has led to an increase in the demand for the arithmetic with the release of a large model of artificial intelligent languages represented by chhatgpt, which has led to a significant increase in the demand for the 800g light module and has accelerated the rotation of the light module towards 800g and above.
The rapid upgrading of data levels, arithmetic needs, etc. drives the technological path of the light module towards high-speed, low-cost, low-power consumption, and drives the upgrading of related technological routes, such as silicon light, cpo, lpo, etc. Silicon light technology is becoming an important research area based on low-cost, high-integration development prospects.
Silicon and silicon base liner material, a new generation of technology for optical device development and integration using the cos process, has performed well at peak speed, energy consumption, cost, etc. The overall advantages of the silicon light module programme are not yet apparent, as technology develops, and silicon light is expected to follow.
Industry opportunities arise from the process, scale and cost advantages of the silicon-based industrial chain. According to Lightcounting, the light communication industry is already at a turning point in the application of silicon light technology on a sip scale, with market shares using sip-based light modules expected to increase from 24% in 2022 to 44% in 2028.
The power of the light module is increasing with speed. The power of the early 10g light module is only 1w. As the speed rises, part of the 800g light module power is close to 30w, significantly increasing the overall power consumption and usage of the data centre. In order to cope with excessive energy consumption while simultaneously meeting the high-speed, high-density light communication needs, the industry has mainly launched cpo and lpo.
lpo is one of the solutions to excessive power consumption. Linear drive plug-in optical device module (lpo) is a transceiver encapsulation technology that uses linear direct-drive technology and uses trans-magnator (tia) and drive chip (driver) with high linearity and eq functionality to replace dsp, mainly for short-range transmission sites such as data centres.
(1) Low power consumption: The lpo light module power consumption is about 50% lower than the conventional plug-in module. The use of linear-drive has also reduced the power consumption of silicon light and vcsel by about 50%, while reducing the power consumption of components (2): the price of dsp is higher, and in 400g light, the cost of dsp bom is about 20-40%.
In the lpo program, eq functions are integrated in triver and tia and although costs will increase slightly, the cost of the uplight module as a whole has decreased significantly; (3) low delay: by removing dsp chips, use high linear tia and triver with eo functionality
Chips, the system can reduce signal recovery time, thereby significantly reducing delays and achieving the delay time at the skin second level; (4) Plug-in: in the lpo programme, there are no significant changes in the way light modules are encapsulated, and the plug-in design is used to facilitate insertion and extraction.
cpo low power options or one of the future directions. Photovoltaic co-encapsulation (cpo) refers to the exchange of asic chips and silicon light engines co-encapsing on the same high-speed main plate, thereby reducing signal decay, reducing system power, reducing cost and achieving high integration.
Connectivity upgrades or shifts to cpo and associated programs. According to the Lightcounting report, the need for ai for network speeds is more than 10 times the current level, and against this background, cpo is expected to reduce the capacity of existing plug-in-luminous module structures by 50% and will effectively address high-speed high-density interconnection transmission scenarios.
Starting with 800g and 1.6t ports, commercial from 2024 to 2025, and model from 2026 to 2027, mainly for the short range of mega cloud service providers. Global sales at cpo ports will increase from 50,000 in 2023 to 4.5 million in 2027, with cpo ports at 800g and 1.6t in 2027.
Figure 23: cpo or one of the directions for the future
The market size of the light module is expanding. According to yole data, the market size of the light module grew from $9.8 billion in 2021 to $11 billion in 2022, with an annual increase of 12.5% in revenues generated by the global light module market. yole projects that by 2028, the global market revenue for the light module is expected to reach $22.3 billion, and between 2022 and 2028.
Figure 25: Growing market size of light modules 2022 - 2028 pticaltransceivervenuegrovethforecast
Our country attaches great importance to the development of light communication, and the share of the global market for domestic light module manufacturers is increasing. According to the light running report, in 2010 domestic light module manufacturers accounted for only 15% of the global market share.
In 2022, among the world ' s top 10 module suppliers, Chinese firms grew from one in 2010 to seven, with Meso-Suk joining the coherents in number 1 and Wa (Heath) ranked fourth, Hae-shin in number 5, Hee-shin in number 6, Wu-Sun in number 7, China in rank 8 and Sol-Shing in rank 8.
Electricity (Wassai shares) ranked 10th, and Middle Quantities earned nearly $1.4 billion in revenue, representing some of the global light module market. Figure 26: Increasing global market share of domestic light module manufacturers (%) Market share of domestic manufacturers
Foreign vendor market share 3.4, connectivity and telecommunications market prospects, increased demand for arithmetic light module, and demand for hardware and equipment in data centres and telecommunications markets continued to increase as a result of increased demand for and technological upgrading of data centres and telecommunications markets.
The market development of the luminous module, in which the bursting development of ai further boosts the demand for numeracy, the light communication network is an important foundation and solid base of the numeracy network, the light module as the core component of luminous communication, and the whole light module industrial chain is expected to benefit fully from numeracy development.
The total sales of the Ethernet module would amount to $17.6 billion. 3.4.1, Number Market: dci accelerates evolution, network architecture upgrades boost demand, and the market size of the global data centre has steadily increased. In recent years, due to networking, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, etc.
Technological developments, with data centres becoming a critical infrastructure for businesses to store, process and manage large amounts of data, combined with the increasing demand for online services and content from users worldwide, including video streaming media, social media, e-commerce, have driven the expansion of global data centres. According to China ' s Information and Communications Institute data, the year 2017-2021 is global.
The size of the data centre market increased from $46.55 billion to $67.93 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 9.91 per cent over five years. The global data centre market is expected to increase further to $82.05 billion in 2023. idc predicts that global data will reach 175zb in 2025.
According to data from dell'oro, capital spending is projected to increase by 4% in 2023 and by 11% in 2024 for the global data centre. 2024q1 capital spending for five cloud giants overseas (Amazon, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Meta) is estimated to be $46.3 billion.
At the same time, the companies indicated that they would continue to increase their investment in the ai area, such as accelerating infrastructure investment in the Amazon to support the sustainable development of the ai, and continuing the iterative training of llama, in an effort to maintain the ai ' s leading position; Google released the gemini 1.5pro in February 2024.
Gemma Open Models, imagen Visuals, etc., and sustained investment in the development of aai infrastructure, the fifth generation of tpu and self-research axioncpu have been released to support the next generation of ai: Microsoft anticipates that capital spending will continue to grow significantly, that the ai infrastructure will continue to expand to support the growth of cloud demand, and that its azureai maintains the number of users and single users
The two-fold increase in expenditure, as at 2024q1,azurearc, with more than 33,000 users, is more than one-fold higher than the same increase, and the copilot cloud computing needs drive the upgrading of the network architecture. The traditional data centre computing network consists of access layers, convenor layers and core layers, dominated by North-South flows.
The requirements for network architecture have also been raised, the flow of East and West has gradually become the dominant mode within the data centre, the three-storey data centre architecture has been unable to meet the needs of cloud computing firms, and the spine-leaf data centre grid has been created. The spine-leaf network architecture has expanded access and convergence layers and significantly increased high performance computing.
The need to upgrade the network structure of the data centre to pull the light module increases. With rapid developments in cloud computing, big data, ultra-high viewing frequency, artificial intelligence, 5g industry applications, network access frequency and access are increasing.
The rapid growth of data flows poses a greater challenge to data-centre connectivity. In the case of the spaine-leaf structure, the typical light-to-data centre interface consists mainly of two types of interconnectivity between the data centre and the data centre, including server-to-tor-leaf, leaf-to-spine.
Even a larger share of the overall traffic distribution of the data centre increases the demand for high-speed, low-power, low-cost and smart light modules. In addition, the number of light modules used in the transmission of information has increased owing to the large number of connections to the network structure of the spaine-leaf data centre, and the number of light modules required for the network structure of the traditional three-storey data centres is around
Nine times the number of cabinets, while the number of light modules under the spine-leaf network is about 44 to 48 times the number of cabinets. The dgxa 100 set of network structures drive the demand for 200g light modules up. Under the A100 Superpod data central system, each of the 20 nodes in the a100 Superpod cluster is formed (su) and all nodes are taken.
The number of gpu chips per server in the dgxa100 cluster at seven su: 140 nodes is 8 and the supply of the whole cluster is 140 x 8 = 1120 chips. Based on a100+contentx6+qm8700 three-storey network structure, one: the number of cables in the second and third tiers is the same as in the first layer, corresponding to 200g light modules.
20 x 8 x 7 x 2 = 2240. Taken together, a100+contentx6+qm8700 network structures require 200g photomodule blocks 2240 x 3 = 6720 and the corresponding number of a100 with 200g light modules under 7 units is 1:6. Figure 32: dgxa 100 set of network structures drive 200g light module demand development
The supercomputer introduced the nvlink and nvlinkswitch program, carrying 256 gramehooper superchips, each with 32 800g interfaces, two floors of fat-treeto 800g module under the copper line scheme; overall, the ratio of 256 gh200 to 800g module corresponds to 1:9.
3.4.2 The telecommunications market: the telecommunications network continues to grow and operators focus on numeracy network investment. The total number of new stations has risen to the highest level since the construction of 5g throughout the year. In December 2023, the three major operators reached 1,373 million users of the 5g package. In December 2023, 5g mobile phones delivered 2,420.0 million units, or 85.6 per cent.
Figure 35: Increased number of users (millions) of the three major telecommunications operators, 5g, accelerated deployment of the “two gigabytes” policy and continued optimization of the network's basic capabilities. In March 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the “two gigabytes” of action plan for the development of the network (2021-2023), which proposes that by the end of 2021, the network will be fully operational
By the end of 2023, the network had the capacity to cover 400 million households, 10 g-pon and above.
More than 10 million broadband users have broken through 30 million households, and the 5g network has basically achieved regional and priority administrative village coverage at the township level and above, achieving the “two hundred” goal. In May 2023, 14 departments, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, issued a joint implementation opinion on further deepening the telecommunications infrastructure and sharing for the high-quality development of the “two gigabytes” network.
It is proposed that by the end of 2025, the joint construction of the telecommunications infrastructure will be improved, the level of shared work will increase significantly, and the “two gigabytes” network construction environment will be further optimized. By the end of 2022, the total length of the fibre-optic cable line in the country had reached 59,580,000 kilometres, a net increase of 4.7 million kilometres from the end of the previous year, resulting in the construction of 10 gpon ports with a capacity for services of several gigabytes.
Up to 15.23 million, an increase of more than 100 per cent over the end of the previous year. Omdia data show that the development of ftth infrastructure is gaining momentum in most countries, with global ftth household penetration projected to exceed 1.2 billion households by 2027; and the global pon equipment market is expected to exceed $18 billion by 2027.
Figure 37: Growing size of the pon equipment market Figure 36: Increasing proportion of broadband users over 100 m (%) 5g network structure drives the growth in demand for light modules. Base stations achieve wireless terminals and core networks as a side of wireless access
Interconnected equipment is the core of the wireless coverage of the 5g network. Compared to the 4g base station, the 5g base station reconfigures the bbu band processing module with the rru radio frequency remote unit, the original bbu function is integrated with thecu and du functional entities, and the original rru is merged with the antenna into the aau entity. The transmission route between the aau to du, cu, core network
The path is divided into three parts: front, center, and return. The forward is mainly based on lower speeds, such as 10g, 25g, light modules, with medium- and low-speed modules such as 50g, 100g, 200g, etc., with the highest speed of the return component, mainly 100g, 200g, 400g light modules.
The digital industry has developed, and capital spending on the arithmetic network has expanded. The telecommunication operator’s numeracy-related capital expenditure has continued to grow, and the 2023 financial statement shows that China spends $18.3 billion on mobile capital, of which 39.1 billion is spent on arithmetic capital.
This represents a steady increase of 21.69 per cent and is projected to be 47.5 billion yuan, or 21.48 per cent, in 2024; and 988 billion yuan, or 36 per cent, in 2023, for China ' s telecommunications, of which 35.6 billion yuan, or 36 per cent, is spent on industrial digitization, and 37 billion yuan, or 3.87 per cent, is projected for 2024.
The market share of the global telecommunications sidelight module from 2023 to 2025 is projected to reach 2,859 million, 3,122 million and 3,355 million United States dollars, or 10.47 per cent, 9.2 per cent and 7.46 per cent, respectively, at the same rate of growth, with a continuous 4 per cent light module product matrix, 800g/1.6t opening up new space for growth.
4.1. The company is rich in products, with multiple series of multiple rates covering multiple areas. Over 3,000 light module products, deep-dry data centres and telecommunications. By the end of 2023, the company had developed nearly 3,000 different models, high-quality, high-reliable light module products, covering a wide range of standards of communication.
Technical indicators such as network interfaces, transmission rates, wavelengths, etc., covering data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks, telecommunications transmission, fixed network access, smart power grids, security surveillance and surveillance. (1) In the data centre domain, the company is a small number of bulk deliveries in the country of 100g, 200g, 400g, 800g high in the data centre market.
Quick-ray modules, enterprises with high-speed luminator chip encapsulations and lightware encapsulations: (2) In the field of telecommunications, the Division has successfully developed and delivered in bulk a light module covering the 25g, 50g, 100g, 200g series of light-mode products, as well as those used for urban area networks, backbone networks and core network transmissions: in intelligence
In the field of grid power and security surveillance, companies can offer optical module solutions to their network service providers.
Msa's latest request, solid support for cmis 4.0 data centre, 400g with qsfp112400g or updated version, support for sr4, dr4, fr4 and lr4 hypernet, cloud computing network, etc.
Transfer interface to meet ultra-low power consumption requirements qsfp-dd400g series light module meets the latest requirements of osfp-ddmsa, solidware support
Data centre, 400g with cmis 4.0 or updated, supporting sr8, dr4, qsfp-dd400g
fr4 and lr4 transmission interfaces for ultra-low power consumption osfp400g series light modules for osfpmsa
latest requirements, solid support for cmis 4.0 or update of data centre, 400g in osfp400g version, support for sr8, dr4, fr4 and lr4 fly-over networks, cloud computing networks, etc.
qsfp 28-dd200g series light module meets the latest requirements of qsfp-ddmsa, solidware support
Data centre, 200g with cmis 4.0 or updated to support 2x100g qsfp-dd200g
Cwdm4 and lr4 transmission interfaces for hypernets, cloud computing networks, etc., to meet OSfp200g-series light modules for OSfpmsa
Supports dr4, fr4 and lr4 transmission interfaces, hypernets, cloud computing networks, etc.
qsfp56pam4200g series light module meets the latest requirements of osfp56msa, solidware support
cmis 4.0 or updated, supporting sr4, fr4 data centre, 200g with and lr4 transmission interfaces using 4x50g pam4 ultranets, cloud computing networks, etc. for 200g transmission, power interface support
200gaui-4 application of cfp2pam4200glr/er series photomodules combined with cfp2msa ' s latest requirements to support 212.200g Ethernet, 5g echo
5gbps10km/40km data transfer application, digital diagnostic function through mdio interface 4.2, Long-Year Deep Farming Modular Track, advance layout in area 1.6t
The company's technology is strong and the team is too hard to develop. The company has layouts in the areas of silicon light, lpo, dry light modules, 1.6t light modules. According to the company's announcement, the company has successfully launched the latest industry-based 800g/1.6t light module based on a single wave 200g light device.
vcsel/eml, LIQD 400g, 800g, 1.6t series of high-speed light module products, and 400g and 800gzr/zr+ associated light module products, as well as 400g/800g light product based on the lpo programme. Companies have established good cooperation with mainstream global communications equipment manufacturers, Internet manufacturers, 2023 companies
In addition, the company ' s 1.6t light module product is actively promoting sample testing by its customers. 4.3. Active expansion of production capacity. Global layouts create flexible supply chains. Firms actively expand production capacity, continuously optimize process processes, and expand profit-making space.
Production lines, mastering high-speed photochip wrapping and optical packaging techniques, have a wide variety of products. The internal efficiency of operations is continuously improved by means of process upgrades and improvements, standard operating times and standard use of materials, and design upgrades of traps and tools, reducing production cycles, reducing costs and increasing productivity.
According to company announcements, in 2023, the capacity of company point-to-point modules was 8.5 million, an increase of 640,000 from 2022. Only, by the end of 2023, the company’s Thai plant was officially operational in phase I, while Thai plant II was accelerating construction and was expected to become operational in 2024.
Step-by-step expansion and consolidation of the market position, we believe that companies are expected to benefit fully from the wave, that market shares may be increasing and profitability gradually increasing. 5.1. Profit forecasts and assumptions
The company, a small domestic company with a mass delivery capacity of 400g and 800g light modules, focuses on research and development, production and marketing of multiple types of high performance light modules and optical devices, and its products are widely used in the ict industry, such as data centres, telecommunications networks (fttx, lite and transmission), security surveillance and smart power grids, serving the global community.
Over 300 clients in more than 60 countries and regions, the latest 1.6 t-light module has been tested by a sample client. The light communication network is an important foundation and solid base for arithmetic networks, which are sustained by the demand for high-speed networks due to the development of artificial intelligence.
(1) Point-to-point module operations: With the rapid development of global ai and cloud computing and the rapid demand for high-speed light modules driven by arithmetic power, it is expected that the company's 400g and 800g high-speed products will be expected to continue to be rapidly released, the high-speed rates are relatively high at the beginning of the product and the business Māori rates are expected to increase further, and will continue to grow in the future as the industry chain matures.
1.6 t light module size deployment, with company point-to-point module operations expected to continue to benefit; (2) pon light module operations: 5g network construction is in a smooth period, demand in the telecommunications market is slowing, the industry ratio is or will be declining, product Māori ratio is stable and is expected to re-energize in the future with 5.5g, 6g commercial deployments
The demand for the pon light module underpins the demand for the telecommunications market. (3) The components and other operations: the wave in and out of the country is continuing, the light module industry chain is expected to remain high, the component business is expected to benefit, the business collection is expected to sustain growth and the product-rich ratio to be stable.
Revaluation analysis and investment rating Light communication network is an important foundation and a solid base for arithmetic networks that, with the rapid growth of artificial intelligence, both in and out of the country, generate a strong demand for high-speed light modules, and we pick middle-to-light, luminum magnets, and UT technology.
Three high-quality firms in the field of light in the country, as comparable companies, are leading companies in the head of the domestic light module, and for a few enterprises in the country with a mass delivery capacity of 400 g, 800 g light modules, deep-farming high-speed light modules and light devices for several years, the market position is high and is expected to continue to benefit from the development of the light communication market, and the market share is expected to increase further.
(1) The development of the light module business has fallen short of expectations and the construction of the global enterprise IT expenditure and data centre has fallen short of expectations. Increased industry competition or the underdevelopment of the downstream core household will affect the corporate business income as a whole.
The risk of supply chain stability The untimely supply of raw materials will increase to some extent the production costs of the company's products and have a negative impact on the level of profitability of the company.
If trade disputes between China and the United States escalate in the future and trade sanctions deepen, they will reduce demand for light module products, increase the difficulty of purchasing key raw materials and affect the profitability of companies.