The return on investment boosted strong performance, and the cash bond brought a new one-eye show, and the gold bond brings a new one-eye show.
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) event: Xinhua Insurance published a report for the first quarter of 2020, yielding operating income of $68.15 billion, +37.5 per cent, +4.35 billion, +37.7 per cent.
The weighted average net asset return was 5.39%, compared to 0.54 percentage points. >The investment return is better to pull 1q to the mother ' s net profit compared to +37.7%. >The Xinhua insurance q1 achieved operating income of 68.15 billion yuan, compared to 37.5%, the return net profit of 46.35 billion yuan, compared to +37.7%, performing better than the partner. >The investment asset sale price differentials result in investment returns of yoy + 80%, 2)
Increased revenue from services and reduced expenditure on payments and refunds, as well as adjustments to the discount rate of traditional reserves. >q1 silver policy boosts a new and bright performance. >q1 silver insurance policy boosts sales of annuity insurance and silver insurance during the quarter. q1 annual premiums (first year of long insurance + short-term insurance) of $22.5 billion, compared to 136 per cent, representing a substantial increase of 58.6 to 58.7 per cent in the first year of long insurance and a first year of Yoy + 13.4 per cent.
According to the channel, the premium is equal to +11.5 per cent, of which the premium is equal to +5614.3 per cent, the premium is equal to +20.1 per cent for the first year, the premium is equal to +145.3 per cent for the silver premium, the crediting of Nbvmargin to a high-predicted interest rate annuity and the increase in the sale of the silver bond will be a drag, and the company will focus on the accumulation of value in the second quarter, introducing high-value health and annuity insurance.
Investment returns remain robust. Investment assets in a quarter amount to $8,794 million, or +7 per cent. Total investment returns amounted to 5.1 per cent, or +0.9 percentage points. Corporate investment returns are capable of crossing interest rate cycles, deriving from 1) long-term liabilities (a liability that has passed over 13 years and a long-term gap continues to narrow), asset liabilities are better matched, 2) long-term national and local debts are pre-arranged in terms of consolidation, 3) untied assets are pre-positioned, equity investments are better invested, and equity investments are solidly invested in value.
The idea of capital, choosing low-value, high-scoring, and low-volatile varieties for layout. Investment rating: a major increase in the new bill in the first quarter, expected to continue to warm in the second quarter, with an improvement in the margin, resulting from 1) lower interest rate \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. continues to benefit from the sale of annuity insurance, 2) q2 agents ' rapid growth and normalization of the underline industry have led to continued improvement in the liabilities, 3) higher levels of margin cindasecuitiesco., ltd
The company’s current valuation is at a historically low level, and the current estimate of risk factors is: due to the impact of the epidemic, the agent’s recovery is not as fast as expected; the agent’s reduced capacity has led to a loss of people; and the capital market’s volatility has led to an investment gain.
The downside of interest rates will shrink the spread of fixed-rate instruments and affect accounting profits; and the 750-day downward shift will lead to an increase in reserves. Wang Xiaocheng, a master’s degree in corporate international finance at the University of Duren, United Kingdom, has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, and General Manager of the Hong Kong Leasing Operations Department, and has been employed in China-China as an offerr, and in Hong Kong-China-based securities.
Judinin, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Glasgow in the United Kingdom, worked in Taiwan’s Fu State Securities and Silver Securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for non-banking finance. Wang, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for non-bank finance.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.