Xinhua Insurance is growing exponentially and the return on total investment is rising inversely. Xinhua Insurance 1q achieved a net return profit of $4.64 billion by 2020, a 37.7 per cent increase from the previous year.
Insurance fees of $22.1 billion, an increase of 13.0 per cent over the same period, and the sale of “stable and profitable” pension insurance products through the silver insurance channel, which has contributed to an increase of 128,044 per cent in premiums. The sale of the annual insurance policy has contributed to a surge in the new bill, with the expected effective release of a guaranteed human capacity.
In the first year of long-term insurance, the premium was increased by 13.4 per cent over the same year, taking into account the company’s open-door owner’s interest in the annuity product, of which the silver insurance channel was the main channel for the new bill, with an increase of 693.9 per cent over the same period (13.06 billion yuan).
One insurance channel has grown by 19.4% (to reach $6.59 billion). One insurance channel has been squeezed over the other, and the value of the new business is expected to increase at a lower rate.
The negative return on total investment rose by 0.9 percentage points, and the net profits of contributing companies grew by 37.7 per cent over the same year, with the investment assets of 1q20 achieving $89,790 million, an increase of 7.0 per cent over the same year.
The sale price differential is expected to yield afs. The investment returns are increasing, and the net profits of contributing companies are being combined in size and value, and the old-age health strategy is being integrated into the new layout. The corporate strategy has been focused on size and value since the “two-time flight” was decided in 2019, as reflected in the expansion of the workforce and the premium scheme.
In the second quarter, emphasis is placed on improving the health-care manpower ratio and the new business value ratio, based on the size of the original manpower and premiums. The company integrates the old-age health strategy into the new layout, using the hksccnomineeslicited (HKC) as an agent.
The creation of health subsidiaries and industry schemes, which in the future will promote the advantages of health insurance products and the premium of guaranteed old-age insurance products, have increased less than expected; the double impact of market volatility on industry performance and valuation; the uncertainty of investment in risk companies brought about by lower interest rates; and the continuing uncertainty of the epidemic.
Bank of China International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.