Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh/1336.hk)
Xinhua Insurance issued a quarterly report with a 37.5 to 68.1 billion increase in corporate revenue in 1020, with a net gain of 37.7 to 4.6 billion. The 1q20 net gains grew rapidly, mainly as a result of better investment end performance (i.e. increased returns on asset-purchase differentials).
Insurance channels, new singles, boosted the overall increase of the premium by more than 30%. Corporate net gains increased by between 37.7% and 4.6 billion. 1q20 net gains grew rapidly, mainly from the investment end. Silver bond channels contributed the main increase. 1020 premium ends performed better than peers: they came from the premium.
See, in the context of the company ' s well-prepared and new insurance channel strategy (relaunching the silver bond channel, with an increase of 174 to 19.6 billion in the first year of long-term insurance, corresponding to an increase of 12.5 billion dollars, mainly contributing to the silver bond (an increase of $11.1 billion); and an increase of 7.0 per cent in the continuing premium.
The product mix goes to 36.2 billion. In 1020, Xinhua is the best performer in the public sector (a 13% increase in total premiums, 1.1% decrease in the protection of the nation, 2.4% decrease in the protection of the person, and 9.7% decline in safety).
To the impact of the epidemic, however, Xinhua 1q still expands faster on the end of the debt. When it enters the 2q, we think that companies may be gradually increasing their investment in security insurance, while increasing overall value, institutional investors account for a share of the liquidity.
The company’s overall return on investment was 5.1%, while yoy’s increase by 0.9 pct was equally better than his partner’s performance, mainly as a result of the company’s realization of part of the return on investment at 10 and an increase in the return on the price differential on investment assets.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: Looking ahead, we believe that, as the domestic epidemic is largely under control, agents will gradually resume their careers and increase their numbers, and the premiums as a whole will improve marginally. But we should also continue to trouble the venture capital, mainly through new asset allocation and maturing assets.
Xinhua. After the new management took office at the end of last year, the expected remuneration of 1q2020 (expected return; er) will be as follows: This report is prepared by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to prior notice. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may have an opinion or stand on the attestation described in this report, i., or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report.