Launching of a draft equity incentive, multiple examinations to boost the backbone, December 09, 2021, Chai Ka Fai.
Xie Zhentung, Research Assistant, event: 8 December 2021, State Electric Swe released the 2021 Restricted Stock Incentives (draft), to be awarded to a total of 1,300 persons, including company directors, executives, core cadres, etc.
Shares, awarded in the amount of 39.7 million shares, linked to net profit, rue, economic value added, etc. Incentives for the current period continue the idea of first incentive on unlocking conditions, with no less than 14% for each of the four unlocked periods and no less than 75 points for the label companies; 2) R&D costs & deductions of net profit from non-mortality compared to 2020
The cagr is not less than 5/10 per cent, and the net profit from non-repatriation is not less than 5 times the average net profit from non-repatriation for 18 enterprises, including Eastern Electric (if fluctuations in the annual performance of the label lead to a significant weakening of the comparability, the board may delete and replace the sample under the shareholder assembly ' s authority); 3) the economic value added is equal to the average profit from non-repatriation.
Requirements are greater than zero. 4) The share of the restricted shares of the target audience is subject to individual performance appraisals. Companies are expected to bring structural opportunities in the light of new power systems in a bicarbonic context, and are expected to benefit in the direction of hyperpressure, network intelligence, digitization, and so on.
In the context of large-scale access to sources, changes in load structure, massive penetration of electrical and electronic equipment, we believe that the focus of investment in the grid will be on the construction of grid racks (e.g. ultra-high-voltage straight currents), network intelligence (to deal with distributed power sources and new loads), digitization (movement control systems, communications) and pumping water energy.
The company’s operations, despite their complexity, are expected to benefit fully from the structural changes in investment in the country’s network: (a) information communications, super-pressure, core devices (igbt), dispatch software, etc.
Quarterly reviews: q3 meets expectations, new grids  profitability projections and investment ratings: based on the firm position of the company's power secondary equipment, we maintain the company's 2021-
Heading steady 2021-11-03 Annual performance forecast: steady increase in revenue orders, improved profitability and higher profit margins
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board