Three-quarterly review 2021: q3 meets expectations, new power grid, November 03, 2021.
The research assistant, Chelsea Chul Dynasty, achieved 23,232 million yuan, or 15.59 per cent, in the reporting period, and realized a net return profit, of which the higher rates of Maori follow-up and soft plate growth were faster, contributing positively to the rate of Maori, and I
If the cost increases at a slower rate than the rate of revenue growth, and the company controls the repayments, the credit impairments are reduced on the same basis, and the credit impairment + asset impairments are partially reduced, a positive contribution of $87 million has been made.  This year’s grid investment is expected to grow steadily, moving in the context of double carbon, new power systems, electricity distribution, etc.
There are structural growth opportunities, such as super-high-pressure straight currents. In 2021, the grid is planned to invest $473 billion, which we expect to maintain steady growth in total investment in the grid.
Access, new demands on the grid. In this context, we expect to face structural growth opportunities in areas such as dispatching, power distribution, ultra-high voltage flow, storage capacity, and secondary infrastructure and grid intelligence investments are expected to account for a higher share of grid investment.
▪ Extranet operations are growing faster than the network, and follow-up and flexible, and telecommunications operations are growing faster. On a downstream basis, the off-grid operations of 2021q1-3 are increasing faster than those of the grid, mainly power secondary equipment packages for new energy generation companies and the sale of electrical electronic equipment such as Svg.
See, we estimate a smooth growth in grid automation and engineering controls, where movement control, security stability, electricity use, distribution networks, etc., are expected to benefit in the future from the structural opportunities created by the construction of new power systems; relay, protection and flexible direct transmission of electricity, which are growing rapidly due to the confirmation of supermarket expectations by ultra-high-pressure orders; and gbt entry.
1 National Electric Swe (600406): The year 2021 was a good one; electricity automation and information and communication were also growing faster, benefiting from the future of the grid smartness.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on the firm position of the company ' s power secondary equipment, we maintain the annual performance forecast: steady increases in revenue orders, improved profitability, higher profits ahead of market forecast
3. " State Electric Swe (600406): 21q1 point rating: a steady increase in income from a steady increase in hand orders, a revival of q1 performance, a steady increase in profit from 2021o3, an increase in profit rates on a year-on-year basis with a reduction in efficiency gains, and a higher increase in net return profits than income.
The overall Māori rate has stabilized and net interest rates have increased significantly under efficiency gains. The Māori rate of 2021q1-3 increased faster than the higher Māori rate by 28.38 per cent, contributing positively to the Māori rate, while we estimate that the major business boards are heavily controlled by the company, that the credit impairment has decreased on a year-on-year basis, and that part of the impairment has been reversed, and that credit impairment + asset impairments have been reduced.
This year, investment in the grid is expected to grow steadily, with structural growth opportunities in the context of double carbon, new power systems, power distribution, ultra-high currents, etc. In 2021, the grid is planned to invest $473 billion, or 3%, and 2021.
In this context, we expect to face structural growth opportunities in areas such as dispatching, distribution, high voltage, storage, etc., as well as secondary equipment and grid intelligence.
Investments are expected to account for a higher share of investment in the grid. In the first three quarters, the off-grid operation grew faster than in-grid operations, mainly the second-time electrical appliance for the new energy generation industry and the rapid increase in the sale of electrical electronic equipment, such as svg.
The construction of new power systems is expected to benefit from future structural opportunities: relay protection and flexible direct transmission: rapid growth due to supermarket confirmation of ultra-high-voltage orders, good progress in igbt: electricity automation and information communications are growing at a faster rate than the electricity grid.
Within this, sales, management (including R & D), R & D, profit projections and investment proposals: based on the firm position of the company's power secondary equipment, we maintain the company 2021-07%.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board