The contribution of the new production line reduction was significant, with a peak in 2019 and a fall in the prices of high-impact new production and hedge products, with annual performance stable: influenced by a well-known policy of 531, the price of photovoltaic glass fell sharply in 2018, and the price of q3 was lower than at the beginning of the year.
High-point falls by 35 per cent, and despite a rebound in prices at the end of the year, the average annual sales price has fallen over 2017, and the melting of new production lines has doubled production capacity, while the average production cost has been reduced by about 10 per cent compared to 2017, effectively ploughing down product prices, thus supporting the year's earnings to remain stable.
1. Photovoltaic Glass Dragonhead, Capacitation Releases Reboot Growth - The company will rise in 2019 to a full price of photovoltaic glass: the price of photovoltaic glass has rebounded since 2018q4, increased by the end of the year and again substantially increased by 10 per cent in March of this year, despite our earlier expectations
Prices of photovoltaic glass will rise in 2019, but they will continue at a faster pace than expected. Based on the year-round dynamics in the supply of and demand for photovoltaic glass macros (supply + 15%vs. demand + 25-30%) and the current micro-stock situation of enterprises, we expect that there will be room for increasing glass prices during the year.
In 2019, a 1,000-ton production line will contribute to total annual production, while two more q2 and q4 production lines are expected to be operational this year, with the company expected to grow by more than 50% in glass sales throughout the year, with a long extension cycle, excellent competitive patterns, accelerated double-face penetration, and a high light glass in 2020:
As a result of the one-and-a-half-year expansion cycle in the glazing industry, the potential for new production in 2020 is largely clear (by about 20 per cent): and as two industry leaders move towards new production capacity, industry concentration will continue to increase, and industry's double oligarchy will expand further.
2.5/2.0 mm thin glass prices are gradually rationalized; 2) battery thinning trend is accelerating; 3) back-side power generation is widely validated for actual power station applications; penetration of two-sided power generation components will be accelerated so that the demand for photovoltaic glass will continue to grow faster than that of the additional photovoltaic loader, based on the annual compound increase in the number of new loads.
By 20%, the demand for photovoltaic glass is expected to increase by 100% in three years. So the photovoltaic industry is expected to continue at about the rate of this year’s high in 2020. (8621) 61357595
(h) Stock prices correspond only to 10/7 xpe in 2019/20, maintaining the h “buy-in” rating. Global penetration of additional installed units, or double-faced power generation components, or build-up of a company’s capacity are not as fast as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment