The company is currently the leading glass manufacturing enterprise in the country, operating mainly in the development, production and sale of photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass and household glass, as well as in the mining, marketing and construction of the epc photovoltaic power plant for the glass quartz mine, of which photovoltaic glass is the company ' s most important product. (1) In 2006, the company became the first in the country to break the international giant ' s technological and market monopoly on photovoltaic glass through autonomous research and development.
The company is at the forefront of the industry in key technologies, such as photovoltaic glass formulations, production processes, and self-exploitation control. The company was one of the first companies to enter the photovoltaic industry and one of our standard setters. (2) The company has established and maintained long-term and stable partnerships with well-known domestic and foreign photovoltaic components.
The component companies have established stable sales channels and long-term partnerships with a large number of world-renowned photovoltaic component manufacturers, such as Crystal Energy, the Han China Group, Sunpower, Zhao and Shell oil. In addition to its customers, the company has established and maintained long-term business relations with home glass customers, which have been adopted by the company since 2005.
A large cross-country retailer, Sweden, was certified as a qualified and stable supplier in the IKEA global supply chain. (3) According to a certificate issued by the China Building Glass and Industrial Glass Association in February 2018, the company currently has 3,290 tons of solar photovoltaic glass melted daily, ranked second in the domestic industry, with a market share of about 15.5%, and a further 1,200 tons of high-quality floating glass per day.
(4) The company has a good brand image in the industry, with high visibility and market influence. A number of national logos have also applied the company's photovoltaic glass products, such as the 2008 Chinese Olympics main house, Bird's nest, the 2010 Shanghai World Expo theme house, and so on.
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.