German shares (605117.sh) Mechanical and other specialized machinery (ii)
Reverse transformers drive higher profits, saves a series of micro-reverse combinations, and captures global markets. Against a backdrop of global invertor markets, companies are keen to capture the industry’s winds and successfully grasp the potential need for reverse transformers.
Opportunities such as the rapid expansion of the micro-reverse market have actively promoted the expansion of the inverter business. The year-round sale of the inverter was 13.83 million units, generating business income of RMB 395,680.14 million, or 66.44% of the business income, which was higher than the previous year. Of this, the storage inverter generated sales income of RMB 241,835.64 million (with a sales volume of 29.9 million), which is insignificant.
The company ' s profitability has improved significantly, leading to a significant increase in the company ' s overall Māori ratio from 22.95 per cent last year to 38.03 per cent.
In terms of product structure, higher-value reserves and micro-reversible business income have increased by 354.19%, 657.95% and become the company’s main source of goods.
The company is constantly increasing its R & D investment to introduce storage battery teams to drive innovation in response to changing market demand. The company ' s R & D teams are focusing on product differentiation strategies to continuously scale up R & D and upgrade existing products and introduce more market-friendly, performance-friendly and quality-friendly products.
The R & D team takes the lead in producing technology downscales, in line with the company’s streamlined management and product line layout.
This has been accompanied by cost savings, increased capacity utilization, increased competitiveness of product markets, and the use of high value for money to take advantage of the market, which has led to growth in business size and efficiency.
Investment proposals: The firm's inverter business is still at a high rate of growth, and the company's product mix is rich in the number of firms within the industry that have less to do with the three inverters synergizing and driving. Global energy demand continues to grow, energy reserves are being fully released, policy benefits are being built up, and companies are competitive in the light-storage sector.
Joe's velvet doubles, first covers, gives a "buy-a" investment rating.