Performance has improved significantly, with storage capacity and micro-reverse growth, followed by a net return to the mother of 1,535 million yuan, or +187.84%. The high growth in corporate performance throughout the year was largely due to the continuing high demand in Europe and the United States, the expansion of the company’s marketing channels, and the high rate of growth in the storage of energy, micro-reverse, and so on.
Quarterlyly, in 22 years, q4 companies earned $1,882 million, compared to +65.23 per cent and the ring to +10.71 per cent;
Dom Young-kang, Kwok Yin-Tek Won, +30.65%, 24,690,000, +15%. Microreverses are used and aligned and fast-tracked.
Speed off functions can eliminate the security risks associated with high pressure, and countries now attach great importance to photovoltaic safety, with policies and regulations in place to encourage the improvement of photovoltaic safety standards. Increases in the growth of the photovoltaic industry, combined with microreverse penetration, will lead to a rapid expansion of the microreverser market, projected by Woodmackenzie in 2025.
It is expected to reach 29.41gw, with a penetration rate of 16.4 per cent.
\triangleright invests in R & D at $287 million, i.e. + 116% of the year.
The storage of new products is accompanied by an updating of the original product, with the storage inverter power extending to 3kw-100kw and the cluster inverter power extending to 1.5kw-136kw. The company’s research and development team is structured around product differentiation strategies, high product and market suitability, product performance and quality, and the research and development team leads the product.
In addition, the company has already made arrangements for storage of battery products, and in February 23, the German Bos-g series of high-pressure lithium batteries showed up in Spain 1. German shares (605117.sh) in the three-quarters of 2022.
The genera 2023 exhibition, which uses easy and fast plug-in, i.e. embedded design, has a battery capacity range of 20.48kwh to 61.44kwh, supports the ultra-wide working temperature range from 20°C to 55°C, meets the requirements of extreme environmental conditions and meets the growing demand for household and storage energy.
Investment proposal: due to higher than expected storage capacity, lower-reversible delivery capacity and potential for new inverter operations, higher follow-up storage capacity and low-reversibility sustainability of battery products
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.