It's clear that the equity incentive is a sign of confidence, and the new material is a guarantee of long-term development.
The company issued an announcement that it expected to implement the draft restrictive equity incentive scheme for 2021, the shares to be awarded, the company as a coal-chemical pole company, with clear cost and energy consumption advantages, continuously planning new projects, marching into new materials such as lithium, degradable plastics, protecting the company from long-term development, and seeing the company grow.
For the first time, 10.6 million shares were awarded, including the company’s core, in addition to the company’s directors and executives.
There are 179 technical, operational, managerial, and skilled cadres with a wide range of coverage. The interests of each employee at a price are more closely integrated with the long-term development of the company and shareholders, and the staff is fully mobilized in terms of their productivity and creativity.
Performance appraisals are clearly targeted and demonstrate corporate confidence in development: in response to this equity incentive scheme, the company has set sound evaluation targets, including performance and dividends. The performance appraisal targets are at value levels. The equity incentive has three release periods, each awarded to a restricted stock.
24, 36, 48 months from the date of registration, annual performance evaluation and lifting of sales restrictions to meet the incentive target of performance evaluation, with a rate of one third each. In addition, the incentive audience also calculates the release factor based on the individual performance assessment indicator.
The new projects are progressing well and future performance growth is assured: the company has increased its efforts in recent years and is moving towards the new materials sector, with the company's 1666 million tons of QAQ in February and the gradual release of capacity; the company's coal ethanol installation technology was converted to 300,000 tonnes/dmc/year in October
In addition to this, the following companies are building projects, of which 300,000 tons of ammonium and nylon materials are already in the process of production.
During this phase, 200,000 tons of production devices, such as nylon 6 slices, are expected to come into production in the first half of next year; the nylon 66 high-end new materials project, with an investment of 3,078 million yuan, is expected to be completed by 2023; the 1.2 million tons of degradable plastics project, with an investment of 4.4 billion yen, is expected to be completed by 2023; and the construction of 1,031 million yuan is expected to be high
The End Solvent Project, after delivery in 2023, is expected to increase the capacity of dimethyl carbonate by 300,000 tons, methyl ethyl carbonate by 50,000 tons, and the company ' s early deployment of $11.5 billion to build the second base in Hubeizhou, where the elements are now being implemented successively.
A step-by-step start, with the prospect of a new Wallau that will guarantee medium- and long-term development once the construction is completed. Profit forecasting: We maintain a profit forecast that the company is expected to realize net profits by 2021/2022.2023, with a pre-a share price of 9/9 times. Given the firm’s cost advantage, profitability is stable.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.