On 9 October, the company issued an announcement that the 300,000 tonnes/year antiamide project was being tested for production, carbonate dichloride.
The ester enhancement technology improvement project has been completed. The Alamine and nylon new materials project has been gradually put into production, further optimizing the structure of the industrial chain.
The multi-product layout and the scale-up of the previous segment of production is an extension of the company ' s original concept of production operations, with the same benzene, the downstream extension of synthetic gas as a feedstock, the expansion of the size of the peer production device, the realization of a scale effect based on continuous process optimization, and the expansion of a single industry chain of downstream multi-product fabrics
The Bureau can further spread the risk of price volatility of products in the existing industrial chain and stabilize overall profitability. 1. Multi-product resonance profitability performance is excellent, new materials extend, carbonate dimethyl esters technology adaptation projects are put into operation, providing a good basis for the company ' s new material field layout.
On the one hand, it will expand the size of the company's existing niche products and further highlight the company's advantages in the area of the layout of the platform with a marked increase in the price of the product and its elasticity; on the other hand, it will need to build on the existing infrastructure of the industrial chain to provide new material access.
This project is an important step in the development of the new material sector through the company's existing ethanol industry.
The basis of the chain layout to achieve efficient use of existing product lines for multiple types of products and to spread the risk of a single product; on the other hand, carbonate dimethyl esters can assist companies to gradually extend to new material areas, adapting to materials for 4.
For carbonate dimethyl ester products, the company maintains a consistent and robust style, similar to ethanol, through a forward phase.
The stabilization of production processes and devices for small-scale devices, further modifications to scale up and reduce production costs, can provide the basis for the production of large-scale devices by ensuring their efficient and stable operation and high-quality production of products, with the help of front-loaded devices, extreme layout customer channels.
The company’s two main installations were put into operation, continuing the company’s orderly and robust development style, while also providing a good basis and transition for the company’s long-term deployment of material end-of-end configurations. In the case of niche products, the company was further developed through the second base layout; in the area of new materials, building on it.
The existing industrial chain continues to make technological breakthroughs and, in a consistent and robust fashion, the company is expected to have a Chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn
yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn Winter energy consumption control and environmental governance affect the overall supply of the industry; construction of the second base has not progressed as expected; the impact of policy changes; and the risk of large fluctuations in raw materials and products.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment