The new project's layout is expected to lead to a higher level of profitability.
Warlu Heunglion published 3-quarter reports in 2021: 18.235 billion yuan in operating income in the 1st to 3rd quarter of the company, Yoy+101.64 per cent in modern industrial enterprises with multi-occupational associations, 5.612 billion yuan in net profit to the mother, yoy+334.84 per cent in the 3rd quarter of the company.
Acids and derivatives, adipic acids, intermediates, etc.. Companies have built clean gasification, synthesizing, and “More companies rely on clean gas technologies to continuously improve the integrated use of resources, making full use of more than one”.
Lines, which are a flexible multi-purpose business model for the circular economy, will allow companies to switch production in a timely manner, depending on the market conditions of each product.
The operating model, which allows the long-cycle and efficient operation of the production apparatus, leads to the production and sale of the product, promotes the upgrading of traditional productive capacities and the active development of the Synthetic Division's profitability has increased significantly.
Underground deep processing projects, integrated with the petrochemical downstream production chain, build up high-end new material plates. At the revenue end, the prices of major products have gone up, and the company’s performance has continued to rise significantly in the last three quarters.
The general increase in the prices of industrial products and the increase in the contribution of new production of some products, the release of new production capacity for the benefit of organamine, adipic acids and intermediates in the first three quarters in terms of corporate fertilizer and sales, respectively, with an increase in total equity/currenta shares (million shares)
At the profit end, raw material price hikes the level of a single-season round ratio, but the ability to manage costs over time keeps the overall profit high. On the raw material side, the price of the company’s main raw material, coal, benzene market ring, increased significantly by 30%, especially coal, and led to the company’s three-quarter-quarter single-season rate.
In terms of the cost of the period, the percentage point of the company’s cost. In terms of profitability, the net interest rate for the first three quarters remained high, demonstrating the company’s ability to achieve “multiline” efficiency gains.
The two-base layout identifies the growth path of the company. The company’s core competitiveness – production performance – has not changed significantly, and its ability to regulate has remained more profitable in the overall climate of the chemical industry. The company is now entering a new cycle of growth, and the company, on the one hand, is based in Texas.
Implementation of new project construction, upgrading of old project technology and storage of follow-up items such as new energy sources, degradable plastics and extension of the industrial chain; on the other hand, the company has seized the opportunity to create a second base in the state, and the conditions are now in place, the construction of the project is gradually starting, and the construction of the new base is medium- and long-term for the company.
Development is important, opening up room for corporate growth. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: companies take full advantage of the “one-line” revolving economy’s soft, multi-yielding economy, constantly increasing their efficiency capabilities, while increasing corporate profitability through future new products.
Capability. Based on three quarterly reports, we adjust the company ' s profit projections accordingly, and we predict that the company is the source of financial growth in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Hualu Heungl (600426): Profitability remains high, and new projects are expected to produce new amounts. Liu Woo-dao has eight years of research experience in the chemical industry.
The chemical industry ranks second in the first three As. The researcher’s own opinion.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.