On December 22, the company released a restrictive stock incentive scheme, which includes directors, executives, and the public.
190 people, including the Division’s core technical, operational, managerial and skilled cadres, were awarded 10.6 million shares, and the company’s equity incentive scheme continued to be advanced, enabling the company to increase its staff motivation in the course of future projects. Since the beginning of the year, the company has continued to plan and build new projects, with the introduction of an organamine project.
In the future, it is expected that projects such as the nylon 6, degradable plastics, nylon 66, new energy materials, etc., will be built and will be put into production, and that, on the basis of the original base, the construction of the second base in the north of the lake will require not only the company's further upgrading of scientists.
Reviewing Production, Coal Prices Impacting the Development and Incentives of Cost Profiters, also needs to continue building on existing operating management advantages. The company has been promoting equity incentives, and the launch of this equity incentive scheme is expected to continue to boost the company’s workforce.
“New projects are operational, new materials are well-structured, providing incentives for companies to continuously deploy new projects and enhance their performance.” Confidence in the company’s continued development is highlighted by benchmarking revenue and pre-tax dividends.
2021103. "Multi-product resonance profit performance, new material growth, $34.1 billion. The overall figure remains high, with a total of $18.2 billion in the first three quarters of the year, meaning that the overall collection for the next year can be sustained in the current high price scenario.
The average single-quarter level in the first three quarters of the year, if met in 2022, would mean a new item for the company.
The company’s profit center has moved up, and is expected to benefit from a double upturn in performance and valuation in the future. This year, the company’s urea, acetic acid, and organamine are profitable, and will be affected by an optimal industry pattern.
It is expected to remain at a good level of profitability, with cyclical fluctuations reduced, and companies are expected to achieve a two-way upturn in performance and valuation beyond growth constraints. At this stage, companies will have a profit margin for pre-earlier high-profit products in a state of rising coal costs.
Chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn yangyiying@gjzq.com.cn
The winter energy consumption control and environmental governance affect the overall supply of the industry; the construction of the second base has not progressed as expected; the impact of policy changes; and the risk of large fluctuations in raw materials and products.