On October 27, the company issued a three-quarterly report, yielding $18.235 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase.
A hundred million yuan, representing an increase of 117 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 1.811 billion yuan in the same year, representing an increase of 368 per cent in the same year. Conventional repairs affect the volume of products sold, and the yield ratio is almost equal.
Okay, with the sales of fertilizers and polyols at about 17 per cent and 33 per cent below, respectively, and other products, including organamine and acetic acid, also showing a small decline, but affected by the overall price rise of the product, the overall level of the company's revenue has remained relatively stable, but the prices of raw materials and coal have risen significantly, and the raw materials are the originals of the product as a whole.
“New projects are operational, new materials are well structured, material costs are up and running, and the overall unit fixed costs are up slightly, and the company has nearly doubled the price of the company's main raw materials coal, but the company's overall profitability is maintained.
At a good level, while companies continue to implement their own cost optimization requirements, at the same time, the company's main 3. "A significant increase in the price of products, their flexibility and efficiency, and the emergence of stronger policy barriers to niche products within the constraints of policies such as national energy consumption control, etc. "
In a situation where raw material prices have risen significantly, they can be carried out downstream through a good shift in the overall supply and demand pattern. 20217g4. "A significant increase in the profitability of products, coupled with robust and price transfer, predicting the future, even in the context of a larger reversal of raw material prices, in the context of energy consumption control.
The overall downward pressure on the profitability of existing products is also relatively limited.
Stretch. We divided the company’s main products into gasification, which provides the “li-based products” of the main raw material costs, and key products of the industrial chain that have a high degree of association with petrochemicals. And the company has a good grasp of the industry characteristics of the two types of products, using industrial barriers such as urea, synthetic ammonia, acetic acid, etc.
Bases, gradually stabilizing profits and consolidating the level of profit base; and in key products in the industrial chain, there is a constant build-up of a variety of products such as herbic acids, the nylon series, the dmc series, the degradable material series, the extension of the industrial chain layout, the formation of material extension, and the upgrading of the future development space.
At this stage, the company will have a profit margin for pre-earing high-profit products in a state of increased coal costs or a chenyi3@gjzg.com.cn
yangyiying@gjzg.com.cn Winter energy consumption control and environmental governance affect the overall supply of the industry; second base construction is not progressing as expected; policy changes impact; and there is a risk of large fluctuations in raw materials and products.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment