The new materials project is coming into operation and will continue to develop in the first three quarters of 2021.
In the third quarter of 2021, performance met expectations. The company issued an announcement that it had achieved business income of $183.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2021, representing an increase of 101.64 per cent in the same year; and that it had achieved net profits of $5.61 billion for shareholders in listed companies, and that it had evaluated and adjusted its projections for three quarters in comparison with Warlusing.
18.6 per cent, in addition to the impact of the rising prices of raw materials, on 6 August the company began a 20-day parking overhaul of a gas-emitting unit and a sub-product production unit, which is expected to affect revenues of about $400 million.
Three-quarter fertilizer revenues of $3.087 billion, a 24 per cent increase in comparison with the previous period, were mainly the result of the increase in the price of urea. Organamines were accepted for 100,000 tons of dmf a year. A 2.74 billion yuan was earned for the adipic acids and the intermediates, a 225 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to the commissioning of the company ' s vinyl diacetic projects on 19 February 2021 and the doubling of the production capacity of the adipic acids.
Derivative revenues increased significantly by 160 to 2,507 million yuan, mainly because the average price of acetic acid increased by the same amount in the first three quarters, and new material projects were being put into production and developed into a new phase. The company issued an announcement on 9 October that the carbonate dimethyl (dmc) production improvement series had been put into operation and that the installation package (formerly 500,000 tons of ethanol production) was expected to be fully operational.
The Dmc downstream is used mainly for lithium cell electrolysis fluids, pc, etc. In addition, among the company’s new material projects, ammonium and nylon 6 slices, 300,000 tons of ammonium sulfide level 480,000 have also been introduced into the process and are in a trial production phase. The project is based on benzene and hydrogen.
Material, major construction of cyclohexol, cyclohexone, and agneamide devices, coupled with the construction of dioxyhydrate and sulphuric acid units. 200,000 tons of nylon 6 slices are currently under construction and are expected to be in production in the first half of 2022. No, according to the findings of the Shandong Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Commission project, the company ' s new project also includes a cost advantage based on the cost advantage of hydrazol.
The company’s first phase of a new base in Qingzhou has invested not less than RMB 10 billion. The CEP report shows its integrated synthetic gas use project as the c1 industry chain, including synthetic ammonia, urea, acetic acid,
The project’s elements are now being implemented successively, and the project’s construction has begun. The construction of the new county base is expected to significantly increase corporate profitability and ensure long-term growth.
“Waluhing up: chemical fertilizer prices, new material layout, changes in the macroeconomic situation, new company projects under production and prices of chemical fertilizer products falling sharply.” “Waluhing up: fertilizer prices are up, new bases are secure.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.