The performance of the first three quarters was in line with expectations, and the ban or acceleration of the replacement of national production was announced on October 13, 2022. The performance of the third quarter of the first three quarters was in line with expectations, and the national replacement continued to drive the release of performance.
1) Companies continue to increase their R & D investment, promote product upgrading and new product development, raise the prices of older companies compared to the 300-year-old trend client penetration rate, and actively expand new customers.
(b) Accelerator of national production, with company eda technology at the top of the country, leading eda workers such as simulation of the full process and digital point tools, profit end, company net return profit of $100 million to $116 million in the first three quarters of 2022, a year-on-year increase
Part of the non-recurrent gains and losses are still not accounted for; (2) with the increased urgency of the demand for national production substitution, the share of proceeds from sales in the eda is expected to increase, thereby optimizing the Māori rate; and (3) the continued investment of companies in R & D, which is likely to raise the cost of R & D.
• Overseas restrictions are expected to accelerate the release of domestic demand, and the eda leader is expected to take the lead.
14nm, gaa new process-related eda software is also banned; in October, the United States again introduced full-scale controls on our semi-carriers, super-counting, etc. In 2021, 80% of our eda supply came from three major overseas eda firms, behind which international competition for technology has intensified and national production has become more pressing.
The company accounts for about 6% of the country’s eda market and is the first home-grown eda enterprise.
The company’s market share in the area of eda is firmly at the top of the home-grown eda enterprise. We believe that the company’s collection is home-grown, while it is home-grown as the only country with a full-scale analogue circuit and digital power.
Businesses that have made breakthroughs in the computer sector, which are expected to benefit first in the context of accelerated national production substitution, and, consequently, Corporate Stocktaking, which has outperformed expectations in the first half of the year,
In-country chip designs and manufacturers work in depth to create eda product ecology, expanding technology and product excellence for catalytic accelerated development (2021-08-241) have failed to meet expectations for research and development; 2) policy support has fallen short of expectations; and 3) product delivery has fallen short of expectations.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein will change in any way. The information and comments in the report are only for information purposes. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.