q3 performance is growing steadily, and the eda has accelerated the replacement of national production 26 October 2022.
The net profit from non-mortality is 25 million yuan. q3 battalion revenue has grown steadily, and the Māori rate has remained high. In the third quarter of 2022, corporate revenue has stabilized \triangleright
New products are being introduced, with eda taking the lead in replacing national production. Companies, as domestic eda leading companies, \triangleright has been tasked with replacing eda tools with national production. New products have been introduced in recent times, in the field of radio frequency circuit design and crystallization.
In the manufacturing area, 3 new products for eda were introduced: (1) a full-flow tool for RF circuit design eda, and two core point tools were launched.
In the field of eda, a radio frequency circuit simulation tool and a radio frequency device modelling tool have been introduced. The radio frequency circuit simulation tool provides a comprehensive radio frequency analysis function that meets the simulation needs of radio frequency and microwave circuit design, while the simulation tool has high accuracy and parallel high speed features that provide good user experience.
A study by the New Unit for the Nine Days (301269.sz) of China: The national modelling tool focuses on the various stages of extraction of RF model parameters and can be widely applied to processes, model extraction of various RF devices, such as the cos process, the semiconductor process of compounds, etc.
(2) Introduction of a heavy-pound crystal-crystal manufacturing point tool. In the area of crystal-made eda, the company has introduced a photo-covering model layout design tool. The tool automatically generates a photo-covering template framework and optimizes the crystal-crystal layout to obtain optimal utilization, providing a complete and efficient solution to the photo-covering layout design.
(3) In addition, the company's physical verification tool has made a technological breakthrough and has been upgraded to allow for a better filling of the requirements for the design of the full memory and the design of the image sensor, with the prospect of future creation of the full process for the design of the memory and \triangleright
A million dollars in cash buys 100% of cytotech. Cythrotech is engaged in the development of storage/ip-specific extraction tools, which are one of the key link tools in digital design and crystal-crystal manufacturing. Cythrotech is a leading industry with complementarities and synergies with the company’s existing products, which is expected to enhance corporate identity.
The company constantly enriches the product lines of the eda tool, gradually completes the digital set-up and the crystal-crystal manufacturing of the eda toolboard, which is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The company, as the leader of the domestic eda, replaces the national production of the eda tool, or has long-term growth, is rated for the first time and is given a “recommended” rating. The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.