Three-quarterly reports meet expectations, and the merger and purchase accelerates the completion of the entire eda process. On 24 October, China released its third quarter report for 2022.
• The first three quarters of performance is in line with expectations, with national production replacing continued promotion of performance release $216 million, an increase of 33.2 per cent over the same period, mainly attributable to: 1) the continued increase in corporate R & D investment, the promotion of product upgrading and new product development, the improvement of the penetration rate of older clients, and active outreach
New clients; 2) Country-owned replacement acceleration, with company-eda technology at the top of the country, with the first benefits of leading eda tools such as simulation of the full process and digital dot tools. At the profit end, companies achieved a net return profit of $113 million in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 46.9%; q3
Quarterly net return of 72 million yuan, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same period, mainly attributable to: 1) 80 million yuan in government grants recorded as non-recurring gains and losses at the beginning of the year to date; 2) sustained and increased investment in R & D by corporate M & D in the first three quarters of 2022, with the introduction of new products
In the field of radio frequency circuit design eda, the company has introduced radio frequency circuit simulation and radio frequency device modelling tools. In this, radio frequency circuit simulation tools have high accuracy and parallel high speed features that meet the simulation needs of radio frequency and microwave circuit design; radio frequency
The device modelling tool focuses on the various components of the radio frequency model parameters that can be used for model extraction in cmos crafts, compounds semiconductor processes, etc. In crystal circle manufacturing eda, the company pushes out the photo mask layout design tool, which automatically produces the photo mask template framework and optimizes it.
In addition, the company's physical validation tool is technologically enabled to break through, improve performance and better meet the needs of storage design and image sensor design.
On October 18, the company announced its intention to replace the top-up countries with 10 million dollars in cash for nine days.
The acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares of Xerox Technologies Ltd. and the signing of the related acquisition agreement, after which the target company became a fully-owned subsidiary of Shenzhen for nine days and was included in the company ' s consolidated statements.
DST is involved in the development of storage/ip-specific extraction tools, which are digital design and crystals, company review - performance over the first half of the year, one of the key link tools in the area of national production and round manufacturing.
2022-08-25, Complementarity and synergies with existing company products, and improvement of company manufacturing end-of-life eda 3. Huaan Securities_Collaborative Research_Computer Industry _
It's important, and it's in line with a company's long-term development strategy. We believe that the first three quarters of a company's performance on the scale of a company's revenue meet expectations, prohibit leading, and, as the only country with a full simulation of the circuit and make a breakthrough in the digital circuit field.
Enterprises that are or will accelerate the replacement of national production by 2022-10-13 are expected to take the lead in the context of the replacement of national production by accelerating production, and thus work in depth with domestic chips Design and manufacturers to create eda product ecology and expand technological and product advantages.
1) Research and development breakthroughs are less than expected; 2) policy support is less than expected; 3) product delivery is less than expected; using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, I don't have, and I won't receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report.