"Inner" and "External" have continued to enrich the eda tool, and the national alternative will continue to improve corporate performance.
On October 24, 2022, the net return to the mother achieved was $113 million, representing an increase of 46.88 per cent, and the net non-return to the mother earned was $28 million, representing an increase of 43.65 per cent; and the q3 quarter earned $216 million, representing an increase of 33.2 per cent, representing an increase of 33.2 per cent.
The company continues to accelerate product layout and technological improvements, and is actively pursuing short-board technology while promoting the upgrading of existing products.
Market data: 24 October 2022. Work to expand product layouts and improve product quality. The company recently launched 3 new eda products in the field of radio frequency circuit design and crystal round manufacturing. In the field of radio frequency circuit design eda.
Maximum/minimum in year: Radio frequency circuit simulation and radio frequency device modelling tools. The radio frequency circuit simulation tool provides a full range of emission a/total share capital (billions):
A frequency analysis function that meets the analogue needs of radio frequency and microwave circuit design, while the simulation tool has market value (billions): high accuracy and parallel high-speed features that provide good user experience.
The components focused on the extraction of radio frequency model parameters can be used extensively in various processes, in model extraction of various radio frequency devices, such as the cos process, the compound semiconductor process, etc.
Domains, with the introduction of the photo mask layout design tool. The tool automatically generates the photo mask template framework and optimizes the crystal circle to obtain the best utilization of the crystal circle, providing a ready and efficient solution to the photo mask layout design. In addition, the company physical validation tool has made a technological breakthrough and has been sexually accessible.
Upgraded to better meet the need for storage design and image sensor design. Outgoing acquisition of rich company eda tools. Company intends to use its fully-owned subsidiary Shenzhen $10 million \triangleright
Cash acquisition ridge technology, kernel technology, storage/ip feature extraction tool development, one of the key links in digital design and crystal-crystal manufacturing.
The country ' s only manufacturer that achieves the full process coverage of analogue eda is still the biggest driving force. With the impact of international trade friction, industry is urgently and urgently needed for the development of our eda industry.
Domestic integrated circuit enterprises, for reasons of safety and sustainability, have begun to accept or scale up the procurement of domestically produced eda tools that are competitive in international markets. Companies are domestic only.
A eda dragon head that achieves analogue circuit design and tablet displays the full process coverage of the eda design, the product layout is well developed, and continued to enrich the eda tool layout through " endogenous" and "extended " , and future performance will continue to grow.
Tax benefits and government subsidy policy risks; technology research and development less than anticipated; risks of friction in international trade; Sea Bulletin. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use the information I have in my identity, status or practice as my own.
For personal gain, either by himself or by another person.