The production of public utilities, the production of aircraft and the insufficiency of water, the consumption of electricity in the provinces and the delivery of electricity in the west, increased the production of electricity by 57.13 per cent in the first half of the year.
The company generated 53.885 billion kWh in the first half of 2019, an increase of 57.13 per cent. The combined contribution of additional installed capacity and water overflow from watersheds was 95.53 per cent of the increase in electricity generation.
Launched on 13 July, with an additional capacity of 495,000 kW; 2/3 of the Reede hydroelectric power station, total equity/flow (millions of shares) 10,000 kW; Hwangden hydroelectric power station, unit 4, completed production on 1 January 2019, increasing installed capacity
Total market value/flow (million yuan) 475,000 kilowatts; unit 4 of the Dahua Bridge hydroelectric power station came into operation on 1 January 2019, increasing by 12 months ' maximum/minimum in yuan
The total capacity of these four stations has been increased by 1.48 million kilowatts, and all units of the upper five plants in the Yangtze River have been completed. The combined capacity of the four power stations was 7,471 million kilowatt hours, an increase of 7.3 billion.
In the first half of the year, electricity generation increased by 37 per cent. (2) The Tibetan region was affected by El Niño, the spring temperature was 19 years low, and in mid-April the ice and snow began to melt as the temperature rebounded, providing a biased stream (more than an average of 4-50 per cent) for the last river and the Qin Sha river.
This contrasts between the water from the two rivers in April/May and the water from other watersheds in the province. In the last six months of the river's area, the end of the river, the Kougo Bridge, the Bay, the Bay, the Bay, the Twilight River, and the first six months of the landscape flood power station, the amount of electricity generated was 39.8% more than in the first half of the year, and the value of the company's increase in electricity generated in the first half of the year was as follows:
Intra-provincial electricity use and delivery in the western part of the country have increased by a double rate, effectively ensuring higher levels of hydropower consumption. In the first half of 2019, the Yunnan grid generated 1,464 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 16.97 per cent over the same period, of which electricity generated 10,243 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 27.86 per cent over the same period.
Power generation has grown significantly, and its completion has benefited mainly from a double increase in intra-provincial power consumption and delivery to the west. 1) In the first half of the year, the entire population of Yunnan province grew 6.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down from the previous year, but still outpaced the national rate of 1.7 percentage points of electricity use, one in recent years.
The increase is relatively high, with the secondary sector increasing its power supply by 353 percentage points, and the donation rate of 52.61 per cent, which has a significant effect on the use of electric power throughout the province. (2) In the first half of the year, electricity was delivered to 63.668 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 38.3 per cent, compared to the annual plan (44.08 billion kilowatt-hours).
An increase of 19.6 billion kilowatt-hours has effectively contributed to the elimination of clean energy in Yunnan Province. In the first half of the year, the company increased its electricity generation by 57.13% on a year-on-year basis, largely thanks to the two above-mentioned conditions, in order to ensure that the company achieved the same level of 57.24% growth in online electricity, which translates into corporate revenue and profits.
There are plenty of hydropower resources to be developed, and there is a clear marketed competitive advantage. The water resources can be developed up to 32 million kilowatts, and the company has the right to develop the water resources of the entire river basin.
The Toba hydroelectric power station and the ancient water hydroelectric plant are in construction, the upper Tibetan section is in the pre-working segment, and the company can develop more adequate installed capacity. According to the National Development and Reform Commission ' s Circular on the Programme for the Full Release of Electricity for Operational Users, the distribution of electrical power to operational users is limited.
In principle, the power program is completely liberalized. Faced with a more competitive power market environment, on one side, the company is the second-largest hydroelectric company to be installed, with a large capacity and a clear advantage: while utilities are cheap, the main operating costs are depreciated costs, marginal costs.
On the other hand, as one of the earlier domestic companies involved in electricity marketization, companies have explored marketing strategies that can effectively adapt to market changes, where the price of traded electricity has been in the market for the first half of the year.
The higher demand for electricity in Yunnan Province and the smoothness of the West Eastway provide a basic guarantee for companies to increase their power generation to eliminate the Internet. We expect water to be less than expected in the region, and we expect electricity to be less rapidly used in the society as a whole; and we expect electricity to grow faster than expected.
It's been growing from the production of and the availability of water, with electricity from the province and electricity from the west to the port.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.