Recommended (for the first time) expansion of consummated gold production, with expected performance to benefit from a full rise in gold prices
The gold mine under the flag is of a higher standard. The Shirathai River is one of the highest-ranked gold mines in the country, with a gold mine of 15.27 g/t in 2019, far higher than the other major gold companies in the country; the company also has two gold mines, the Gilling Tablet Temple is a national green mine, and the Qinghai Big Chaidan is a provincial green.
Xu Xu has resumed production in April 2019 at 2.8g/t and 3.94g/t. Mine mining rights, four silver lead zinc mineral prospecting rights, and exploration of 217.11 km2 of prospecting rights,
In 2019, the company invested $12,44509,000 in exploration, of which capital and technology have supported the expansion of production capacity. The company’s mineral gold production ranks fifth among China’s gold-listed enterprises.
In 2019, the rehabilitation of the Toonan gold mining plant under the Black River Galaxy was nearing completion, and the completion of phase I and phase II of the new tailings deposit was completed. After the expansion of the selection system, the processing capacity will reach 1,200 tons per day, an increase of approximately 47.8% over the current date.
The return to work on 26 April of that year and the achievement of full annual production by 2020, at a cost of $154), benefited mainly from the higher grade of gold ore under the flag, with the lowest asset-liability ratio. In 2019, the company spent $28.5 million on financial costs, compared to the same amount.
30.28%, mainly due to a decrease in the balance of loans. In addition, the company has the lowest asset-liability ratio, with investment advice.
In the long run, the company will increase its production of lead and zinc. Leverage, the potential for acquisition is high: in addition, the corporate asset-liability ratio is much lower than that of its peers, and the liquidity ratio is much higher than that of the industry.
The valuation was lower than the industry average: the company ' s 2020 driving logic and future trends were projected to be 30.49 times higher than the industry average, and 19.95 times lower than the industry average.
Risks such as conservation and resource management, except for the easing of liquidity constraints in the United States dollar, 2020/4/14.
1.1 The company ' s main business was hydroelectric power, the first shareholder was Chongqing, Ujiang Electric Group, and then, during the period from 2000 to 2018, the company ' s controlling shareholders changed several times, and the main business was the same.
In 2013, the company completed a major asset restructuring, the main business was officially switched to non-ferrous metals (silver, lead, zinc) and, in 2018, after the company issued shares to purchase assets, the main business was converted from non-ferrous to precious metals (gold, silver) and non-ferrous metals (silver, lead, zinc).
Figure 1: Change of operations of the Silver-Thai gold main battalion 1.2 card-bit industrial chain high-morigin chain Currently, the company's main business is to select and trade in precious metals and non-ferrous metals through the planned streaming of water lines
Weaver production: under the flag there are four mining subsidiaries, namely, Yulong Mining, Shiratei, Jilin Temple, Qinghai, Qinghai Chaidan, all producing mines, and a metal trading subsidiary, Silver Tae Seonghong. The company’s main products are alloys (with silver), lead powder (with silver) and zinc powder (with silver), which are sold abroad by Silver Tae-hong and his subsidiaries.
The sale price of alloys is based on the prices of the Shanghai gold exchange, while the price of other products is based on open pricing platforms such as the Shanghai Non-ferrous Metal Network, and is based on domestic peer-counting practices.
The gold is sold mainly to the gold smelting enterprise, and at the time of sale, the gold and silver are sold directly or sold directly to the gold smelting firm, which separates the gold smelting enterprise.
It is a national green mine, one of the highest ranking gold mines in the country; it is a national green mine, and one of the more advanced mines in the country’s production management: Qinghai Cheytan, a provincial green mine, resumed production in April 2019.
The Yulong mine is a lead silver and silver polymetallic mine, the main products of which are lead powder (in silver) and zinc powder (in silver) for sale to downstream smelters. Silver metals are rich in lead concentrates, recovered by smelters in the smelting process, and zinc powders, which are accompanied by small metal varieties and are better recovered by advanced smelters, so that corporate zinc powders go to large smelters.
The company now has four major mining companies, including four gold mining rights, six gold mineral prospecting rights, and two gold mining rights.
Silver lead zinc mining rights, four silver lead zinc mineral prospecting rights, which will in the future enhance resource access to achieve steady and steady progress, Table 2: Silver and Thai gold products industrial use 1.3.
In the second half of 2019, Shiratei has been mined from the open. The Yulong mining industry, which is based on underground mining methods, is currently dominated by shallow-hole mining, the middle-deep-deep-deep-deep-deep-dry-dry-drying-out-field, and subsequent fill-in mining processes.
Figure 4: Gilling Plate Temple Production Process Figure 5: Galactic Production Process of the Black River 2. Active prospecting enhancement, technology expansion
2.1 High-grade gold minerals. In 2013, the company acquired 76.67 per cent of Inner Mongolia Yulong Mining Co. Ltd., changing the main business to non-ferrous metal selection; after completing asset acquisition in 2018, the main business was selected for additional precious metals, with the company owning four mining companies
The industry consists of the Yulong Mining (lead and silver and metal mines), the Black River Milkytan (Silver-born gold mines with high silver content), the Jilin Tablet Temple (Silver-born gold and low silver content) and the Qinghai Chaidan (Silver-born gold and low silver content) and, by the end of 2019, the company had gold, lead, zinc and silver holdings in its mining rights (in proportion to the company ' s equity).
The gold mine under the company's flag is at a high level, with Hérèse Générale being one of the highest ranking gold mines in the country, with gold in 2019 reaching 15.27 g/t, well above the other major gold-listed companies in the country; two other gold mines belonging to the company, Gilling, the Tablets, are green mines at the national level, and the Qinghai Great Chaidan is a provincial green mine that resumed production in April 2019.
Gold minerals are at 2.8g/t and 3.94g/t, respectively. The company ' s four mining subsidiaries have four gold mining rights, six gold prospecting rights, two silver lead and zinc mining rights, and the Yulong Mine has four silver lead and zinc mineral prospecting certificates, all of which are in the vicinity of the existing mining certificate.
The Yulong mining area is located in the non-ferrous metal-forming belt of the Great Hing An River and in the northern Chinese-northern zone, which is rich in non-ferrous metal resources and has the advantage of producing large areas of non-ferrous and precious metals, such as silver, copper, lead, zinc, gold, etc., and is home-grown in search of large, super-large and even world-class non-ferrous gold.
In the period 2009-09, the Yulong mine has been conducting uninterrupted production and exploration activities for silver lead, which has been a priority area for deposits. 27 new deposits have been discovered and identified within mining rights, 362.32 tons of silver and 3.25 million tons of lead metal have been added.
Zinc metals amount to 5.61 million tons, of which silver lead ore (122b+333) amounts to 105.11 million tons, with an average grade of 3.09% lead, 5.34% zinc, 308.37g silver.
In 2019, the exploration report for the outer iii area of Hana-Boat was evaluated and a detailed survey of the unexplored exploration activities was carried out in Mount Han-Bott, 1038 heights. 1118 Highlands were encrypted and extended on the basis of the exploration results of 2018. As of the end of 2019, a combined amount of silver metal was identified for each right to prospecting, with 2,444.3 tons of lead + zinc metal.04.
Ten thousand tons of copper and metals, 754 million tons of tin and 196,000 tons of tin and 152 kg of raw gold. Part of the amount of resources in the prospecting area has not been reviewed and recorded.
The amount of lead + zinc metal is 1.7837 million tons, the amount of copper metallic is 7.54 million tons and the amount of tin metallic is 19.6 million tons. 6 gold mineral prospecting certificates are issued for Gyantai, Jilin Temple and Qinghai Great Chaidan, and the scope of exploration for the right of prospecting is limited.
There are also possibilities for further mining. In 2019, there were 887 tons of modified ores, 1.504 tons of metals and 13.64 tons of silver metal from the Heroin Galaxy mining.
The right to surrounded prospecting is also a good clue for finding mines, and procedures such as forest land are being actively coordinated pending further survey. In 2019, exploration for the production of pavilion gold mines increased the amount of gold metals by 1.72 tons; the amount of ores on the exploration and evaluation of the records was 90.5 tons and the amount of gold metals by 0.632 tons.
By the end of 2019, a total of 29,122 tons of gold and metals had been retained. Qinghai Big Chaidan: Qinghai Big Tsai is located in a non-ferrous mine of precious metals in the mountains between the beaches of Qinghai Province, with a strong mineral base, with considerable potential for finding minerals in the vicinity of the two mining rights.
In 2019, a capitalized exploration investment of $82.5 million was made in Qinghai and a cost-effective exploration investment of $80.24 million was made, totalling 2,069 metres in diamonds, 39,397 metres in rc and 20,193 metres in pits. In 2019, a detailed survey report and a detailed survey of the Golden Dragon Trench gold mine were completed and are currently under review: the Blue Dragon Trench
A report on the verification of mining rights is currently under preparation: by the end of 2019, the cumulative amount of gold metal held in the area of mining rights in the Qinghai region was 28.87 tons; the cumulative amount of gold metal found in the area of mining rights was 23.72 tons; and the total amount of gold metal retained was 52.59 tons.
The company is about to issue shares to purchase 83.75% of your state’s shareholdings, thereby indirectly holding 67% of the interest of the company. The main assets of the company are the mining rights of the lead zinc mine in the town of white fruit and the prospecting rights of the pig pond for the lead zinc mine in the town of white fruit, which is currently in a phase of shutdown.
Pigs Ponds lead and zinc mines are preparing to apply for mining rights. Pig Ponds lead and zinc deposits are oversized, and one major mine concentrates about 65% of its resources for large-scale, low-cost mining, with an average lead and zinc grade of about 10%, which is currently a rare large, high-quality polymetallic mine in the country.
2 069 m, rc drilling.
The first section of the report has been cleared.
• Detailed survey of the exploration of the right to prospecting, and the main assets of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Ltd.
For the mining of the lead zinc mine in White Fruit Town and the exploration of the pig pond lead zinc mine in White Fruit Town.
The mine's in a state of shutdown, the pig's arch, the purchase of Guizhou's canals, and the pond's lead and zinc mines are preparing their applications.
Mining rights. Pigs ponds of lead and zinc deposits are oversized, a resource volume that allows for large scale.
Low-cost mining, and lead and zinc, and your state's rich, and it's indirect possession.
It'll be "Ten Geologists looking for mines, and the fruits of mining, which are currently rare in the country."
A large, high-quality polymetal mine with a limited share of gold.
Mountain. The pig pond lead and zinc mine is normal, and after delivery, it will further increase the profitability and expansion of the company.
According to data from the China Gold Association, the company ' s mineral gold production ranks fifth among the companies listed in China ' s gold market. In order to safeguard the company ' s ability to expand its production capacity, in addition to carrying out active exploration, the volume of ore disposal is increased through technological improvements. In 2019, the public,
The Ministry has successfully completed key tasks, such as the rehabilitation of the Yulong mining industry and the extension of the Jilin Temple Rights. The Yulong mining industry began to upgrade the existing mining production system in August 2015, designing three new wells and renovating two.
In 2019, the open-air mining of the Orient gold mine under the Milky Way was completed and successfully transferred to underground mining; the construction of the site was nearing completion, and the completion of phases I and II of the new tailings bank was completed. Following the expansion of the system, the processing capacity will reach 1,200 tons per day, an increase of approximately 47.8 per cent over the current day.
In 2019, the production of the Jilin Temple licence was extended to 800,000 tonnes/year, and the capacity of the mines increased. The tailings bank expansion was successful in obtaining a safe production permit through a safety and environmental inspection.
In addition, Qinghai Chaidan resumed work on 26 April 2019 and could be produced throughout the year by 2020.3 With mineral gold as its core business, the price of the gold that benefited from it rose q1 in 2020, the company earned 1.94 billion yuan, or 71.8 per cent of the year; and in 2019, it earned $5.15 billion.
In 2019, the company achieved 1.73 billion yuan ebitda, or +10.5 per cent. In 2020 q1 achieved a net return profit of 274 million yuan, or +61.2 per cent, and in 2019 a net return profit of 864 million yuan, or +30.3 per cent. In January 2018, the company issued shares to purchase gold ore assets with four gold mining rights and six gold ore prospecting rights.
This led to a significant increase in net profits in 2018. In 2019 and 2020, q1 benefited from a flat rise in the volume of alloys, with higher public and net profits. 3.2 Mineral gold contributes to the main gross profits.
The share of corporate non-ferrous metal mining operations is lower than that of metal commodities, where gross profits are mainly due to the higher rate of Maori in the selection business, with alloys (mineral gold) contributing the most. In 2019, as gold prices rose and the epidemic hit, demand for hedged assets increased and corporate alloys increased, leading to a two-fold increase in sales.
The company's subsidiary, Qinghai Tsai, resumed production on 26 April 2019 (which ceased production in 2018), and in 2019 it sold 25% of the company's total mineral gold. After the birth of Qinghai Tsai, the company received a single-quarter net profit.
The impact of gold prices has increased significantly. 3.3 per cent of the cost is lower, and the trend is declining in Shandong gold (the unit cost of gold in Shandong was $154 in 2018), benefiting mainly from a comparison of gold levels under the flag.
The Black River Galaxy gold mine is one of the highest-grade and most easy-to-melt gold mines in the country, with a high ore metal content, with an average of gold 15.38g/t, 15.27g/t, silver 94.07g/t, and 112.35g/t in 2018 and 2019 respectively. The other two gold-mining subsidiaries are not low, and the Gilling Temple and the Qinghai Zaidan gold ore were selected on average in 2019.
The grade is 2.8g/t, 3.94g/t. The cost of corporate alloy units is expected to remain somewhat lower in the future, with the arrival of the Gyandon gold expansion programme of the Black River, the improved ore disposal capacity and the regular year-round production of Qinghai Great Chai Chai.
The estimated unit cost of gold is higher than actual; the unit cost of lead + zinc = (the operating cost of lead zinc concentrates + the operating cost of zinc concentrates + the operating cost of lead concentrates) / (the sales of silver lead concentrates + the sales of zinc concentrates) 3.4 The financial cost is lower and the asset-liability ratio is the lowest.
At the end of q1 in 2020, corporate money + transactional financial assets are expected to total $1,751 million, of which transactional financial assets are bank finance and company-type cash assets are abundant.
On 26 April 2019, the company's subsidiary, Qinghai Qinghai, resumed production, assuming that production was normal for the entire year, after a decline in the company's mineral gold production compared to 2018, which was expected to be eliminated by 2020.
In 2019, the open-air mining of East An gold mine under the Black River Galaxy ended and was successfully transferred to underground mining; construction of the site was nearing completion, and phase I and II of the construction of the new tailings bank was completed. After the selection system was expanded, the selection process was completed.
Mining capacity will reach 1,200 tons per day, an increase of approximately 47.8 per cent over current daily disposal levels. In 2019, the Yulong mine, a subsidiary affected by other mines in the same region, delayed the start of work, resulting in a similar decline in company silver, lead and zinc production, which is expected to resume in the first quarter of 2020, and the sale of the company ' s silver and zinc production.
In the long run, the company will increase its production of lead and zinc powder as the subsidiary under the flag recovers its capacity and improves its production technologically.
In addition, corporate asset-liability ratios are far lower than their counterparts, moving ratios are higher than industry averages, there is greater financing capacity, and leverage acquisition potential is greater, allowing for the acquisition of high-quality assets. Gold prices have fallen sharply, production from the mine has not recovered as expected, mining prices have fallen, and industrial policy has been winding down.
The rating system’s “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.