The fund's business performance was impressive, with a single-season profit on a continuous basis of 0.2 billion yuan on 09/2025, with the same declared caliber +31.0 per cent, compared to one quarter and 4 pct, and a net profit of 7.5 billion yuan for the mother, +42.2 per cent.
Compared to the first quarter and the 17pc. According to the data from the single season, 25q2 returned to the mother a net profit of $3.9 billion, the ring + 7.3%, and the same high point ($7.8 billion), the rate of single-season profits has remained at more than 20% for two consecutive quarters.
\triangleright revenue continues to rise at a rate of 1.9 times higher than the rate of 25q1; 25h1 investment income in fee-based operations has shifted to an increase of more than 30 per cent; and revenue from brokering activities has increased at a rate of more than 30 per cent over the same period;
In terms of operations: (1) self-employed operations, 25q2 one-quarter self-employed income ring speeds up relative to flat average return on investment. 25q2 self-employed investment income of $3.9 billion, ring/
At the end of the quarter, the corporate financial investment was 434.1 billion yuan, with a significant increase of 14.8% in the ring ratio, up by the same time. In the warehousing structure, the ratio of transactional financial assets/claims ac/claimoci/equityoci at the end of 25q2 has now risen.
Bonds and sales products have increased substantially the same way. The net revenue from brokering fees in 25q2 companies has been $1.8 billion, the ring-to-income ratio has shifted to a similar increase, while seat rental income has continued to shrink.
(3) In credit operations, the debt structure is optimized to add down the cost of the funds, and interest expenditures fall significantly over the same period. 25q2 companies earn 1.1 billion yuan, ring + 11.1%, and profit +123.0%.
At the end of 25q2, the company's two-way balance fell slightly from the end of 25q1, but the equity size ring increased by 27.7 per cent, driving the first half of the year to a similar positive comparison with the equity interest income. However, in the context of interest reduction, the company's interest income on monetary funds and settlement provisions fell in the first half of the year, and interest income fell the same as in the last half of the year.
The company continued to optimize its debt structure, with interest expenditure for the 24q2-25q2 quarter having fallen in five consecutive quarters on a year-on-year basis. – All right. – Although the sales-back balance ratio rose at the end of 25q2 – the cost of financing went down the same way, driving interest expenditure for 25q2 seasons down by 28.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
We believe that corporate credit revenue is expected to continue to rise. (4) In the investment business, 25q2 investment income has increased year-on-year, ipo/refinancing has increased significantly over the same year, and bond cover has continued to increase in size.
For the first time since 23q2, the rate of increase has increased since the same year.
According to Ifind, as of the end of 25q2, the South Fund/Wartebury Fund was funded aum of 1.39 trillion/708.1 billion yuan, corresponding to +11.6 per cent/+46.0 per cent, a constant increase in the same amount.
The South Foundation and the Walterebury Foundation account for profits from corporate investment in joint ventures, and the related revenues are not reflected in the revenue stream. The recovery process is expected to accelerate in the future, owing to the impact of the conversion of public fund-raising and capital-management products, and the current pressure on corporate-owned revenues, with tariff reductions and product conversions completed.
The rate of return on net assets continued to increase on a year-on-year basis with a marked decline in the operating and management rates, compared with the net interest rates of 25h1 to 46.5 per cent, with the operating and management rates (excluding other operations) rising to 45.9 per cent, but still declining by 13 pct from 24h1 to 83.0 per cent.
\triangleright Brokering has a strong edge, and brokerage revenues have continued to rise. With the return of equity financing, the company's investment has accelerated its recovery. Capital markets have stabilized since this year, and the two-way balance continues to be high, with the company's assets and liabilities.
We believe that companies are expected to continue to grow in business lines such as brokerage, investment, etc., maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Accumulated net profit and increase in the stockholdings of Huatay securities.
Figure 5: Changes in the structure of operating income of thehua-Thai securities Investment returns + net gains on changes in fair value of the enterprise, 1h25 self-employment income as a new calibre Implementation Questions and Answers on Related Accounting Processing and 1h25 Other Business Income/Cost as a new calibre
Figure 7: Trends in auto-roa-roe securities, Figure 8: Net home interest rate, administrative rates and other operating cost rates of the Volatile securities, Figure 9: Size and rate of increase of the Volta securities financial investment
Figure 11: Revenue from and increase in securities brokering operations in Huatai, Figure 12: Size and increase in securities purchases in Huatai, Figure 13: Public fund raising aum and acceleration in Southern Fund
Figure 14: Voltaic fund raise aum and speed of increase
Figure 17: Size and rate of increase in Chinese securities; Figure 18: Size and rate of return sales of Chinese securities; Figure 19: Chinese securities market gain (pe)
Figure 20: Walter Stock Market Net Rate (pb) Summary of data projections for the financial statements of Huatai Securities Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.