Improved profitability and a more robust base of provision Business bank assets and liabilities are well structured, less affected by industry and regulatory controls, and more rapidly expanding in size. Corporate interest differentials and asset quality have improved, profitability has improved, and corporate dividends have been 3.9 per cent.
Block rating: stronger than the big market, higher than the level of industry. The company’s large retail distribution is improving, its customer base is becoming stronger, and the cost advantage of the company’s deposits is further consolidated.
▪ Improved profitability, further growth in the base of the provision, higher yields at full cost, and continued profitability. The Bank’s 17-year net profits/earners and the same rates of growth are rising on a seasonal basis. We believe that the company continues to grow at a positive rate.
It benefits from the steady expansion of asset size and the spread of net interest differentials. The company’s profits increased further from 1.2 pct to 9.1% in the previous three seasons, the highest level in nearly three years.
We believe that the savings cost advantage of the industry is an important factor in the spread of interest, with a net interest gap of 2.22 per cent over 17 years, an increase of 6bps over 16 years, and a one-quarter interest gap of 4 quarters of the end of the period, an increase of 5bps compared to 3 quarters, and we believe that as the company's “large retail” operations are better organized and the “focus city line” is better.
The negative forward-looking indicators continue to improve, and the pressure on the provision is further reduced. The industry’s asset quality performance continues to be positive, with a negative rate of 1 bp to.55% lower at the end of the 17-year period than at the end of the 3rd season.
The provision coverage will be increased further. We estimate that the provision coverage rate and loan allocation ratio under the new provision will be lower than required and will help to raise the company’s future performance release space.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
For 17 years, net profits/revenues increased by 2.8 per cent/7.5 per cent, 0.5 pcd/4.0 pct higher than in the previous three quarters, net profits and net profits of the company for 17 years.
We believe that the company’s continued growth towards good revenue growth is due to a steady expansion in asset size and a widening of net interest differentials. The profit increase before the company’s provision was further increased by 1.0 to 9.1 per cent over the previous three quarters, the highest level in the last three years. Against a background of good quality of capital, the company has further increased its base, with the cost of credit rising by 0.22 to 0.95 per cent in four quarters compared to the same period in 16 years.
We believe that this will help to increase the stability of the company’s future performance. The industry as a whole is well run, with an 8.1% increase in asset-end size compared to the previous year’s same period (8.7%), and more specifically, with loans/equity investments/associated assets increasing by 8.8%/4.8%/18.1% compared to the previous year, and we believe that a robust capital structure helps companies to resist industry and non-standards.
In 2017, the industry expanded its asset deficit and, in a context of 17 years of financial constraints, it benefited from an upturn in capital interest rates. At the end of the debt, deposits increased by 7.9% over the same year, and the ring dropped by 0.5% from the end of the three seasons. In terms of the structure of the liability, they were at the forefront of the industry, with deposits increasing by 1.2 pct to 81.7% at the beginning of the 17th year, while the deposit structure was further optimized and demand deposits were reduced by 0.5%.
We believe that the cost advantage of the savings at the beginning of the comparison is a significant factor in the spread of interest, with a net interest margin of 2.22 per cent for 17 years, 6bps higher than for 16 years, and 5bps higher for the end-of-cycle four-quarter single-quarter interest margin compared to three quarters, and we believe that the advantage of the corporate liability margin will continue to be maintained as the company's “large retail” business layout continues to improve and the “focus city” strategy continues.
Undesirable forward-looking indicators continue to improve, and the pressure on the provision further eases The industry's asset quality performance continues to improve, with negative balances at the end of 17 years falling by $9.2 billion (1 bp to $221 billion) compared to the end of the three seasons, respectively, and loans/deprived loans at the end of 17 years falling by 12 pct to 81%.
We estimate that there will be room for a more flexible future performance of companies in the provision of the new regulations for the coverage and loan ratios of the industry. Business and industry banks’ assets and liabilities are well structured, less affected by industry and financial regulation, and more rapidly expanding in size.
The company’s large retail distribution is constantly improving, and the company’s profitability is improving, with a net dividends rate of 3.9% higher than that of its counterparts.