March 28, 2018.
Annual report: The negative rate has declined on a quarterly basis, with a steady increase in net interest differentials. Annual reports issued by business and industry banks, yielding 726.5 billion dollars in 2017, an increase of 7.5 per cent for yoy, a net gain of 286 billion and an increase of 2.8 per cent for yoy, corresponding to a net gain of 4.68 per cent for 4q, which is basically in line with our expectations.
At the end of the spectrum, due to a rebound in net interest differentials and a robust growth in the size of interest-bearing assets, net interest income increased by only 0.2 per cent over the year on a double-digit basis, with non-interest income increasing by only 0.2 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of a decline in investment operations along the flat edge of the bond market and the impact of insurance regulation in the insurance sector on the replacement of insurance revenues.
The situation continued to improve, with a negative rate improving for four consecutive quarters, and the provision coverage recovered to more than 150 per cent in the context of the improved asset condition. The company’s valuation is currently at a low level, with a certain amount of interest in dividends (a 2.8 per cent increase in net annual returns to yoy, with performance largely in line with expectations: annual reports issued by business banks, 2017).
726.5 billion, 7.5 per cent, net gain of 28.6 billion, 2.8 per cent, interest income from wider interest differentials and higher interest-bearing assets: recovery of interest-earnings margin (2.22 per cent, year-round net gain, 6bp) and expansion of interest-producing assets (stopping)
Income from the same combination of products, underwriting, insurance replacement, etc. Quarterly improvements are expected to lead to a further recovery in the provision: non-performing loans in terms of asset quality
As a percentage point, there was a 60.1 billion drop in the same amount of overdue loans and 0.64 percentage points to 135.56 per cent in the share of loans. In terms of lending flows, companies have reduced their lending to industries with high adverse rates, such as manufacturing, wholesale and retail, and more credit flows have gone to shipping, leasing and merchants.
In terms of provisions, $294 billion was added throughout 2017, and profit projections: as the largest commercial bank in the country, firmness in corporate operations has a strong advantage in the context of monetary neutrality and financial deleveraging, mpa tests, etc.: a high proportion of corporate debt-end deposits
(80.3 per cent) with a relatively low level of reliance on inter-occupational liabilities, shirking in the context of tight financial regulation, expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified.