On April 28, the company published its first quarterly report, 2021. q1 earned 2,057 million yuan in 2021, a 71 per cent increase and 8.3 per cent decline in the ring ratio.
Photovoltaic glass continued its four-quarterly high, with q1 performance increasing by a ring on a high base: the demand for photovoltaic glass remained strong and the price of one-month light glass remained strong, after one-month-long recovery by -Freight for the benefit of the country ' s deferred bid.
q1 achieved income of RMB 2.06 billion, RMB - 8.3 per cent, Māori 58.2 per cent, RMB - 0.3 pct. Also due to the increase in q1 exchange rate earnings, the company’s financial cost ring decreased.
q2 glass prices are returning to a reasonable hub, which is expected to ease the profit pressure of the components associated with rising silicon prices, stimulate the gradual recovery of demand, and discourage the expansionary impulse of new entrants: starting in March, because of downstream components
The company has taken the initiative since April to significantly lower the price of 3.2/2.0 glass to $28/22 per flat (as compared to the instructional price at the beginning of March).
4. "Glossy glass landscape up, expanding share into $12/10." As silicon prices have continued to rise in recent times, resulting in less than full leverage of glass to the end of the components, continued price games in the industrial chain, and the continuous release of new production capacity with glass folded together, we expect.
The semi-annual performance was over-expected, and the price of glass q2 q2 was still being explored, and it was hoped that the increase in the price of silicon would partly ease the profitable pressure on component companies, thereby stimulating demand recovery.
This could result in some of the planned new entrants’ expansion projects being delayed or even cancelled. It would contribute to the stability of industry patterns and the health of the future two-year landscape.
In 2021, photovoltaic glass prices were in the downward cycle, but as the additional capacity was largely contributed by companies and faith, light energy, and this year the largest increase in the company ' s effective capacity (+63 per cent), with a still 68 per cent increase in 2022, large-scale low-cost capacity is expected to take advantage of the market rapidly, resulting in a fall in the price of hedge products.
U.W.W., based on the latest photovoltage price and industry demand and demand, has reduced the annual average price of glass sales by a small margin.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment