In the last three quarters of 2017, the company achieved business income of $25,183.7 billion, a year-on-year increase, exceeding our expectations, of which $8,1905 million, a year-on-year increase of 18.09 per cent, was recorded in the third quarter.
Mother-to-child net profit of $5,499 million, an increase of 146.96 per cent, and ring growth of 130.71 per cent.O3 Sword and Steel Bases, which worked together with a synergy of $1 billion in 2017, was achieved in the first three quarters.
Seven hundred million yuan: first, the company deepens its consolidation in the areas of R & D, procurement, marketing, finance, and informatization. With the strong management of the precious steel shares poured in, the cost of steel production gradually decreased, the efficiency of labour increased and the total profit achieved in the third quarter was 855 million yuan.
On 12 September, a 1550 cold-rolling line was opened in the Yangtze River, and the Yangtze Steel Base was successfully operational: it is geographically superior, has an annual capacity of 8.9 million tons of steel, has a low cost of raw materials, and has a product attachment.
The full commissioning of the river base will provide the company with a guarantee of continued profitability.
There's still room for cost reduction at the Bosan base. \triangleright.
The combination of environmental adaptations, while ensuring that enterprises are at an internationally advanced level of emissions, also shows that there is still room for optimization of the scalding structure of the Bosan base, and that when the scalding is completed, the proportion of the scalding mine in the scalding structure will increase, thereby replacing some of the more costly swarms, so that the cost of iron and water from the Bosan base will continue to fall.
Space, future profits are still growing elastic. \triangleright \triangleright
In the third quarter, the car landscape rose and, under high absolute levels in 2016, vehicle production rose by 4.3 per cent, 4.7 per cent and 3.1 per cent in July, August and September 2017, respectively, and the prices of industrial panels were rounded by three quarters, with company profits expected to continue to grow significantly as winter production restrictions approached.
iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals. The future of Wu Gang and Zhangjiang will contribute to greater performance elasticity, long-term appreciation of the profitability of companies, expected to be double, 7.9 times and 6.6 times, with highly recommended ratings.
3. Industry event rating: steel plates are expected to start a new cycle of upswing, with firm interest in the next half of the year.
Research brief on Treasure Steel (600019)
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Faculty of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.