On August 19th, 2025, a steady increase in revenue and a steady improvement in profitability was achieved.
In the first half of 2025, the company achieved business income of $15,181 million, an increase of 2.12 per cent;
At the Māori rate, guided by a high-quality orientation, the company ' s Māori rate has been rising seasonally, with a rate of 41.61 per cent per annum and 1.48 pt over a quarter, an increase of 0.69 pt over last year ' s first half. In addition to the positive effect of the exchange rate, the company ' s internal strength has been much higher than that of the previous year.
Project screening mechanisms and cost-control strategies, on the other hand, focus on breaking out of the high-valued areas, sustaining high-value operations, together contributing to a steady increase in the Māori rate and a sustained improvement in the profitability of companies. Both domestic and foreign operations are growing steadily, and innovation is growing rapidly.
In the first half of 2025, according to sub-operations, the domestic business of the company generated $7,553 million, an increase over the previous period; the first half of the SME business fell, the company started a comprehensive and in-depth transformation of the distribution business, the current price system, the market order and stock management.
Millions of yuan, or 1.91% more than the previous year, of which the developed countries and the regional markets were warming faster. Innovations: Research by the State Dollar Securities Corporation – Dahua (00223.sz) in 2024. Businesses generated 3,023 million yuan, or 22.83% more than the previous year, of which motor power, thermal imaging, etc.
Fire and machine vision have all grown better than last year. Increasing investment in research and development, continuing to deepen the ability of one, and digging deep into opportunities for the industry to land.
Report of the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Shares in China, 2023 (00223.sz) and the first quarter of 2024: Update version 2.0 of the Stargown Model in a non-profit way to build an intelligent mind with three main abilities: language, multi-model, visual
In the recent past, policies have responded to trends in economic and industrial development, deepening the layout, and some areas of financial pressure.
The company is the world’s leading provider of video-centred smartware solutions and operational services.
Risks of technology upgrading: Risk of business model transformation: uncertainty about local fiscal capacity to pay; risk to exchange rates; risk to product security; intellectual property rights; risk to internationalized operations; supply chain index, Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfer targets)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.