The company has successfully passed through four rounds of industry through sound operations, and the current firm is slowing down and is expected to cross again robustly. 2) Financial analysis: the industry’s low point performance is stable and diversified operations are profitable. 2024q1-1
Industry: (1) Supply and demand: Short-term contradictions are evident, and self-regulation is expected to boost output. Long-term growth on the demand side is not changing, and short-term growth is slowing. Large expansion on the supply side is expected to result in higher prices than costs, and policy and industry self-regulation are expected to accelerate supply and demand tensions. (2) Industrial chains: long slopes of components, with a sharper distribution of profits, are expected to tilt.
Field demand, segment configuration, and strong barriers such as channels, brands, and globalization are expected to prevail. Component operations: more than 20 years of precision farming, moating the river. 1) Sales end: company channels run long-term layout, global architecture, brand value, long-term supply chain ownership in the supply chain. 2) Product sales: 12 consecutive years of company delivery.
By the end of 2024, the company’s photovoltaic silicon/battery/assemblies production is expected to reach 55gw/105gw/120gw, respectively, and Indonesian and American bases are expected to be operational by the end of the year. Pluralism: contribution performance in synergy for development.
In 2018, the company acquired an offshore support base, which created a dual advantage in international industry layout and technology. In 2023, the company tracked out its support in the sixth and second place in the country, accounting for about 6% of the global output. 2) Distributive systems: distributional system taps, and heavy transport operations.
Markets and markets account for about 20%. Transport operations contributed to a new increase, with company-distributed power stations at 15.2gw by the end of September. 3) Storage capacity: photosynthesis, moving to a high-speed development period.
The advantage of the industry's ability to clean up is constantly being highlighted. For the first time, it is covered with a “buy-in” rating.
For more than 20 years, it has continued deep farming, and innovation has been building a photovoltaic energy leader beneath its core. From the creation of the original curtain wall, the company has transformed into a photovoltaic component, connecting up and down to the integration of silicon, silicone, battery, and assembly, and globalizing the company’s rack and marketing network. Currently, the company is working to “build a new ecology in the sky-cooperative-led industry, and promote the synthesis of the sky into light storage.
Smart Energy Lead, a strategic goal, is committed to being the leader of a global light storage smart energy solution.) 1997-2006: Companies gradually moved into a global front-line component supplier. Companies were created in 1997, turned into component manufacturers in 2004, and were listed in the United States in 2006.
2) 2010 - 2019: The company has steadily developed into a component supplier with the highest volume of global output. Deep-farming technology, 2010: The National Focus Laboratory for Photovoltaic Science and Technology, prepared by the company; Globalized layout, 2013, where factories in Thailand and Viet Nam have been brought into production; Wisdom Energy, where the company has established wealthy families and skyscrapers.
3) 2020 to date: In 2020, the company was successfully listed in a stock market, and the industry opened up the process of expansion and technological upgrading. As of the end of June 2024, the cumulative output of the company ' s components exceeded 225gw, of which 210 to the highest series cumulatively exceeded 140gw.
Operations: The components are at the core, the diversified business systems are at the core, the components are at the core, and the three operations are at the same level. The company is a leading global provider of a global solution for photovoltaic smart energy, with three main lines of operations, including photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and smart energy.
Photovoltaic products are the core business, which revolves around research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components; photovoltaic systems, segmented system products lead the market, stand-by operations have developed rapidly in recent years and power station projects have progressed steadily; intelligent energy sources consist mainly of storage energy, solutions, photovoltaic power and transport operations, which gradually turn into high-speed growth gains.
1.1.3. Businesses are sound, industry leads through cycles, deep-farming business is hard at core competitiveness, and business cycles are strategized. China’s photovoltaic industry has experienced many cycles, and a large number of blindly expanding businesses have rapidly turned to decline. From 1997 to the present, companies have been able to do so through sound business strategies.
Four rounds of industry cycle. Figure 3 Increases in light volts, speeds, and net profits from coronation energy (gw, %, billions) in late 2008: slow down in Europe in the wake of the financial crisis, skyrocketing prices of silicon materials, and numerous signing agreements or highs.
The company avoided the crisis by pre-empting supply and demand; 2) 2010-2017: Silicon drops recovered in 2010 and the industry began a short spring. Then, with the European debt crisis and the European-American backlash, domestic production was hit hard.
Overseas outsourcing. In 2014, the company took the lead in restoring profits, followed by two consecutive years of global delivery; 3) in 2018, after the “531” New Deal, domestic capacity was reshuffled, and company power station operations did not blindly rely on subsidies for their development and successfully managed policy risks with solid business capabilities.
4) Presently: Given the relatively strong external uncertainties facing the industry today, companies are expected to be able to move back through the cycle with a deceleration and less risk-taking probabilities. At the same time, firms are constantly paying close attention to industry trends, making optimal strategic adjustments in the light of marginal changes, seizing changing trend opportunities, enhancing storage capacity, solutions, etc.
1.2. Diversification of operations contributes to profitability and performance resilience is still present 1.2.1. Overall performance: industry volatility is high and performance resilience is still present
Figure 6 Net benefit to the mother over the years (billion yuan, %) Quarterly net gain to the mother (billion yuan, %) shows strong profitability. Given the current pressure on the main industry chain, companies are profitable compared to comparable companies.
Figure 9 Comparison of the net interest rate on sales by companies (%) and Figure 8 Comparison of the Māori rate on sales by companies (%)
The component operations have been steadily developing, with a slight drop in the price of the component. In 2024, H1 component operations achieved revenue of $30.57 billion, i.e. $11.52 per cent of the year, representing 69.95 per cent of the revenue; the photovolt system components have a robust profitability and multiple operations contribute to the profit. In 2024, the Māori rate of company component H1 operations was 11.13 per cent.
2. Industry: self-regulation is expected to move forward, and supply and demand barriers are highlighted: short-term contradictions are evident and industry self-regulation is expected to drive production.
Long-term: The demand for photovoltaic components continues to rise under energy transition. Current environmental and international geometry issues are prominent, and new energy transformations have become a global consensus, while yielding higher demand. In addition, the rapid decline in prices has been driven by the benefits of mitigation efficiency, with photovoltaic components becoming more economic.
Global light-voltage aircraft are expected to climb, according to estimates, from 2024 to 2030. Domestic: short-term discounts and high base rates have slowed the rate of growth. The annual light-voltage build-up rate has slowed significantly in recent years, partly monthly, with new light-voltage units in the country in January-October.
181.30gw, year-on-year +27.17%. In addition to the deceleration of year-on-years due to the impact of the high base, the problem of domestic consumption due to the installation of aircraft has been highlighted, with a rate of 2.90% for year-to-October 2024 and a rate of 9.80% and 7.60% for areas with a relatively denser wind base, such as Qinghai and Xinjiang.
Figure 12 Domestic drop-out rate (%) 2.1.2. Supply: Industry self-regulation is expected to advance as a result of low emissions due to large industrial expansions, which have led to a significant decline in photovoltaic production in recent years due to high industry stimulus. As of the end of 2023, domestic silicon/silicon tablets/cells
At the end of August 2024, the domestic photovoltaic industry increased its output at a rate comparable to that of the end of 2023, and the price of the industrial chain fell sharply. The price of the industrial chain fell sharply over the past year as a result of a sharp increase in supply and demand.
As of December 18, 2024, the average price of the n polycrystal silicon, the n silicon m10, the topcon battery m10, the topcon component m10 was approximately $40.5/kg, 1.05/share, 0.265/w, 0.71/w, lower downstream output than at the beginning of the year, pending repair next year. Overlaying terminal elimination problems due to the increase in the high base of the pre-loading of the downstream components
It appears that monthly production growth in components has been weak since April of this year, and stock levels have remained high, resulting in a persistently low start-up rate for components. At the end of November, the domestic stock of components reached 52.20gw, with China producing 50.30gw photovoltaic components in November, compared with the October Ring ratio - 1.57%.
China’s photovoltaic component discharges are expected to decrease significantly. In December, China’s business-assembly production ratio dropped by about 9.7%, and the industry’s rate of start-up is about 16 per cent of China’s monthly stock of photovoltaic components and changes in the rate of start-up (gw, %).
On November 15, 2024, the Ministry of Finance and the Directorate-General of Taxes issued a bulletin on the adjustment of export tax refunds, which reduced the rates for exports of some finished oils, photovoltaics, batteries, and parts of non-metal minerals from 13 to 9 per cent.
2. On 20 November, the Ministry of Information and Technology revised the regulatory conditions for the photovoltaic manufacturing industry and the Interim Measures for the Management of the Regulatory Notices for the Photovoltaic Manufacturing Industry, which called for the reduction of photovoltaic manufacturing projects, the strengthening of technological innovation, the improvement of the quality of products and the reduction of production costs.
The policy calls for new and expanded photovoltaic projects, with a minimum capital ratio of 30%. On the technical side of the product, the demand for existing projects is higher for silicone, silicon, battery, component performance. It is expected that the policy will raise the photovoltaic project extension threshold through multiple criteria such as funding and technology, upgrade the technology of the photovoltaic project and direct the industry towards technological innovation.
Industry self-regulation: the pace is expected to accelerate. A panel discussion on the prevention of “intra-curve” malignant competition in the industry was held in Shanghai on October 14, 2024, followed by frequent self-regulation meetings in the photovoltaic sector.
With the release of October ' s photovoltaic component costs and the possibility of sub-optimal, non-performing businesses below the winning price, the Association will pay attention to them and consider strengthening industry self-regulation by means of industry-wide notification and reporting to market regulators.cpia congresses are being held and industry self-regulation is expected to develop a consensus. On the morning of 4 December, China ' s annual photovolve industry year 2024
The first session of the Conference was a lively discussion on the theme “How business should strengthen self-regulation and combat perturbing competition.” The symposium on promoting high-quality and sustainable development in the photovoltaic industry continued on 5 December.
Business representatives have thoroughly explored ways to prevent “intra-curve” malignant competition and, on the basis of the last round of meetings, have arranged for the next step in a determined effort to promote the healthy and sustainable development of the photovoltaic industry. It is expected that the major photovoltaic firms will accelerate consensus-building on the institutionalization of self-regulation in the industry and promote a gradual exit from malignant competition at the bottom.
2.2. Industrial chains: long slopes of snow at the end of the components, with profit distribution expected to tilt, the average price of the main material chain is lower than the cost price.
Common prices are lower than costs. The average cost of the integration silicon, silicon, battery, and components is approximately $34.368/kg, 0.124/w, 0.264/w, 0.605/w, respectively, in the absence of depreciation and value added tax (VAT) for each of the links, as shown by the recently released cpia photovoltaic mainstream products of December 2024 (n m10 and g12r).
The total profit of the main material chain as a whole depends on the sale price at the end of the component, and the distribution of profits within the main material is influenced by the supply and demand of the chain.
Some of the missing links achieve higher profit distributions, for example, in 2022, when silicon was made more profitable than others because of the slower pace of silicon expansion, and during the same period, where the component line was limited in profitability. The current links expand to adequately meet market demand, the links shift to order-driven, the components ' output is end-oriented through channels, brands, and so forth, with net unit gains gradually taking advantage.
Figure 18 Summary of main material chain net profit measurement ($/w) 2.2.2. Strong barriers such as channels, brands and other barriers, solid assembly patterns, strong component chain patterns.
The concentration in the chain remained stable. In 2023, the domestic silicon/silicon/ battery/assembly cr5 was 66.96%, corresponding to 5.41pt, the top 10 component manufacturers ranked only 12.57%, the same concentration level and 7.24pt. The top four core components have remained largely stable in recent years from the volume of shipments, the volume of deliveries and other enterprises.
As component end-users are oriented toward downstream power stations, five or six small and long-term dominance in the country requires long-term operations in overseas markets and high demand for long-term quality assurance and reliability of products. On top, the component taps extend upstream into the industrial chain, achieving a high share of supply, such as silicon, batteries, etc.
Figure 202023: Global top5 producer production ratio (%) 2.2.3. Overseas trade policy challenges, with global operations expected to further increase barriers Globalization of demand and Chinaization of production capacity are in contradiction with China ' s production capacity. By the end of 2023, silicon/silicon/cell block/assembly chain was in China ' s production capacity
The share of global capacity reached 93.60 per cent/97.90 per cent/90.10 per cent/83.40 per cent, compared with 59.26 per cent of global installed domestic aircraft in 2023, which is expected to continue to grow in geographical tension between supply and demand in view of the subsequent rise in overseas demand.
Countries like Europe and the United States have been strengthening trade barriers to China’s photovoltaic industrial chain, and overseas construction has become a last resort to circumvention, with Chinese firms expected to produce 73.2/97.7gw overseas by the end of 2024. The subsequent photovoltaic competition has shifted from overseas sales to overseas construction plants, subjecting South-East Asia to evading policy uncertainty.
As a result, the global distribution of production capacity is the key to the follow-up competition. The global distribution of production capacity is expected to increase in terms of capital, the operational capacity of globalization, etc., and it is expected to further increase barriers for overseas market components, with long-term globalization and offshore financing of the leading firms 3. Component 3.
3.1. Marketing end: 20 years of branding, channels, supply chains and moating river 3.1.1. Channels: overseas + domestic long-term layout, sales and operating advantages Long-term layout and global architecture. Regional headquarters: in addition to Chinese headquarters, companies set up five overseas regions
Headquarters, covering the United States, Europe, the Middle East and South-East Asia; sales operators: 15 sales operators of companies in Europe, South America, Japan, the Middle East, South Asia, etc.; manufacturing end: companies build bases in Viet Nam, Thailand, and home countries. Currently, workers come from more than 70 countries, serving more than 170 countries and territories around the world, shaping a global architecture.
Companies use both direct sales and distribution models for different components. For large power stations and components of large- and medium-sized business projects, the company sells mainly in direct sales models, providing one-stop shops from pre-sale to post-sale specialized marketing services.
In terms of distribution channels, companies have established well-established components distribution networks to sell high-quality, high-reliability component products to all parts of the world.
3.1.2. Brands: long in the forefront of the world, values are expected to highlight the important role of quality assurance services such as camps, and energy-saving emission reductions require carbon footprints, so components have some brand value. Foreign markets are influenced by factors such as the assessment of financingability, and brand values are more prominent.
Corporate brand values have long been at the forefront of the globe. The reliability, financingability, and low-carbon sustainability of corporate products have been recognized by many authoritative third parties.
For the next four years, they won the Retc “Best Overall Performance” award. Meanwhile, with a strong fundable, efficient and reliable product quality, Skylight has been on the Bnef Tier 1 Level 1 Summary for many years, receiving a 100% financing rating for bnef.
Achieving mutual recognition, product carbon footprint certification for the entire series of Topn components, and certification for the Topn mini-golden series through Norway and international epd.
Figure 25: National Green Factory, China Industrial Award
Bluesky Bloombergnef Global Maximum Value
UN Technology Lead, National Technology Inventorization Award, 500 steps.
The National Cup. It's a brand of gold.
The 2023 film box, China's new economy, China's national corporation.
Forbes, Chinese Enterprise, fsgsoer##
China’s 100 largest multinationals, China’s large enterprises, China’s manufacturing industry, 500.
China’s Strategic and Emerging Industries Top 100
Boston asks the company's global challenger 100%, the International Industrial Design Award Reddot Red Point Award, Global Source Transformation Innovation 100 Enterprises
China's branding industry logo 3.1.3. Supply chain: industrial cluster development + equity cooperation to build long-term supply chain ownership
In the long run, companies develop high-quality support firms and cooperate in forming the supply chain base. The company is based in the usual states with a concentration of light-voltaic industries and, with the pre-existing advantages of more than two decades of development, forms a set of industry clusters for the country’s leading accompaniors through nurturing, equity participation, attraction, etc.
Transport costs and communication costs; 3) Photovoltaic assistive materials, equipment development, and long-term collaboration with component manufacturers for certification, high-quality packages, industrial clustering to facilitate the development of support materials, equipment for company products and upgrading of company manufacturing capacity.
The base has a reasonable layout and enjoys an industrial concentration advantage. The base is located in a photovoltaic industrial concentration area, with Su holding four major bases. The base in the south of the country enjoys the national advantage of Changzhou, Suzhou, the tin-free apparel company. The base in the north of the country is inherited by the Sunan apparel company, while the company enjoys government preferences as a chain owner.
3.2. Marketing: long-term at the forefront of the industry, and integration of the precise distribution of the production capacity out of the sea 3.2.1. Industry status: production capacity and sales are long at the top of the industry.
Integrated production capacity is at the top of the world. By the end of 2023, the company ' s production of crystals/slices/cells/assemblies was relatively slowing down, and the company ' s production of photovolt silicon/cells/assemblies was expected to reach 55gw/105gw/120gw by the end of 2024.
Production and output lead industries. The company has been in the world’s leading position for years, with a component output of 60.68gw in 2023, which was 34gw in the first half of the year, an increase of more than 25% in the same year. The company’s 12-year-long output ranking as the world’s top industrial chain deficit has put pressure on integrated firms.
The impact of price fluctuations in the upstream industrial chain is being reduced by the fact that, as a result of the general loss of the entire chain of main industries, multiple links are better off than self-help, integration results in higher losses, especially as the silicon chain integration becomes a drag on the performance of companies. Firms maintain a consistent strategy of prudence, adopting flexible and moderate vertical integration.
By the end of 2023, the company ' s silicon production capacity was 55gw, silicon/component capacity was 57.89%, and production capacity and silicon/assembly capacity were significantly lower than in the tap. At the same time, most silicon production capacity was lower.
By the end of 2023, the company ' s battery production capacity stood at 75gw, the battery/assembly capacity at 78.95%, and was at a reasonable level in the core of the component, with the expected release of 3.2.3. Outwards in the following industry: overseas layout leading, precise circumvention of overseas policy changes
In 2009, the company established a regional European headquarters in Switzerland, followed by sales companies in Germany, Spain, Italy, and in 2010, the company established a regional headquarters for the Americas in California, United States of America, to fully operate the North American and Latin American markets.
In 2016, factories in Thailand and Viet Nam became operational, and plants in Thailand and Viet Nam have now formed 6.5gw lacquer slices, batteries, and components to achieve high earnings and profits abroad. The overseas earnings of the company components were relatively high, with policy influence contracting in 2024. In 2023, the company components achieved offshore revenues of 42,493 million yuan, or 55.58 per cent, with Europe and the United States accounting for each of them.
The US Department of Commerce launched a double counter-survey on photovoltaic products imported from four countries in South-East Asia in the first half of the year, and there was an increase in productivity uncertainty in South-East Asia.
Only 0.14%, the lowest of all companies. In addition, in 2023, the company pre-positioned the Indonesian base (1gw battery, 1gw component) and the United States base (5gw component), which is expected to be operational by the beginning of November, with the first component being offline.
The company’s 5gw was announced in November 2024 to sell to Freyr and obtain the corresponding shares, claims, and cash from Freyr. The direct investment cost of the company after sale raises the cash flow, while at the same time it is expected to avoid the risk of changes such as the follow-up US-ira policy through indirect holding of shares.
3.3. Product end: global scenario + technological innovation achieves efficiency gains 3.3.1. Product lines: landscape-wide variations in layout. Company product lines meet landscape needs with different product advantage focus. Component power is distributed from 495w-760w,
The size, power, diversity, distribution (household, commercial) and concentration (ground power stations, agro-light complementarity, catch complementarity, large power stations). At the same time, product power is differentiated from market-based products, and the advantages of high power are highlighted.
The top-of-the-art N mini-gold assembly is 48 pieces and 495w, using the All-Black Americani component, which targets high-end markets such as the Euro-American household and the roofs of the villas in China.
In December 2024, the company ' s national priority laboratory for photovoltaic science and technology officially announced that it had developed 27.08 per cent of the hjt, the 29th world record of creating and refreshing the world, and that it was currently in contact with the structure of the crystalline silicon cell on the back side.
The highest-ranking, and the first-time efficiency in direct back-to-back contact of structural batteries was over 27%. Figure 34 shows the cost of R & D and the speed of growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) of technology routes that are fully covered and time-consuming.
Topcon. In fact, the company’s synchronized reserves of technology routes are expected to continue to dominate in the future. hjt, where the company’s Xiao'an test line was scheduled to be launched in May 2024, and xbc, where the company took the lead in 2012 in considering the current return on investment, is still in the reserve phase.
In the first half of 2024, company R & D imported carrier current enhancement exposure techniques, low-complex and high-impact emitters, superstitial passivation based on pecvd, chemical exposure membrane design, battery efficiency overall increased by 0.7 per cent, and through metallic graphic design, graphic upgrading and slurry performance.
Topcon continued upscaling to achieve more than 27 per cent reduction in slurry sheet consumption to industry leaders; and significantly increased product reliability through high-efficiency anti-uv passivated membrane design, wet-resistant thermal decay process, anti-pid decay membrane design, etc.
The hjt battery and assembly technology, which is one of the current research priorities of the company, achieved a production-size Hjt battery conversion efficiency of 26.50 per cent (Germany's Isfhcallab test certificate) through the development and import of microcrystal silicon technology, high-mobility transparent conductive film technology, and new electrode technology, with a volume-size conversion efficiency of 26.5 per cent (Germany's Isfhcallab test certificate), leading the industry to the same-size battery conversion efficiency.
In May 2024, the company announced its plan to build a hjt test line in Huaian.
The company's deep-seated new silica photovoltaic technology, which improves the conversion efficiency of sorbium/crystal silicon stacked batteries through the mixing of sorbium bodies, interface processing, group control, process regulation and the design of a compound cell structure, has achieved more than 29 per cent efficiency in large-scale two-end stacked batteries, while the development of stacked battery assemblies and the verification of device reliability have made overall progress, making an important step towards industrialization of the scavenging batteries.
As early as 2012, the company took up 863 national topics and created a world record of large-scale N-ibc battery efficiency in 2014, 2016 and 2019, leading the research and development industry.
In 2017, the company began to lead the global energy grid, building the intelligent energy system, and has now developed a distributed system that is represented by the sky, the sky and the riches, and a panorama of storage energy and tracking support.
4.1.1. Follow-up support: the domestic penetration rate is expected to rise, and it is expected to become a global mainstream. The global track support market is characterized by regional imbalances, dominated by demand for terrestrial photovoltaic power stations, concentrated in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Latin America, etc.
In global markets, tracking support with lower power costs and higher power generation has become a mainstream option. In terms of global tracking feeder penetration, North America, Latin America, the Middle East, Australia, etc. have nearly 90% penetration, and there is much room for domestic demand upgrading. While tracking systems have the advantage of generating more electricity, their costs are relatively relative.
High, and currently less used in the domestic market. The market share of the tracking system fell to about 5.3 per cent in 2023, compared to the global installation penetration rate of the leading tracking supports in 2022, figure 36 (%) 4.1.2. Companies: technology+brand channels+smart platforms, support operations are on the rise
In 2018, the company gradually acquired the world’s leading Spanish tracker, nclave, to form a global channel and production centre. As the world’s first feeder, Nclave has long-term technology and branding, channel deposition.
In 2023, the company stinted a total of 9.6gw, with 46gw, or 47.92% of the total, and the company strategized the staircase to the sixth place in the world and the second in the country.
For the benefit of the continued low price of components and the increase in the volume and proportion of company-tracked feeder stock, company-backed business captures and profitability are shown in figure 40 Global Stock Exchanges (%) and in figure 41 Company-tracked loads and Māori ratios over the years (gw, %)
Everyone, 6% antaisollar, 2% jsollar, 2%
Newtracker, 23% ideamatec, 3% solarsteel, 4%
Soltec, 5% triatracker (days arctech.9%)
Gamechange, pvhardware, 10%. Distributed system 4.2. Distributed system tap, heavy and thin transport operations
Brand + Channel + Operations Model, leading the way in a distributed system. A subsidiary, Cheon Fu, was established in October 2016 as a subsidiary of a distributed photovoltaic power market under the flag of Trina. The company first introduced the concept of an original photovoltaic system in the industry, creating a complete system of product R & D, marketing, post-sale installation, intelligent transport. To date, the co-founder has developed an integrated system of product R & D, marketing, post-sales, and intelligent transport.
Home operations have spread throughout the country ' s provinces, with over 4,000 households and business outlets, over 20,000 service points and over 1.2 million users provided with original power stations and services.
Figure 43 The main business model of the sky is distributed to contribute revenue, in tandem with the development of the components. The company’s distributed business continues to be a leader, with the richest family in the world ranking two, with domestic household markets accounting for nearly 20%. The company’s distributed system delivered 7.80gw in 2023, compared to 88.41%.
In 2023, wealthy co-owners achieved operating income of 16,239 million yuan and net profits of 421 million yuan. The company ' s sales of 2024q1-q3 reached 4.2gw and continued to grow steadily. Rich co-owners of 2024h1 achieved operating income of 3,378 million yuan and net profits amounted to $30 million.
The de-marketing scheme is terminated, and it is expected that the follow-up will be coordinated with operations such as components.
Based on the company’s pre-development distributed system operations, localization of the channels accumulated in the regions, coupled with digital monitoring of the company’s Toyoto system, on-line real-time monitoring of the operation of the power station, detection of faults through the ai big data, and the company’s power station’s rich and thin operation.
By the end of June 2024, the size of the photovoltaic station had reached 14gw, an increase of more than 80% over the same period last year. By the end of September, the company had 15.2gw dimensions.
The company provides a stable profit and cash flow. In 2023, the company generated electricity and generated revenue from the company's operations and operations, which generated revenues of $752 million, or +586.70 per cent, and realized a Māori profit of $415 million, with Māori rates of profit from the company's power and transport operations in figure 47 (billions, %)
4.3. Storage energy: Photo-store synergy, moving to a high-speed development period. Photo-store synergy is expected to increase corporate advantage. Storage can be an important tool for photo-voltaic resolution due to the volatility of photovoltaic power generation. Given the high degree of overlap between storage capacity and the type of customers in the photovoltaic industry, there is a great deal of agreement on business expansion.
Simultaneously, there is a wide market space for the solution of light storage integration. Companies, with their global market channels and brand influence at the end of their components, provide solid support for the expansion of the globalization of storage operations.
Products, technologies, and channels are gradually being developed into a high-speed development period. The company’s storage capacity began in 2015, with a long-term improvement of the layout, with a deep accumulation in terms of output end, product, and channel. 2024h1 storage can deliver 1.7gwh, with a new generation of flexible liquid cold batteries, ilementa 2, elementa 2elevate, and a business storage system, Potentia Blue.
Sea 2 and Neexeos household energy storage solutions. 2) Capability: Company 's overall layout vertically verticalized industrial chain up and down, with production bases in the counties of Chang, Chenzhou and Da Fung forming a “triangular” overall layout, currently generating 12 gwh of storage batteries, straight-flow batteries and a mix of direct-flow products. 3) Brand name: the company acquired bnef global Tier 1 level reserves for four consecutive quarters.
Producers, top 10 rankings in the Chinese market for the integration of global storage systems, have been evaluated as smtier1 source-side storage system suppliers. 4) Technology: company storage products using self-researched self-generated cores have now completed 12,000 cycles of 280ah and 306ah core platform technology development and design freezes, and for the first time in the industry, the application of the solid lithium supplementation technology to core products
Figure 49 stores state-of-the-art products and cores.
A comparison of valuations is made. For 2024-2026, the average of comparable company pbs was 1.79 times (1.67 times/1.52 times, respectively. According to the prefix, it benefited from such advantages as brands, channels, internationalized layouts, etc.
(i) Photovoltaic machines are not growing as fast as expected. The global light voltage is not as high as expected and will further exacerbate the supply-demand relationship of the industrial chain, with adverse effects on company prices and profitability; (ii) global policy risks. Over-expected trade policy additions abroad will negatively affect domestic firms ' output and profitability.
(c) The risk of price fluctuations in the industrial chain. The continued repression of prices in the industrial chain by downstream terminals, as well as fluctuations in the price of raw materials in the upstream sector, may have a negative impact on corporate profitability.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.