On August 31, the European Commission announced that the EU anti-dumping and countervailing measures against glacial products would be implemented by the European Union.
The end of 3 September, which will allow the return to normal trade in photovoltaics in Central Europe, is expected to ease the impact of the New Deal 531 with the end of the EU photovoltaic reverse (as of 31 August 2018).
On August 31, the EC announced that the EU anti-dumping and countervailing measures against glacial products would end on September 3th. Before the EU turned back, nearly 70% of domestic products were exported to Europe, with a price-limit commitment reached in July 2013 and extended at a later stage.
Taking into account that the withdrawal of the photovoltaic double-reverse will raise the capacity of the EU's photovoltaic additions, the market environment, for example, will be more conducive to the output and profit security of domestic photovoltaic firms ... It is hoped that the domestic disadvantages of the “531” photovoltaic new deal will be alleviated.
The average price of the film products remained strong and the PVP influenced its performance, which was 2.97 per cent less than the previous year; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was 225 million yuan, compared to the previous quarter, when companies sold 134 million square metres and 140 million square metres of photovoltaic film, respectively, to achieve revenue.
916 million yuan and 984 million yuan: sales of 881.83 million square metres and 1,007.9 million square metres of q1 and q2 quarter sales of photo-voltage membrane, respectively, were higher than last year ' s 668 yuan/pm and 665 yuan/pm in the same period, and the rims continued to reheating;
In terms of raw material prices, the main dollar and $11.17. The photovoltaic industry is heavily influenced by policy, and this year there has been a major change in policy, with the cultivation of photo-packaging materials and the expansion of new materials operations.
The size of the new photovoltaics in the country will be reduced to 30-45gw levels in the year, down somewhat from 2017. The impact is a slight decline in the company’s Māori rate in the first half of the year, and profits are synchronized.
Since the introduction of the 531 New Deal, market sentiment has been pessimistic, and companies have been smoothing their influence through technological advantages and overseas markets. As parity access approaches, photovoltaic component performance requires gradual improvement, which has led to a gradual optimization of the company’s product structure, with high unit prices of white eva and poe glue.
In terms of the foreign market, the company has increased its foreign market share through long-term branding effects and large customer strategies, and the new factory district in Foster, Thailand, has officially been put into use to complete the overseas production of new materials ahead of schedule.
With regard to the material project, the installation of equipment for the first phase of the production of the silicon membrane is expected to be completed in four quarters, the Division ' s products have been successfully imported through the testing of the country ' s large-scale pcb enterprise; with regard to the aluminium plastic film, the company ' s products have been produced in quantities and the 3c battery customer has been successfully imported: organic silicon encapsulated material
Fccl is still product refinement and testing, and based on the downward revision of the domestic industrial subsidy policy, we are making downward adjustments to the company’s performance projections, which are less than anticipated in the photovoltaic sector; changes in the international situation, which have a large counter-impact; and the emergence of industry prices.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, relevant to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.