Defence Force Air Force, Air Force, iii, Wang Angkor, Chinese aircraft: asset replacement is going well, big aircraft core.
China Air aircraft: growth robust in the previous three quarters, continuing to benefit from air traffic
On February 13, 2020, at the order of President Xi Jinping, the Air Force arrived at Wuhan Tian Airport and transported a large number of military medical personnel and medical supplies to assist Wuhan in the fight against the epidemic.
This is an important part of the strategic transport system of the Chinese army for the next 20 years. With the shipment of 20 and 9 shipments of equipment, the strategic delivery capability of the Army will be qualitatively enhanced.
Figure 2: Transport 20 and transport 9 to Wuhan Airport. According to public information, this transport 20 transporter involved in the transport medical rescue mission is attached to two units, one division of the Western Ministry Air Force and one division of the Central War Zone.
It's 1,200 km. A regiment in the central war zone is located in Henan. This strategic transport is the first time that the 20th transporter of the second SLM-20 is publicly visible. Second, the Chinese aircraft (000768), are the core assets of the Chinese Da-China aircraft.
The shipment of 20 large strategic transport aircraft and 9 medium-sized tactical transport aircraft are the main product of the Chinese aircraft (000768). The company is the core asset developed by China’s Chinese Da-China aircraft. In addition to the transport aircraft, the transport of 20 and 9 extensions of the platforms for early warning machines, refuelling machines, anti-submarines, electronic warfare aircraft are important multipliers for our troops.
Strategic bombers (thousand 20) are all important weapons and equipment that meet the strategic transformation needs of the SLA. Thirdly, investment proposals: maintaining the “buy-in-a” Chinese aircraft is a core asset in the development of our Chinese aircraft.
In addition, in mid-2020, the national investment proposal was to maintain the "buy-a" rating of investments. The Chinese aircraft (000768), the core asset developed by the Chinese and Chinese aircraft, are the multipliers of our military strength, and the company's new numbers and new orders are full.
1. The development of the new model has not progressed as expected.2 The number of new orders has fallen short of expectations.