The industrial cycle combines the internal dynamics, with a summary of the upswing in performance: Upstream rangeland integration, the gradual release of the original milk supply capacity, and the probability that the original milk price will pick up in the second half of 2022. Market inputs will continue to be weak during the period when the original milk rises.
This stress relief, the continuous evolution of unit price recovery and high-end ratios, will jointly promote the industries: accelerated integration of supply, demand for flowers and flowers. (1) Supply: increased supply driven by single production, and continued milk prices. In the short term, supply and demand
The gap and the high price of feed support the price of original milk. In the long run, the impact of increased investment in cow breeding on the supply-demand relationship will begin to emerge, as shown by the large-scale pastoralist company prices compared to the depth of 300 per cent.
The field ratio has increased significantly, leading to a rapid increase in single milk production. (2) Demand: liquid milk: constant-temperature pure milk is the most attractive with the largest market capacity and faster growth, while low-temperature pure milk becomes the most promising class due to the spread of market shares and the high-speed increase.
The consumption of the benefits will continue to rise. Cactile beverages, milky beverages, will be shuffled in the face of a shrinking industry and will be accompanied by new demand for consumption to recover warmth.
Increased demand and potential for growth. Ice cream: Industry has room for integration, domestic brands have the hope to further strengthen the leadership by expanding the line of high-end products through close alignment with rising consumption trends. Cheese: in the early stages of remaking cheese and catering, the focus will move from remaking cheese to nature.
Cheese, moving from a Western fast-food scenario to a home consumption scene. (3) Trends: product structure upgrades are evident, with a growing market position for medium- and high-end products; dairy products in the lower-line market are growing significantly, with significant additional demand for consumption to be developed; online sales are still to be developed
Keeping up with high growth, big malls and big supermarkets are still the main channels. Quality class upgrades, global marketing, fine operations provide a high-quality growth engine for companies. (1) Accurate matching of demand, iterative upgrading of products.
Consumer testing, continuous innovation in the function and experience of products, research and development of products that match consumer-specific needs, with a contribution of about 15% for new products. For supermons that are gradually maturing, companies have also been expanding their product life cycles through packaging and taste upgrading.
Emerging consumption demand is constantly being developed. Because of the precision of consumption demand, companies capture the dividends of milk upgrading, and there is a steady rise in the share of major commodity markets and Maori. (2) Both online and offline, and under the back-breeding industry.
Downstream channel resources, with a large network of distributors and end channels. At the same time, it is keen to seize the opportunity of fast-growing online distribution channels, to develop strongly online distribution channels, to achieve full coverage of electrical platforms such as Skycat, Kyoto, etc., and to generate revenue more rapidly than industry.
Development benefits from consumer insight, thus increasing the efficiency of the supply chain and the cost-investment effect, as evidenced by the increased volatility of corporate gross sales and the stabilization of advertising costs. (3) Building an industry-wide chain of intelligent dairy industry. Companies integrate with the resources of leading Internet companies.
A cloud-marketing system that connects erp-tms-wms-distributors-end-door data. Cloud-based systems help companies to capture market insights, explore more advanced branding models, and help companies to drive business growth through more accurate market decision-making.
Expand upstream, raise the intellectual level of the plant, build “smart pastures”, control quality size, cover for the first time, and give a “buy-in” rating. Cost-up cycles drive down the cost of sales, open up, cost pressures are phased out in the second half of the year, and companies will be more resilient.
Prices of raw materials exceed expected risks, food safety risks, product promotion and access failure.
In February 1993, the company was launched by 21 sponsors to bring in other corporate and internal workers.
On March 12, 1996, the company was officially listed on a roll-out card, which became the country's largest collection gap of hundreds of millions of dollars in dairy industry, and continued to expand its leading edge, with the company's market value entering the upscaling route, 2015
On August 25, the Dutch Cooperative Bank published a 2021 “Global Breast Industry 20” list, with the company building a healthy food matrix with liquid milk at US$ 13.8 billion 1.2, and a healthy food matrix with the main Ili brand and liquid milk at its core. As early as 1993, the company set up a cold food matrix.
Since then, the company has been running a branding business according to product categories, providing a solid basis for continuous leadership. The company's liquid milk, powder milk, yogurt, cheese and healthy drinking business.
Milk, sour milk, has greatly increased the shelf life of liquid milk, and has further increased the radiation exposure of liquid milk. The introduction in 1998 of Eli's yogurt milk created a brand-new product, created the blue sea of the Ili liquid milk age, and thus created a new pattern of China's milk and beverages market, leading China's milk industry to fully enter the “liquid milk age.”
In 2007, the gold crown series of baby and child products was launched. This is the formula for the first Chinese breast milk study, and the formula powder for the first Chinese baby. In 2007-2008, the gold-synchronous organic milk, saturated milk, and qq stars were placed on the market, breaking down the consumer population and initiating the upgrading of the product.
Ammush's low-temperature yogurt, growing to over 20 billion supermons. In recent years, while deep-dry dairy products, the company's testing water has expanded horizontally on the healthy food track, introducing new products such as bubble water, vegetable protein drinks, packaging water, chart 3 branded product combinations.
The main drivers of the growth in the volume of the company have been a few categories of material. The share of revenue has been close to 80% in figure 4 liquid milk camps (%) and over 70% in figure 5 liquid milk.
1.3 The management is stable, the employee shares are tied to the interests. The company does not have an absolute shareholder, the core management is stable and has greater control. The largest shareholders in the company are callers.