Ely shares have improved patterns of competition, long-term growth logic has been clear, and strong patterns of breast-drawn competition have been improved and will continue in the future.
Keeping up with growth, with a focus on milk powder, cheese business, low-temperature milk layout, the company as a whole can maintain a faster rate of growth, and future profitability will continue to increase.
The pattern of breast-head competition has improved and will continue in the future. 1) From industry data and sources, competition in the dairy sector has improved. The past two years have seen a downward trend in the cost of Eli's single-season sales, and profits have been rising during the period of the rise in the price of original milk. 2) Subjective factors from the Elymon cow.
It seems that high-intensity spending has not changed the pattern of competition between the two, the marginal benefits of cost spending have diminished, both companies are willing to increase profit margins, and improvements in the pattern of competition in the industry will continue. Executive teams are stable, motivated, and companies are clearly stronger than industry.
Stewardship, equity incentives, and employee ownership schemes are moving forward, guaranteeing stable and efficient corporate development. To increase employee motivation, corporate governance mechanisms are constantly being innovative, companies introduce employee holding platforms to Irie's good cheese company, which holds 40% of shares, and actively develop cheese and functional foods.
Innovative products, etc. 2) Companies are clearly better equipped than industry, have less access than industry, have less access than industry, have more direct control, have more than 1096,000 village networks, have more capacity for product development and renewal, are more forward-looking, and have a better grasp of business.
Eli's long-term growth logic is clear, and performance growth is high. 1) There is no need to worry that Ammush will slow down, and that the high end of the product as a whole will continue to grow.
The share of Senamussi continues to rise, and it's hard to shake other products in the gift market. Companies extend the life cycle of Ammush by creating new (15.5) (8.9).
It's more important to have a monolith. Gold is constantly upgraded. In the last three quarters, gold has been growing by more than 20%, gold is growing by more than 50% organically. The company's forward-looking layout and precision of business will help to grow in high-end whole-body products. 2) In dairy products, Eli will build a matrix of diversified products that will focus on:
Fulfilled milk powder, cheese business, low layouts, major brands and gold medals. 3) The concentration of China's dairy industry has reached high levels, compared to global peaks, and when competition slows down, Eli's profit rate will continue to rise, with the target net interest rate rising to 9-10 per cent.
Eli grew certainly, 22 years pe23 times, compared a share of other food taps, higher than double-sinks, lower than poo-tao, sea sky and other segmented industries, with a safe margin in valuation. My competition patterns between Eli and Monx have not improved as expected, and sales costs have remained high.
The products and channels are not expanding as expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: food processing
Industry data and channel tracking show that competition in the dairy sector has improved, and industry data in the aftermath of the epidemic have reflected improved patterns of competition, with the cost of selling dairy enterprises of 2q20-2q21 and above falling by five consecutive seasons.
Based on the data of the Bureau of Statistics, the cost of selling milk enterprises above their size was 49.6 billion yuan in 2020, representing a sales cost of 11.81 per cent, down 0.66 pct from 12.47 per cent in the same period the previous year. The cost of selling Eli single-quarters has shown a downward trend over the past two years, with 2q20-2q21 single-quarter sales.
Intra-industry trends of rising prices and product escalation are high-end hot milk; as seen from the investment of Ely's sales costs, it is clear that Eli has controlled channel cost inputs since July 20th to ensure profit growth, and that channel feedback suggests that Eli has a tight cost control. The following two main phenomena have been observed in the recent electric platform, compared to the high-end hot-milk prices in October 2021 and June 2021: (1) prices show different patterns.
The rise in the price of gold and gold and gold and other organic dream caps has been followed by an upward trend, with prices rising by 33 per cent after gold and 35 per cent after sales, 2 per cent after sales at the end of Ammush and 17 per cent before sales at the end of Ammush. (2) There is a clear upward trend in product upgrading: there is a complete upgrading of the Trondsu organic to the dream and no sale of the Trondsou and the organic dream caps.
In the wake of the epidemic, the nutritionally healthy, the basic white milk and the high-end white milk are popular with consumers, and according to the Caddy Consumer Index, 1h21 high-end white milk + 24%, and the basic white milk + 12%; while the upstream milk price rises, both in terms of supply and demand, have caused milk to increase the price of its products.
We judge that future competition between Eli and Montagnard’s head will continue to slow, mainly considering the following three points: (1) high-intensity spending has not changed the pattern of competition, and it is hoped that it will become rational. (2) Eli and Montagnard have a subjective incentive to control costs and release profits.
(3) The competition pattern in the enabling sector has improved against a background of moderate and rising original milk prices in 4q and 2022. Figure 5. Comparison of the price of Moncer products (October 2021 compared to June 2021) High-intensity spending has not changed the pattern of competition, and costs have become more rational.
We believe that there was a special reason for the high-intensity cost of Ely and Mon cattle in 2018-2019, but the high-intensity cost did not change the pattern of competition between the two. From Nelson's data, the market share of warm milk rose for both Ely and Mon cattle in 2018 and 2019, while Eli continued to rise in 2020 and 1h21 at a level of 3q21. Monx focused more on low-temperature breeding, with 1h21 low-temperature milk + 120% market share.
On the whole, high-intensity spending did not change the industry’s position with regard to the Elemon cattle as a result of competition. In 2020 and in the 1-3q21 Eri, both at the end of income and at the end of profit, were higher than the industry’s level, the previous three quarters (income + 15 per cent, profit + 32 per cent) Monx 21 Māori ratio was only -0.8 pct in case of higher milk prices, and structural upgrading led to a clear net interest rate +3.2 pct of 6.4 per cent.
Figure 6. The dairy industry compared with the growth rate of the Elymons, Figure 7. The dairy industry compared with the increase in the profits of the Elysiums and Montshuts.
There is no need to worry about the loss of market share. In 20 years, the price of ELEMON's sales has been constant, and the market share has increased. The market share of 1H21 ELEMON's warm liquid milk market is 67.6%, with double oligopoly playing a role in reducing competition patterns.
According to industry data, in 2018-2019, the cost of marketing in the industry was higher than in the same amount and was largely derived from Eli and Monx, with a significant reduction in the cost of companies in 20 years and 1h21 and a reduction in the overall cost of marketing in other dairy companies. According to the National Statistical Office, the cost of marketing in the dairy sector as a whole in 2019 was 48.9 billion, a 3 per cent increase, a 2.7 billion increase in the same year, and the cost of selling in the Ili was 21.1 billion, a corresponding increase.
1.3 billion, with the same increase of $2.7 billion. In 2020, the overall cost of marketing in the dairy sector increased by only $600 million, with an increase of $500 million in Eli and a constant increase in the cost of marketing in Mon cattle, with $21.5 billion in absolute terms for both Eli and Mon cattle; and a 100 million increase in the overall cost of selling in the 1h21 industry, 1.1 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, for Elemon cattle, with an increase in absolute terms of $12.4 billion and 12.9 billion, respectively.
The pressure-support industry, with higher upstream milk prices, has slowed down, with two companies significantly reducing their incremental costs and other dairy companies reducing their overall sales costs. In terms of cost-effectiveness, despite a significant 20-year reduction in cost increases, single-good gold medals have increased by 20%, and Trenchus+18%, with increased input output.
Figure 10.2018-1h 21. Increase in milk company sales (comparable caliber) Figure 11. Change in Ilemon cattle sales cost (%) Figure 12. Change in Ili gross sales margin
Figure 13. Change in the gross sales spread of Monxes, Eli and Monx advertising fees are already high, increasing the marginal utility of inputs is decreasing, and the future rate of increase is expected to be significantly lower than revenue.
The lead companies, Eli and Monx, both in the absolute value of advertising fees and in the proportion of advertising fees to sales earnings, are leading the trades of spices, white wine, beer, meat products, etc. In 2022, Eli became the only official dairy partner of the Olympics and Winter Paralympics, and is expected to contribute more to brand image. The marginal effects of increased advertising fees will be significantly reduced, and competition between the two oligarchs will gradually take place.
Once secure, future advertising costs for Elie Monx are expected to increase significantly less than revenue. 1h21 advertising fees for sales -1.7 pct - did not affect the market position of Eli.
Eli and Monx have the power to control costs, release profits, and through multiple periods of equity incentives and employee ownership schemes, Eli has deeply tied the interests of senior managers, employees and shareholders. (1) The Stakeholder Scheme is implemented in 10 phases, i.e., one for each year from 2014 to 2023, with each employee holding.
On 11 December 2020, the fifth employee holding scheme stock was sold; on 25 June 2021, the eighth employee holding scheme lock was regularly closed; the mid-level motivation was extended to core business and technical staff; and on 30 September 2019, the company continued to implement its shareholdings.
Incentives, covering core management and middle-level cores, release 152,428 million restricted shares to incentive recipients. Companies will achieve equity incentive targets in 2020 on a positive basis.
In addition, according to Monx Five-Year Plan 2025 income and profit doubling, Monx executives are required to check income and profits and need to balance the relationship between income and profit growth. (1) From the statements made by the top executives in investor exchanges over the past two years, companies want to expand their market share while profit margins maintain their upward trend. (2) According to the announcement of 24 December 18 18 18, in order to stimulate core management, the public,
Three years of performance were awarded. (3) On 1 April 2020, in order to motivate the core management, Monx issued another announcement granting 1,016,887 shares (0.03% of general shares issued, HK$ 26.54 per share price). As at 1h21, the company ' s executive director, Mr. Luminwen, held an interest of 0.29% in the milk industry.
As of 19 October 2021, 58,308,671 shares had been awarded, representing 1.48% of the stock. Monx emphasized the goal of raising the operating profit margin in 2021. Monx increased profit rates significantly in 2018-2019, and ammunition for promotion and advertising was adequate. Mon cattle, despite a similar income + 10.6% in 2020, were prevented by the outbreak.
Costs and additional impact costs, among others, affect the company ' s profits, with an operating profit rate of 4.31 per cent, a decrease of 0.8 pct over the same period. 1h21 income + 22.3 per cent, Māori rates are only -0.8 pct when the price of milk rises, structural upgrades are obvious, operating profitability +2.1 pct to 6.1 per cent, and Luminus raised the 21-year comparative operating profit margin at a performance exchange held in August 2021, with the appropriate future convergence of Monx.
(iii) Long-term service plan: On 26 September 2020, the Ily shares considered the adoption of the Long-Term Service Plan, which aims to strengthen the long-term binding of the interests of the company and the interests of its employees, and is renewed for a period of 20 years from the date of adoption of the review and is implemented once a year, with the right to apply upon retirement. The purpose of the plan is: (1) to strengthen the long-term binding of the interests of the company and the interests of its employees, and to ensure that employees are conscious of the need to promote the continued development of the company;
Sharing, risk sharing; (2) further improving the staff remuneration system to respond positively to increasing competition for talent and to encourage core talent to take root in the company; (3) further improving the cohesion of the company’s workforce and the competitiveness of the company to attract a wider pool of excellence from outside and to promote long-term, sustained and healthy development of the company.
In addition, where stocks are purchased through the market value of the second market, long-term service schemes may be involved in the company’s non-public distribution of stocks, stock allocation, debt transfer, etc., the long-term service plans are locked regularly for 12 months from the date of the company’s declaration of stock registration to the current plan; they are maintained for review and approval.
For 20 years, each year, the long-term service plan is implemented on a rolling basis, independently of each other, and may be extended by a decision of the Board of Directors after the expiry of the period of service; the right to apply for an interest on retirement is granted.
For the purpose of promoting the future “long-term, sustained and healthy development” of the company, the participants were 10 members of the company's directors, Pan Gang, Zhao Chengxia, Wang Xiaogang, Zhao Ying, Wang A Qing and Qiu Hsing Min and others, with a total of 340 employees, of whom Pang, Zhao Sung-ha, Wang Xiaogang, Zhao Ying, Wang A Qing and Qiu ' s share of the 10 members was proportional.
Figure 23. Holdings of the first phase of the long-term service scheme, the background to the mild increase in the price of original milk, the improvement of competitive patterns in the enabling sector.
According to the historical data available to the Ministry of Rural Agriculture and the National Statistical Office, sales rates in the dairy sector above scale fluctuated in the direction of the original milk price, with the exception of 2012.
The pressure on production costs had to shrink until the market exited, and the large and medium-sized milk companies had reduced their milk prices in the past to protect the interests of milk farmers from excessive milk collection, adjusted marketing strategies accordingly, and the industry’s sales rate fell and competition slowed down. The epidemic was a short-term disturbance of milk prices, and the original milk price of 1.3q this year was on a upward trend, but the larger firms were passively shrinking; we expect 4q
A narrow increase, with upstream-scale rangelands dominated, business efficiency increased, and downstream demand increased, together driving the increase in the price of original milk, which, according to the Ministry of Agriculture, has increased steadily since the recovery of downstream demand in May 2020, reaching a high of $4.38 per kilogram on 25 August 2021, with an average milk price of $4.32 per kilogram as of the current quarter of 4q.
Large increases are mainly affected by the disruption of milk prices during the same period of the previous year, and the combination of upstream-scaled pastures, higher operating efficiency, downstream demand and so on will restore a moderate upward trend in the price of original milk, which we judge to narrow to a single-digit increase of 4q and improve the pattern of competitive milk prices.
Figure 24. Average cost of fresh milk in the main production area