Performance meets expectations \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Dom Young-kang. The electrolytic fluids are profitable, leading the profitable industry. The electrolytic fluids are profitable, mostly in raw material prices.
As a result of volatility and increased competition, we expect the company to deliver about 200,000 tons of electrolyte in the first half of the year, and q2 tons in the same year, an increase of 25.56 per cent in the ring ratio; and one ton of profit, public.
First, the optimal product structure increases profitability: in terms of cost, the company owns the industry's leading liquid lithium hexafluorate process technology, the unit capacity investment costs and production costs are significantly lower than the industry average; the product structure side
By adjusting the sales strategy for lithium ion cell materials, the company actively promoted the sale of 6f and lifsi of core raw materials and effectively raised the level of profitability.
The company focused in the first half of the year on the debugging of 300,000 tons of iron phosphate (phase I) lines, enhancing the competitive advantage of the product while advancing the production process.
The first six months of the year, with the same increase of 67% in iron phosphate products, the competitive advantage of corporate integration costs will be more pronounced as such products continue to be released. Active distribution of production capacity will drive global integration.
Several supply bases, including Xijiang and Tianjin, have continued to build national and focused international regional strategic supply systems; in the area of the external layout of the Sea, the Oem plant in Germany was successfully operational, the United States electrolytic fluid project continued to be built, and the company continued to operate.
It is proposed to continue to expand the distribution of overseas production capacity through the establishment of a subsidiary in Morocco. \triangleright 1.  (002709.sz) Annual Report 2023:
2. Tri-quarter 2023: Performance short-term pressure and expected continued share of electrolysis taps
3. Tianchi material (002709.sz) 2023 semi-annual report: Evaluation: Profitability of Electrolysis (ECL) leading peers to release gdr performance forecast: q2 performance ring decline and electrolyte profit
Assessment: Performance meets expectations, electrolysis taps are profitable and resilient - 2023/04/19 Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.