Lithium ion cell materials account for 4,732 million yuan, or 86.82% of the revenue.
At the end of the reporting period, the primary raw materials, lithium hexafluorate and lifsi, had exceeded 97 per cent self-supply and, under the integrated layout of the company, the market and profitability levels of the company's electrolytic liquid products remained industry leaders; The sales of iron phosphate products had increased by 67 per cent on a year-on-year basis, influenced by product prices and sales earnings by 21 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
However, positive business profitability continues to be constrained by the intense competition for products. Solar materials and special chemicals generated $544 million, or 9.97 per cent, and sales of daily materials increased by 7.5 per cent over the same period last year, and sales increased by 11.36 per cent.
Over the past two years, the company's research and development has focused on the following areas: 1) lithium cell electrolysis, which will focus on iron, lithium hyperenergy density system, tri-dollar high nickel system, tri-dollar high voltage system, silicon carbon system, phosphate manganese lithium system and sodium system, and nickel-manganese binary 5v electrolyte development and fast charge and semi-stabilized/stabilized electrolyte and ancillary resolution.
(ii) With regard to positive materials, in 2024, product technology will focus mainly on second- and third-generation pressurized production and sale of CHANG Wenchen type of iron phosphate lithium, as well as production and sale of long-cycle phosphate lithium, four-generation phosphate-based lithium,
The development of products such as new sodium positive materials meets the needs of customers in the power cell market. 3) Other lithium battery materials.
At the end of the reporting period, there were 936 company patent applications, of which 502 were authorized, including 295 inventions.
There are 196 new designs, 11 of them, and there are a number of potential reductions in the iron phosphate project. The price of the lithium battery material industry has dropped significantly, except for the leading firms.
This year, the company will focus on the decomposition of 300,000 tons of iron phosphate projects and improvements in production processes to reduce phosphate by increasing capacity utilization.
The company actively promotes international customer certification and co-operation, as well as the establishment of overseas factories.
In the reporting period, the company continued to expand its overseas workforce, the German Oem factory successfully became operational, the U.S. electrolyte project continued to build, and the company intends to continue to expand its overseas production capacity through the establishment of a subsidiary in Morocco to boost integrated capacity-building abroad.
Investment proposals: As a company with a competitive edge in the integrated layout as an electrolyte tap, lifsi is expected to continue to make a profit to the public. Considering that competition in the industry is still strong, we lower the company’s profit forecast, we expect the company to expect, overseas operations are not expanding as expected, etc.