Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), with high year-round innovation and better time-control costs, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: Corporate operating income in 2016, net profit deductions of approximately $22.4 billion, $2.7 billion, same-year performance re-innovation, and better cost control over the period. Business income in 2016 was approximately $22.4 billion, or 8.1 per cent, compared to the previous year; industry and commerce, respectively, accounted for approximately $9.1 billion, $13.3 billion, or 1.1 per cent, respectively.
15.2 per cent. From the perspective of the Ministry of Industry (without taking into account internal offsets), the provincial pharmaceutical company earns approximately 13.5 billion yuan, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same period. In the commercial sphere, the share of the market in hospitals at the intra-provincial level and above will continue to be strengthened and will continue to grow in the context of a two-vote policy; and the Ministry of Health Products will be about 3.7 billion yuan, an increase of around the same year.
12 per cent, of which the market for Yunnan white toothpaste was about 16.5 per cent, an increase of about 1 percentage point from the same year, can be seen in its positive growth; the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources, about 940 million yuan, an increase of about 45 per cent from the same year, a high increase in income due to the low base and the benefit of the 37-year price increase; and the Ministry of Medicine, about 4.9 billion yuan from the same year.
But we believe that the increase will rise as price increases gradually become apparent. In 2016, the net profit cut was about $2.7 billion, an increase of about 3.2% over the same year, and a rise of about 5 percentage points below the income increase, as follows: 1) The Māori ratio is about 29.9% over the same period. The reason is that the Māori rate is lower than the business income of about 0.7 percentage points over the same period.
The increase in the ratio has led to a decline in the primary Maori ratio, which is also the main factor in the net profit increase below the income increase, which is related to the company's clean-up, with a new round of cost inputs expected to lead to performance growth; and management fees, which I consider in combination with the mixed ownership reform of the controlling shareholder's white drug holdings and the integration of channels.
The company’s fundamentals will continue to recover, still looking forward to the 2017 growth in performance.
Globalization (unaccompanied by a big breakthrough), corporate efficiency improvements and scale-up: Xinhua has acquired 50 per cent of the white-drugs equity through a 25.4 billion dollar replenishment and has not allocated sufficient roll-out time to the company for six years; this strategic partnership replenishment has also contributed to scale expansion and the development of the surge industry.
A. Short-term integration of channels has led to lower-than-expected drug revenues, but it is still a long-term prospect of stable growth in the pharmaceutical industry, with a clear competitive advantage in the drug market, which has led to a higher market share in the subsector and a greater promotion in the generic sector, such as the gas-breed market.
The increase in revenue is accelerating: b. due to the recovery of market prices in 2016, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry has achieved rapid growth and the Ministry of Drug Resources, which has a distinctive and already multi-breeding base, is expected to become a new profit growth point for the public sector in the future;c, the growth of large healthy businesses has been stable, and this time Xinhua is involved in the mix and strong.
The emergence of drugs and the complete layout of large health, with a mixed group-level perspective, makes it desirable to maintain a “buy-in” rating with a variety of catalysts, such as price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach.
Yunnan White (000538): Relocation at the group level, opening up a new development landscape (2016-12-30) Relocation at the firm level, or a more market-based incentive, would also benefit the company ' s long-term performance.
The key assumptions for the main business in 2017-2019 are as follows: Novo will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, nor for, specific recommendations or views in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.