Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology, reprogramming, optimizing shareholder structure, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Incidents: the company announced that Jiangsu fish was going to increase its stock holdings to $5.64 billion to obtain 10% of its shareholdings, and after the trade was completed, 45%, 45%, and 10% of the shares of the post-State Finance Committee, Xinhuadu, and Jiangsu, respectively.
This re-introduction of the reform of the ownership system has gone beyond expectations and has led to a change in the stockholding structure of the white drug control stock from “50% white: 50% Xinhua” to “45% white: Xinhua: 45% Xinhua: 10% jump in Jiangsu Fish”, a change that we believe will drive companies to become more marketable in governance and decision-making mechanisms.
The management team has completed market-based selections and does not have a civil servant or public status, and we judge that this process has been completed or that incentives will be put in place to promote marketization; 2) Jiangsu fish will jump into the stock-based white-drugs control and will form channels and industrial synergies.
We believe that the Jiangsu stock build-up may create complementarities and industrial synergies with companies in marketing and distribution channels. The labeling company, the branded drug leader.
Keeping in view the incentives that this mix or will bring to the workforce to market, corporate efficiency improvements, and expansion of the size of the company. Moreover, the introduction of funds from this strategic partnership replenishment will help to expand the standard and develop incremental operations; and 2) leading the big healthy layout industry by branding drug-leading companies.
The growth of the Ministry of Medicines has been stable, and the competitive advantage of the white market has made it clear that it has a higher market share in its segmented areas and that its income growth has been accelerated by, for example, the increased promotion of the popular drug market;b, the Ministry of Chinese Medicine and Resources has achieved a rapid growth in its performance, which is clearly characterized by a number of planting bases.
It is expected to be a new profit growth point for companies in the future;c, the growth of big healthy businesses is stable, and this time Xinhua is involved in mixing with others, and it is strong in joining forces or driving new growth of big healthy businesses. The emergence of pharmaceuticals and a healthy and complete layout, and the confluence of groups, makes its future a promising one, and so on.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained with a variety of catalysts, such as price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.