Yunnan White (000538), pharmaceutical biology is back on track, slightly out of market expectations, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: company operating income of 2017q1 and net profit deductions of approximately $5.91 billion and $690 million respectively, respectively, with growth of about 14.3 per cent and 15.2 per cent respectively, and a recovery in performance on schedule, with slightly higher market expectations. Business income of 2017q1 was about $5.91 billion, or about the same increase.
14.3 per cent, or an increase of about 7 percentage points over the same period. The analysis is as follows: 1) In order to exclude seasons such as pre-consumption deliveries, but we believe that mixed ownership reforms have landed, marketized incentives, etc., are expected to be strong, and that the growth in corporate incomes is expected to be about 62 per cent, so this increase in the Māori rate is judged to be the result of faster growth in industry than in business, and industry is expected to grow.
The net profit after deduction was about 690 million yuan, an increase of about 15.2 per cent over the same period, which was about 0.9 percentage points faster than the increase in income. The main analysis is as follows: 1) The change in the income structure has led to an overall increase in the Maori rate, especially the revival of the pharmaceutical industry, where the cost of sales has risen by about 3 percentage points, the cost of administration has decreased by about 1 percentage point, and the rate of administration has declined by about 1 percentage point over the period.
The Division’s financial costs have been reduced by some 23 million by the impact of increased interest income. Data show that the performance of 2017q1 exceeded market expectations, such as a combination of mixed ownership reforms of the controlling shareholder’s white drug holdings, and we believe that the company’s fundamentals will continue to recover, still looking at performance growth in 2017.
. . ..to change the labels, the brand brand is a drug leader. 1) The controlling stockholder's white-drugs holdings have been elected by senior executives, the mix has been settled and the speed of market expectations. Keep looking at this mix or the resulting employee incentives marketization (a big breakthrough), corporate efficiency improvement and scale expansion: Xinhua has passed.
The sum of $25.4 billion was allocated to 50 per cent of the white drug holdings and no transfer was made to the company for a period of six years to allow sufficient roll-out time; in addition, the introduction of funds from this strategic partnership replenishment also contributed to scale expansion and the development of incremental services; and 2) branded drug-leading companies, leading the big health layout industry.a The consolidation of short-term channels led to centralization.
Drug revenues have been lower than expected, but the growth of the pharmaceutical industry has remained stable for a long time, and the competitive advantage of the drug market has clearly led to a higher market share in its segmented areas, as well as an acceleration of income growth in the generic sector, such as the gas-breeding market;b, influenced by the recovery in market prices of 37 in 2016, the Ministry of Chinese Drug Resources
The rapid growth in performance, with the Ministry’s distinctive and already multi-programming base, is expected to be a new profit growth point for the public sector in the future; c. The growth of the big healthy business is stable, and Xinhua is involved in the process of changing, joining forces or promoting new growth in the big healthy business.
The emergence of drugs and the complete layout of the health of the population, and the confluence of the group level, has made its prospects more promising, with a variety of catalysts, such as price increases, performance growth, incentives, and outreach, to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report as a result of the absence of better cost controls during the period (2017-04-23). Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.