The value of the industrial lobe level is highlighted by the depth of the Hitchon technology report (300124) and Hitchon technology.
The company was created in 2003 to focus on the industrial sector, with the “electric control technology” at its core, to build up a variety of customers and expand the application landscape. Corporateization, digitization, intelligence, and focus on “the information layer, control”
Founded in 2003, it focuses on automation, digitization, and intelligence in the industrial field.
The program provider - >Intelligent Manufacturing Program supplier. Changed from the "big one" product in the start-up phase. Business model. Continued commitment to leading the workforce.
A better strategy to capture the opportunities of the “market gap”, evolving into the current supply-side “platform-level” product matrix, a culture that quickly provides customers with more intelligent, refined and cutting-edge integrated products and solutions that are domestic industries.
Innovation really drives “market demand.” Vertically, the HSBC technology has gradually moved into the domain of universal automated control and to listed enterprises. There are many areas of ownership, new energy vehicles, orbital transport, industrial robots, and industrial goods networking.
Suzhou, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Shanghai, Ningbo, Changchun, Khang are also fine-tuning the types of products they provide to the top individual areas, and there are more than 30 molecular companies in the control, driving, enforcement, etc.
There has been an extension of product types in the layer, the sensor layer and the application layer. Companies have been dynamically expanding their market space through two dimensions of existing technology and markets; opening new markets through the new technology needs of existing customers, nurturing new businesses, and using the market applications of technology.
Operating capital is significantly depressed, reflecting excellent supply chain management capacity. The same high growth in corporate operating income as 49.87% is significantly reduced, reflecting the company’s excellent supply chain management capacity, which is the result of an ipd strategy b/h unit (millions of shares)
As the size of the company expands, its superior managerial competitiveness will be more fully demonstrated, with companies capturing a “cumulative dividend” in front of import substitution, and now moving on to innovation beyond a “structural dividend”, with companies expected to capture the “management red” further in their ongoing internal transformations in the future.
According to the broad downstream industry, corporate operating income can be classified as general automation, new energy & track expansions over the years, company precision cards, pre-positioning, and significant changes in the operating income structure.
The business-related management model, based on industry marketing over a long period of time, builds industry lines based on a deep understanding of the segmented industries, and has already established a leading position in several segmented markets. As the company’s coordinated model of operations progresses further, there are both inside and across large clusters facing customers.
There is room for further improvement in the Māori rate with a view to a shift from “negotiation” to “parity”.
Investment proposals: Corporate excellence in organizational structure, supply chain management, and integration of the external industrial chain will continue to generate excessive returns. Corporate platform-level product and marketing systems, with a wide reach in the country’s manufacturing sector, have a greater chance of capturing the market than overseas and local competitors.
Based on a deep understanding of the market and a strong focus on the needs of its customers, the company’s ipd-based research and development system is shifting from the past to the creation of the market, with the profit model rising from the previous bargain to the premium. At the same time, the company’s future internationalization strategy is a business focus.
The vast market space abroad is also expected to open up the company's growth ceiling. Taking the neutral scenario scenario, the median figure of public comparable pe (ttm) is expected to be 34 x, the weighted average is 38 x, and the overall value is given to the company.
East Hing Securities Depth Report, Hitchon Technology (3000124): The value of the CBL platform level highlights the steady growth of the active layout of the 1.C.V. tap.
Corporate marketing and R & D systems are the core competitiveness of companies. According to the network of corporate officials, companies were created in 2003 to focus on automation, digitization, intelligence in the industrial field, focusing on core technology such as “Info, Control, Driver, Executing, Sensitivity”, with the key business model of providing fast individualized solutions to clients, with a sustained commitment to advance industrial civilization with leading technology, and to quickly provide them with smarter, more accurate, and more sophisticated technologies.
According to the company’s 2022 report, the company’s operations can be divided into four main sections: general automation, smart elevators, new energy vehicles, and orbital traffic.
In the downstream area, apart from orbital transport, the three remaining blocks are more decentralized, market competition is more abundant, the areas of disaggregation are numerous, and there is a higher demand for the upgrading of corporate products, and the integration of the company ' s marketing and R & D systems is the firm ' s core competitiveness.
1.1 Equity incentives to ensure long-term development
7.01.4 million shares of type II restricted equities, including overseas ceo, overseas director of operations, Asia-Pacific director of advanced overseas products, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East, the Sinkkawa technology (300124): the value of the master platform is high.
Foreign executives such as Lee, Korea, France, and India are determined to pursue their strategy of going out to the sea. Companies are organically linking employee interests to organizational development in the form of equity incentives, and are broadly and fully motivated to demonstrate the firm’s determination and confidence to promote long-term development and achieve strategic goals.
Platformed organizational structures provide strong incentives and solid barriers to high-speed corporate expansion. Soft and modular agile organizational design allows companies to maintain a strong edge in long-term competition with internationally recognized firms. This advantage is not only in the firm’s strong R & D and product development capabilities, but, more importantly, in the company’s current size, its operations are in most of the manufacturing niche markets, with a large number of customers.
Research and development (R&D) is based on an integrated development model based on ipd, which builds a bottom-plate competitive advantage. Corporate products are divided into standardized products and customized products, and lead firms to technological reserves and products based on macro-level industry analysis, corporate strategic planning, customer-critical demand analysis, technology development analysis, and competitive strategy analysis.
Technology R & D activities are closely aligned to client needs, using ipid as a method to secure the investment of resources and funds, and, at the same time, to provide a holistic solution for clients, driven by institutional and structural design, the financial boom in the East. Companies have accumulated a wealth of experience in R & D and have built up a competitive bottom plate, for the public.
The Division plays a crucial supporting role in expanding and controlling operations in new industries, meeting both vertical professional development and horizontal synergies and value losses, balancing firm long-term and short-term objectives. Companies build high-quality, low-cost, and fast-delivery supply chain management models based on a process-wide operating system.
On the basis of a series of non-target products applicable to different industries, and in close collaboration with agents, the product performance is continuously improved in the application, the “non-target” is changed to “target” and the product is expanded to allow the product to find opportunities for market release in the continuous improvement and, with maximum cost control, to manufacture the product quickly. Ultimately, the product’s market application is combined with economic soundness and efficiency.
A flat- level production organization for core business, an efficient and flexible way of safeguarding market demand, and laying the foundation for rapid growth in performance. East’s source of financial and intellectual prosperity, Hitchuan Technology (300124): the value of the platform-level is high.
At the heart of the company's “mechanical control technology” is a growing array of customers, expanding the application landscape. The development journey has gone from a domestic high-end transformer supplier - > Integrated Industrial Control product supplier - > first-class industrial solution supplier - > intelligent manufacturing programme supplier. From the start-up phase, the “big monolith” product improvement captures the “market gap” opportunity strategy and evolves to the present real “market demand” driven by supply-side “platform-level” product matrix innovation.
Vertically, they have gradually moved into many areas, such as general automation, new energy vehicles, orbital transport, industrial robotics, and industrial goods networking. The types of products offered in individual areas are also being refined horizontally and extended in control, drive, enforcement, sensor, and should be used to maintain product types.
Intra- and extra-intra-intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-In Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-In in-Intra-Input, in-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-Intra-In Business Business Business Business
Supported by a solid and efficient platform architecture, synergies are evident: in September 2013, 40% of Estoon shares were acquired. The company became the largest shareholder in Estom, forming a real control position through its board of directors. There was a great complementarity between the technology and Estom in the product and regional markets.
In addition, in June 2015, the company developed a de facto control position over Jiangsu's latitudes, which led to a smooth transition of access, as well as a smooth transition.
A strong foundation has been laid for companies to engage strategically in the trade-trading market, and the company has formally moved into the field of rail transport. With this collaboration, the technology is expected to make Jiangsu a leading track-trading system company at longitudes, and it is important to enhance the company’s technological strength and brand image and to find new growth points.
In June 2016, they acquired 60% of the shares in Shanghai. In the field of core components such as frequency changers, controllers, servers, etc., the central technological advantages and the source of financial wisdom in the East.
In September 2016, the company invested in the establishment of the Siocheon Joint Power System Company Limited. The company intends to use its own funds to fund the RMB20 million and set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Siocheon Joint Power System Company Ltd., in Jiangsu province.
R & D, sales and services (including electrical controllers, electric machines, slow-down machines, power sources, chargers, smart control software, car networking, etc.); R & D, sales and services; RMB 1.8 billion proposed for the Joint Power Replenishment in September 2021; R & D authorized the start-up of pre-marketing in the Joint Powering Initiative in August 2022; Jiangsu Exchange Power Engineering Limited established in December 2017.
In April 2019, the company issued shares and paid cash to purchase 100% of the Betsett’s shares. By this acquisition, the company will form a full-fledged and leading position.
The elevator electrical product system and technical capabilities will better meet the individualization and diversification needs of elevator manufacturers by providing them with integrated power and gas components, as well as integrated, large-packaged electrical systems and integrated solutions, enhancing customer stickyness, consolidating and expanding market ownership, increasing core competitiveness and maintaining companies ' leading role in the elevator industry.
The HSBC has become a fully-owned subsidiary of HSBC technology. HSBC is mainly engaged in research and development of plc and hmi products, with an independent technology and product research and development team that will be strengthened with the mother-in-law, with a low-voltage transformer capacity of 1.15 million units per year, and a server driver capacity of 1.35 million units per year.
In August 2021, the Board agreed to establish fully-owned subsidiaries in Hunan Yooyang and Shanxihara, respectively, to purchase land and invest in the construction of production plants and accessories. As core components of industrial automation, high-voltage transformers, servers, etc., will continue to benefit in the future from the upgrading of manufacturing, the “machine-change” and “3060” double carbon-led demand, which will require expansion of production capacity.
In March 2022, it was announced that a fully-owned subsidiary would be established in Nanjing, and that up to $1.65 billion would be spent on land, housing, etc. for investment in production, R & D, and office bases in the Nanjing Ganging Economic Development Area Limited. As the company’s overall capacity at its premises in Suzhou is increasing, staggers and industrial robotic products are saturated.
To improve the profitability of companies by reducing the risks to the company's operations and enhancing its overall solutions and service capabilities to provide clients with “precision electromechanical plus precision machinery”.
2. The company has performed well in its history.
2.1 Business data shows a certain seasonality, and business data are more frequent in the first quarter of the year. The average inter-company ps (ttm) is: 30 June 2012.
The same rate of increase and the higher frequency of lower points in one quarter may be due to the fact that one quarter is influenced by a recognized rhythm, which combines spring holidays, real estate needs, and figure 9: the quarterly rate of growth of the Segawa technology and the excellence of the supply chain-driven development capacity of the corresponding inter-district ps 2.2
From an asset-end structure, companies implement R&D-driven light asset strategies. From a company ' s asset structure, the company ' s long-term operating capacity for the period 2020-2022 is a central reflection of the results of the ipd strategy. Iipd, as an advanced product management system, can improve product development efficiency, shorten product start-up cycles, and improve product quality.
Development processes and industry-based management systems provide strong incentives for companies to develop. As firms expand, corporate excellence in management competition will be more fully demonstrated, with companies capturing a “cumulative dividend” in front-loading alternatives, and now moving innovation beyond a “structural dividend” that companies are expected to capture further in the midst of ongoing internal change.
The company’s financial and intellectual growth in the East is steadily increasing. The company’s roe has remained above 20% since 2014 (except in 2019).
In recent years, with the expansion of new downstream industries and product lines, net interest rates on corporate sales have fallen. With the company’s income at the end of the spectrum, benefiting from its system of operations for efficient management, the total asset turnover has increased.
Figure 12: Corporate roe, net sales interest rate, turnover of assets, equity multiplier 2.3 “Negotiation” to “parities” is expected to increase profitability
Under the broad downstream industry, corporate operating income can be divided into general automation, new energy & rail transfer, elevator electrical systems, and others. Benefiting from the rapid expansion of the general automation and new energy vehicle market in recent years, companies have been able to locate their cards, pre-positioned, operating income structures have emerged for a larger year, with $5.16 billion (including Bethet and table income), and cagr = 39.77% during the period.
With specialized products (non-target products), which emphasize the particular requirements of the product application industry, which requires a high level of understanding of the application industry, products are often customized service solutions based on customer demand; generic products have clearer and harmonized design and application standards appropriate for large-scale production.
It has established a leading position in a number of segmented markets. After the break-out of the segmented market for non-target products, the Sinkkawa quickly turned them untagged, expanded its production, seized its share of the market and raised its profitability.
Figure 13: Composition of corporate operating income, based on the company ' s Māori ratio as disclosed by product calibre, improved and further consolidated by 2020. 24% of the frequency changers category increased to 26.38% by 2020; Māori product groups (mainly universal and dedicated server systems), Māori
Change items such as “ipd (integrated product development process)”, “ihr (integrated human resource management process)” and “isc (integrated supply chain process)” have been moved. On the other hand, companies have seized on “structural growth” opportunities, raising the number of high-quality clients to manage certainty in responding to uncertainty in the external environment, returning the Māori rate of each business block, and “managing dividends” have provided strong support for corporate performance resilience.
There is room for further improvement in the Māori rate as the company’s coordinated combat model progresses further, both within and between large groups, in the face of client migration from “negotiation” to “parity”. Since the 2021 report, the project description of the company’s “subproduct” dimension has been modified to distinguish between general automation, elevators, new energy vehicles and orbital transport, industrial robots, and others.
Eung Heung Securities In-depth Report, Hitchon Technology (3000124): The value of the platform level is high.
3. The general automation base plate is solid, the general automation section is diversified, and platform-level sales are achieved. From the general automation internal structure, the ratio of corporate frequency transformers (excluding elevators) in 2022, universal servers, dedicated servers, control layers and sensor layers in the general automation section is 38 per cent, 44 per cent, 4 per cent, 11 per cent and 3 per cent, respectively.
In absolute terms, corporate income from frequency transformers (excluding elevators) increased from 123 million in 2007 to 4,329 million in 2022, with capr = 26.79 per cent during the period: the company did not separately disclose the operating income from universal and specialized servers until 2014, where the 2014 income from the server system was divided into universal servers, and data for 2013 did not take into account the Easter scale.
The general automation industry will further advance the four groups of product lines/industry lines/area lines/areas/seu to work together to achieve sales revenue through strategies such as doing excellent programmes, doing business, doing good areas, doing big terminals, etc.
Figure 17: Ratio of general automation operations to general automation of companies, Figure 18: general automation of corporate operating income
Beginning in the third quarter of 2016, there was a reboot in the expansion of production capacity. But, in the context of the downside demand that followed, for example, the vagaries of Central and United States trade, manufacturing investment continued to grow at a low rate, a new cycle of expansion was interrupted, and low-end manufacturing output became fully available during the period 2011-2020.
On the supply side, procyclical + expected growth in performance is expected to boost the general automation module of the company. Figure 19: Inventory of industrial enterprises above size and the same monthly ratio of pi (%) % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % % %
3.1 The market share of the transformer is rising, the source of financial prosperity in the East is a vast medium- and low-voltage transformer application, and the downstream market is scattered.
The downstream industry was depressed in 2022, with a shortage of stacked chips causing continued pressure to prolong the supply cycle and a moderate increase in the overall market. According to the Mir Wise industry, the overall market demand for low-pressure transformers was depressed, with sales expected to decline by 4.9% for 2023 throughout the year, with sales estimated at 3081 million and expected to reach 32,565 million in 2025.
High-voltage transformer applications are concentrated in the area of high energy consumption, and downstream markets are dominated by large State-owned industrial and mining enterprises, which are important players in future energy-saving emission reductions. According to data from the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the energy efficiency limits and energy efficiency levels for electric motors (gb 18613-2020), which were introduced in June 2021, have been officially implemented to phase out energy-efficient generators below ie3, and the Ministry of Technology and Communications issued the Energy Efficiency Enhancement Plan in November 2021, which calls for efficient energy-efficient power-saving power plants by 2023.
Annual production reached 170 million kilowatts, with more than 20 per cent of active energy efficient generators (compared to less than 10 per cent currently). The Action Plan for Industrial Energy Efficiency Improvement, published in June 2022, proposed an additional 70 per cent or more of efficient energy efficient generators by 2025. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market for high-pressure transformers with efficient energy-efficient functions will continue to grow at a policy-driven rate of 8.02 per cent in 2023-2025.
10.29 per cent, 9.84 per cent, the market size of the high-pressure transformer will be 20 billion yuan by 2025. According to the China-China Intelligence Network statistics, the share of the Sinkkawa in the high-pressure transformer market was 17 per cent in 2020, assuming that the market share remained constant for the period 2020-2023.
Analysis of the overall market size and growth of the transformer (2018-2025e) in mrmb/ % for sales of the long-rate transcoder
Figure 23: Company market share of low-pressure transformers 2022 Figure 24: Company share of low-pressure transformers 2023h1
By buying Bethette, the big package of elevator electrical systems with a more competitive "Elevator Control System Plus Human Interfaces + Cables System" will be able to meet the needs of mainstream elevators.
In 2022, companies proposed a new strategy for “cross-step internationalization” to speed up the deployment of offshore operations, with the global (local global, international) model moving forward fully. According to the company’s semi-annual report in 2023, elevator products continue to be the main contributors to the growth of overseas operations, and sales of products such as low-pressure transformers, servers, etc. are steadily increasing.
Figure 25: BESTTER’S BUSINESS COSTS IN ELECTRONIC OPERATIONS
According to the same flower data, by 2022, the output of 14.540 million elevators in the country was 5.89% less than in the same year. There were 9,644 thousand elevators in the country, and the same rate of investment in real estate has entered the long-term downside route. In the long run, the increased demand from stock elevators, the renovation of old buildings plus elevators, and urban orbital traffic will drive a sustained expansion of the demand for elevators.
More than 300,000 transformers have maintained their leading role in large elevator electrical appliance operations. The company’s elevator electrical operations will continue to grow robustly and continue to create good cash flows for the company, and the company’s smart elevator operations are mature.
3.2 The industrial manufacturing sector is expected to drive high-speed growth on a scale of 29.770 billion yuan. According to wise industry projections, China ' s dedicated market size will reach 6,025 billion yuan by 2025.
Figure 29: Changes in the size of China ' s dedicated servo market and growth projections for China ' s servo market size and growth projections
Four manufacturers and municipalities each: Siemens, 10.4 per cent; Matsuko, 7.8 per cent; and Ancheon, 7.6 per cent). The share of the general servile product market for 2023h1 has further increased to 24.30 per cent. The market for general servile products is well ahead of the market for companies and outperforms foreign brands. According to the Wise Industry statistics, the share of synchronous technology in the specialized servile market was 17 per cent in 2020, assuming that its share remained unchanged for the period 2020-2023.
Figure 30: Harmonisation of Segawa technology for domestic market occupancy in 2022, Source of Eastern Finance and Leaping Technology (3000124): The value of the master platform is high
Lower-stream applications ranked in the top five percentages of the year: machine tools (25.20 per cent), other (22.20 per cent), textile machinery (20.30 per cent), packaging machinery (10.60 per cent), electronic manufacturing (8.4 per cent): lower-stream applications ranked in the top five (22.60 per cent), machine-beds (17.70 per cent), electronic manufacturing (16.10 per cent), textile machines (10.40 per cent), packaging machines (10 per cent).
In this area, the top five rankings are battery manufacturing equipment, industrial robotics, electronic manufacturing equipment, semiconductors and photovoltaic equipment, market sales expansion, and, on the other hand, higher requirements for professional solutions by servile system providers for industry segmentation. The company ' s advantage over the years, based on the accumulation of production counters and industry customization solutions, is expected to drive the company ' s share of servile system products to continue to rise downstream in the industry.
Figure 32: Changes in the distribution of the downstream applications of our server systems in 2011 and 2015
Rubber machines Printing machines Packing machines
The competitiveness of textile machinery continues to break out, with the share of small-scale plc products from companies in China ranked second in 2022 (first, second place), according to wise industrial statistics.
The three producers and municipalities were: Siemens, 41 per cent; Mitsubishi, 9.8 per cent, ranked first among the insider brands. The market share of 2023h1 rose to 15.40 per cent.
Figure 35: Small plc market share of 2023h1 was affected by overseas supply chains in 2022, and the shortage of foreign-owned chip supplies led to longer supply cycles and slower orders. The domestic supplier’s domestic supply chain had a clear edge, orders had temporarily risen, and market shares had risen rapidly. Foreign and local firms began to increase prices in the second quarter of 2022.
The first quarter of 2023, the semiconductor industry delivery time was reduced to a new low of nine months, four weeks shorter than the May 2022 calendar and the supply-side disturbance largely ended.
The source of the financial boom in the East, the technology in the Hong Kong River (300124): the value of the platform at the industrial pole level highlights the source of the financial boom in the East.
The company is well prepared, and is keenly aware of the short market opportunities of the second quarter of 2022 that the lack of cores from foreign competitors has led to an extended supply cycle, and has taken up its share of the market. The company’s low-pressure transformer, universal server, small-scale market share of the plc from 14.80% to 21.60% of 2022h1, and 10.70% to 2023h1, has kept its market share up after removing supply chain disturbances, while the Maori rate remains stable.
Time-based market shares and Māori ratios have proven that the company’s core competitiveness is sustainable technology optimization, not unsustainable cost optimization. According to wise industry forecasts, China’s market size in plc will reach 18,012 billion yuan in 2025, with small and medium-sized plc market sizes of 8,648 million yuan and 9,364 million yuan.
Figure 38: Comparison of the share of the cities of SIC products 2022h1, 2023h1 and China ' s market size and acceleration of the market for plc products (2017-2025e)
– According to Wieswich Industry Statistics, the market share of Westgate in 2023q2 MSMEs was as high as 52.9 per cent, while the share of electrical power was 1.1 per cent and that of other plants was 7.2 per cent, assuming that the company had 0.5 per cent of the market share in the MSMEs and using this as a market share as a business income projection for 2023-2025.
Figure 39: Large medium-sized market share of 2023h1
At the end of the year, the new energy interface continued to expand the “carbon neutral” application scenario, with new energy revenues from companies amounting to $5,088 million (the figure is based on the track turn-over disclosed in the annual report) and orbit transport revenues amounting to $464 million, representing 92 per cent and 8 per cent, respectively.
Figure 40: The company’s new energy & track turn-over ratio of 4.1 to the continuous mass-developing power of the car-drive system.
The company ' s new energy products include power-driven systems (electrics, power controllers, power-driven totals) and power-powered systems (dc/dc, obc, power aggregates). Low-cost, high-quality integrated product resolution programmes and services are provided primarily for new energy vehicles, new energy commercial vehicles (including new energy passenger vehicles and new energy logistics vehicles). Digitimes expect drivers to account for 15-20% of the new energy vehicle cost structure.
Figure 42: New energy products of companies, Figure 43: Overall cost structure of new energy vehicles (%) The share of the market in power-driven motor vehicles has been increasing since last year.
And in July 2023, when the company ' s share of new energy by car was about 3 per cent, 5.10 per cent, 4.80 per cent and its share of new energy by car was about 3 per cent, 3.7 per cent and 3.5 per cent in July 2023, and in July 2023, when it ranked 8th, 6th and 7th, 2022nd, 2023h1 and 7th, the share of the company ' s new energy by car by electric power was about 3 per cent, and in January and June 2023, the share of the company ' s new power by electric power was about 3.7 per cent and 3.5 per cent.
In July 2023, Suzhou had a very high capacity of 7,345 new energy logistics vehicles, the number of which rose further to 30.2 per cent. According to ne data, commercial traffic grew by 85,000 vehicles in the first half of 2023, a small 6 per cent increase. Of these, 1.94 million fuel vehicles, 127,000 new energy vehicles, and 8 per cent penetration of new energy vehicles, the rate of future electric motorization remains high.
Figure 44: Commercial vehicle sales & penetration & comparison
There is still room to increase the penetration rate of new energy vehicles in the medium to long term. In 2022, the new energy automobile industry continued its rapid growth, with more than 10 million vehicles sold globally, up 55% from the same year, according to the Canalys study. 59% of the new energy cars sold came from China.
In 2025 and 2030, the sales of new energy vehicles will reach 2,542.2 million and 52.22 million, respectively, and in recent years our sales of new energy vehicles have increased rapidly. In 2019-2022, our sales of new energy vehicles increased from 1,110,000 to 687 million, and the market size of power-driven systems increased from $17.1 billion to $8.9 billion.
In August, the domestic retail penetration rate of new energy vehicles rose by 37.3 per cent, compared with 28.4 per cent in the same period last year. According to the Research Network, the market size of the domestic power-driven system as a whole was expected to exceed 200 billion yuan if the market for new energy vehicles reached 15.6 million in 2025.
The company ' s new energy revenues in 2022 amounted to $5,088 million, and the Network reported that the market size of the power-driven system was $89 billion in 2022, according to which the overall market share of the company ' s power-driven system was approximately 5.7 per cent.
4.2 The Urban Track Association expects that urban rail traffic will continue to develop rapidly for the next three years after the "145" period. At the end of the "145" period, urban rail traffic lines will be close to 13,000 km, with more than 60 cities expected to operate, and urban rail transport operations will continue to expand. Meanwhile, according to data from the Ministry of Housing and Urban and Rural Development, 2009
In August 2022, China's Urban Orbital Transport Association developed the China Urban Orbital Transport Green.
According to the Urban Orbital Transport Association, in 2022, the total electricity consumption for the country's urban rail transit was 22,792 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 6.89 per cent compared with 6.39 per cent. Of this amount, the drag energy consumption was 1,311.5 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 6.39 per cent compared to the previous year. It accounted for 49.65 per cent of the total electricity consumption. As the number of new shipping lines continues to increase, the overall energy consumption indicators are increasing, with total electricity consumption and drag consumption.
Jiangsu issued a program for an efficient towed system. According to the information from the first trade in high-tech technologies for urban torque in China, the efficiency of the long-magnetized tractor can be increased by more than 20% in the case of frequent shutdowns.
The efficiency rate is 98 per cent, with more than 88 per cent in areas with more than 90 per cent efficiency, with a 16-20 per cent efficiency rate compared to the traditional astral tractor system, with a 30 per cent combined energy saving rate, such as the provision of ground feeders. In the first half of 2023, the company ' s orbital traffic operations achieved an operating income of $207 million, or 13.01 per cent more than that of the equivalent. The first was given to the small-volume inert-magnetic-training project of the 4th line of the South Railway; the rehabilitation project of the 3rd line of the Central State Railway and the Shenzhen subway.
An additional project will be purchased; in conjunction with the Guangzhou subway, the long-magnetic traction system on line 1 in Guangzhou will be upgraded and 50,000 kilometres of passenger operations will be implemented with energy-saving measurements of 23%, setting a model for the energy-saving adaptation of old vehicles of the same type for domestic urban track customers. The engine will be fitted with air-conditioning equipment around the towed system.
According to the “rt orbital traffic” statistics, in 2020 and 2021 the winning vehicle towed system was 13.22% and 17.92% by vehicle. In 2022, owing to external environmental impacts, the total procurement of the domestic orbital transport towed system was significantly lower than in the previous year, some project delivery was delayed, new products, new operations were piloted and promoted, and vehicle-borne air-conditioning control equipment was completed as a sampler pilot.
According to the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association, approximately 5241 km of additional operational mileage for urban rail traffic during the “13th Five-Year” period. According to China Research Network, during the “14th Five-Year Plan” (2021-2025), it is expected that 5,000 km of additional mileage for urban orbital traffic operations in China will be added, with an average of 1,000 m in each year, to be tendered for a towed system of 49 lines, covering approximately 1119.06 km in length.
There will be 30 lines, and 78,452 kilometres of lines will be tendered for the towed system, which will be 29.9 per cent lower than the tender mileage measured by 29.9 per cent. According to the Chinese Economic and Monetary Market Research Centre, the market size of the global urban orbital transport driver system is projected to be 21,947 million yuan by 2023 and 12,071 million yuan in China. Due to the volatility of the annual bid for the urban orbital traction system, the company will account for 5.92 per cent of the vehicle mark in 2022.
Figure 48: 2019 China City Track Vehicle Trailing System (in % of vehicles), Figure 49: 2020 China City Track Vehicle Trailing System (in % of vehicles)
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Hitchon Technology (3000124): The value of the industrial lobe platform level is highlighted in figure 50: 2021: The winning bid in the procurement of the Chinese urban track vehicle towed system (% of vehicles)
Figure 51: 2022 China City Track Vehicle Trailing System (% number of vehicles) 5. Reconciling changes to foster new growth poles. With industrial goods networking, cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, and the growing maturity of 5g technology, new technologies have made industrial manufacturing intelligent,
Automation, cost reduction, manual error, and efficiency are possible, and industrial sensors will play an extremely important role in this process. Corporate sensor revenue grew from 10 million yuan in 2012 to 384 million yuan in 2022 (data for 2022 are the source of financial prosperity in the East, based on the annual report’s disclosure of data).
5.1 The global share of our industrial robots has risen from 36.48% in 2017 to 62.5% in 2023. Ifr forecasts that global output of industrial robots will reach 486,000 in 2023, an increase of 7.28% over the 2022 projection.
The global share of China’s industrial robot market rose from 36.48% in 2017 to 58.56% in 2023. As our robotic industry chain matures, cost and size advantages will drive home-grown robots to expand.
The market sales for industrial robots were $4.608 billion, $5.157 billion and $5.68 billion, converted at an exchange rate of US$ 1 = RMB 7.2, with market sales of RMB 33.2 billion, RMB 37.1 billion and RMB 40.9 billion, an increase of 13 per cent, 11.7 per cent and 10.24 per cent.
Figure 57: Global sales of industrial robotics as a percentage of the global market
Sinkkawa Technology (300124): The value of the industrial lobe level highlights the fact that the share of companies increased from 5.7% in 2022h1 to 7.02% in 2023h1 based on the share of industrial robotics in statistics from the Wieswich Industries. In the first half of the year, Sinkkawa technology completed the acquisition of Sbclinearco., ltd.(sbc) from Korea.
A combination of products with a "precision bar plus a straight-line guidance track" could create more competitive straight-line transmission solutions for the industry, while also further strengthening the capacity of companies to integrate solutions for light, machine, electricity, fluid, gas.
According to wise industry data, the size of the market for industrial sensors in q1 in 2022 was approximately $4.1 billion, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the same year (based on data, the size of the market for industrial sensors in 2022 was approximately 41*44 = 16.4 billion yuan, thus extrapolating the company ' s share of the market in 2022 to approximately 3.84/164 = 2.3 per cent).
Sensor products include encoders, switches, spin transformers, brakes, etc. In which encoders measure rotation angles and speeds, which can be applied to robotics via a server system. In competitive patterns, high end encoders have fewer enterprises in the country due to higher technical barriers.
Figure 60: Corporate Industrial Sensor Products, the source of Eastern financial wisdom, 5.2 Free transformer access to a single storage energy pcs is highly recognized in the market
According to data disclosed by cesa, by 2025, China ' s annual load-up of electrical and chemical storage is expected to reach 12gw, according to which there is no alternative to storage pcs as a key core component of a two-way flow of electrical energy between the storage system and the grid. Rapid growth in electrical and chemical storage will also drive the demand for storage capacity pcs to increase the market further.
The global output of storage capacity pcs is 34.65gw, or 61.88% of the global output of storage capacity pcs. Of this, Chinese enterprises have a high-capacity pcs (over 30kw) of 19.76gw, applied in the Chinese region, and a low-capacity pcs (30kw) of 14.89gw. According to the company ' s 2022 annual report, in the area of energy management, the global output of Hitchuan Ito is in the field of engineering control.
Accumulation and industrial understanding, with the introduction of pcs products with features such as free transformer access and power quality governance for industry-side markets, and the introduction of a fully liquid cold storage terminal and a business-as-one solution in industry, with a high degree of recognition within industry, yielding a number of “five, six, six, two, two,” nuclear big customer projects. At the same time, depending on its real-time communications technology advantages in the field of industrial control, the use of ethcat communication technology in the product of pcs
The programme, which creates system-level value for clients, provides clients with an integrated solution for “Automated+Digital+Energy Management” and further implements the corporate energy management strategy. According to Eesa, the various storage options offered to clients by the SSB technology are already above 3gw and are widely used in distribution, transmission, distribution, and use, with a third and fourth breakdown of domestic and global high-capacity pcs output rankings in 2022.
The size of the national reserve energy transformer market will reach 5.3 billion, 5.95 billion and 6.05 billion respectively in 2023-2025. Figure 61: China ' s domestic storage capacity in 2022, with a high power of pcs (30kw and above), Figure 62: The size and forecast of our storage energy transformer market in 2015-2025
According to Cnesa, the top 10 providers of storage reversibles with installed capacity in China are: Upper Energy, Cohua Digital Energy, So Young Electric, Nanxiu, Sunshine Power, Sheng Hong, Huatsu Technology, IQD and Hitchuan Technology (2%)
According to data from China's commercial intelligence network, China's market for storage reversors in 2022 reached 5.95 billion yuan, and in 2023 it will grow to 5.3 industrial cloud products for full-life equipment management.
The developers of the joint SWIFT Technology Partnership, for example, create products for the industry that are suitable for the industry, and improve the productivity of the industry in which the user is operating. Separated equipment application services, which capture the equipment's real-time operational data based on the precision of the equipment network, provide full-time access to the equipment from the "end-distributors-planters-suppliers-suppliers" and provide full life-cycle management of the equipment.
In the case of the Joint Knowledge Reader (author: Union of Industrial Internet Industries, etc.), air-pressure power consumption is huge, accounting for 10-20% of the total energy consumption of the enterprise, and one of the more common types of wear and tear in the Eastern financial boom is the loss of pressure, i.e., energy consumption, caused by pressure from air-pressure output that exceeds what is actually needed.
Designers, pressure sensors and flow meters, multiple data collection for air pressure machines, machine learning algorithm services based on cloud platforms, modelling of the air patterns of enterprises, and thus precise setting of real-time scheduling pressure in relation to actual conditions and needs, reducing pressure differential losses. Energy efficiency results at 5% based on field measurements. Field applications at East Wande Electronics Ltd., with projected annual electricity savings of $400,000.
6. Profit forecasts and investment ratings, based on the breakdown of market size projections and market share projections of the company as described above, as the basis for the company ' s operating income projections, as shown in the table below.
High-voltage transformers: According to the China-China Intelligence Network statistics, the share of the SWIC in the high-voltage transformer market was 17 per cent in 2020, assuming that its share of the market would remain unchanged for the period 2020-2023. Specialized servers: according to the Wise Industry statistics, the share of SWI technology in the SHIC market in 2020 was 17 per cent, assuming the period 2020-2023
Universal servers: According to Wise Industry statistics, the share of the company ' s universal server system in the Chinese market was about 21.5 per cent in 2022, with the second-, third- and fourth-ranked manufacturers and municipalities occupying the first place (Simenko, 10.4 per cent; Matsuko, 7.8 per cent; Andchon, 7.6 per cent). The market share of the company ' s universal server was further increased to 24.30 per cent.
In 2022, the company ' s share of small plc products in the Chinese market was about 11.9 per cent.
The number 1 and 3 producers and municipalities were: Siemens, 41 per cent; Mitsubishi, 9.8 per cent, and ranked first among the insiders. The share of the 2023h1 market was further raised to 15.40 per cent.
In comparison to 1.1 per cent, other producers accounted for 7.2 per cent, assuming that the company had a 0.5 per cent share in the market for large and medium plc. New energy power and power drivers: new energy revenues for companies in 2022 amounted to $5,088 million, and the market size of power-driven systems in 2022 amounted to $89 billion, according to the Research and Research Network, based on which the overall market share of the company ' s power-driven systems was estimated at 5.7 per cent.
City-track towed system: due to the high annual fluctuations in the price of the city-track towed system, the company won 5.92 per cent of the vehicle bid in 2022 and conservative tortuous towed system market share of the home city towed system was 5 per cent. Sensor: according to wise industry data, the size of the q1 industrial sensor market in 2022 was approximately $4.1 billion, an increase of 18.1 per cent over the same period (based on this figure).
The size of the industrial sensor market was estimated to be approximately 41*4 = 16.4 billion yuan for the entire year 2022, from which the company ' s share of the market in 2022 was calculated as domestic operating income based on the size of the country ' s market segment and the share of the company ' s market, followed by overseas revenues based on the ratio of overseas revenues. Given the relatively high share of the overseas revenue earned by Béster, the estimated size of the collection was more than 0.5 times the amount collected by Béster to avoid double counting.
+Overseas revenue +0.5* Bestett’s operating income. Three scenarios, based on pessimistic, neutral, optimistic scenarios, predict corporate operating income over the next three years.
Vertically, firms are more resilient in the manufacturing landscape. Manufacturing loan demand index, pre-investment bci enterprise figure 66: bci pre-investment index, manufacturing loan demand index (%), Japanese machine exports to China on the same basis (%)
Synchrome Technology (300124): The value of the industrial-controlled long-range platform level is highlighted in figure 67: Sescona technology p/pbbands July 2012-November 2014 in figure 68: Sescona technology p/pbbands September 2015-November 2018
Figure 69: Production and marketing systems at the platform level of the Technological Pe/pbbands Corporation, July 2019-2022, with a wide reach into the country ' s manufacturing sector, compared to its overseas and native competitors,
Based on a deep understanding of the market and close to the needs of its customers, the company’s kernel-based research and development system is shifting from the past to the creation of the market, with the profit model rising from the previous bargain to the premium. At the same time, the company’s future internationalization strategy is a focus of business, and the vast market space abroad is expected to open up the company’s ceiling.
The ability to build, supply chain management and extend the industrial chain integration will continue to generate excess gains. Horizontally, the median number of comparable companies pe (ttm) is 34x, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
The economic recovery has fallen short of expectations: the market share of the company’s products has fallen: market competition has led to a decline in the company’s Māori rate: new markets have not expanded as expected.
Seonche Technologies (300124): The value of the industrial flagship platform level highlights the fact that Im Tianhui has joined the East Hing Bond to study the mechanical industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Hitchon Technology (300124): The value of the industrial lobe level does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text are clear.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.