Biannual review 2023: Good performance of the main industry, new business Keyword: #Performance with Expected #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients Small Increase in Rings (Effects of Raw Materials Downfall + Stable Price Competition), 23q2 Non-Menufactured Net Interest Rate
▪ General automation: 23h1 demand holds, companies expand project-type/disconnected markets, with excellent expectations. 1) Sub-industry, sbu orders, such as storage, maintenance of high view, heavy labour, eu, generic areas, etc., are growing faster, mainly by increasing the amount of resources invested by companies, moving from “new energy” to “transmission”
Mainstream client share increases significantly. 2) Sub-products, frequency/server/plc ratio  New energy vehicle & elevator: q2 demand-driven performance increases, new energy vehicle operations are on track to achieve a year-round increase in late delivery confirmation +q2 orders.
Continue, adding overseas fixed- and hybrid-type and long-term cost inputs to slow down, and the profit end is expected to turn into a surplus year-round. 2) Elevator operations benefit from warmer demand + large packages + out of the sea, with q2 generating $1.45 billion, compared to +41%. Meanwhile, raw material price reductions + process changes have increased.
Annual performance forecast points: performance is in line with expectations, with a year-on-year income ratio of +5 per cent and profit increases faster than income.
▪ Three strategic operations are moving forward steadily. 1) Digitalization: product end-to-product release of an iterative version of the inocube digital platform; 2) internationalization: strategies to increase “industry lines out of the sea” and “manufacturing with China out of the sea”, H1 overseas, 810 million yuan, +137 per cent, Māori rate 39.64 per cent; 3) energy
Management: The new product continues to be rolled out, reaping many of the “Five, Six, Two, Two, Two” core client projects. Report & Quarterly Review 2023: Industry & Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We maintain the company's net profit for 2023-25 years at $5.4 billion each.
The point is to keep the year's target steady at 20 times. Given the firm's strong presence in the industrial and regulatory sector, as well as the power and electrical elites, figure 4: Corporate quarterly operating income
Figure 5: Quarterly parent net profits of the company generally remained stable, mainly due to a higher share of the low Maori new energy vehicles & elevators than in the same period last year, and a fall of 2.43 pct over the same period in the stacking control of the Maori ratio. Corporate cost q2 was significantly reduced, credit and asset impairment losses were significantly increased, resulting in non-mother net interest rates being deducted
Figure 7: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates
General automation: 2023h1, which is better than industry growth, thanks to the “topdown down” market strategy and the expansion of project-oriented/dispersed markets. Companies' 202h1 industrial control generated $6,855 million, 1) industry level, based on smart industry data, weak demand for q2 automated products, equal sales in the industrial control sector -
3.1%, with project/oem market sales equal to +2.1%/10.7% respectively. Automated markets in 22o4 are expected to be optimistic for 23 years, so there are more stocks available, 23h1 demand recovery is less than expected, leading to a faster growth of sbu orders for the whole h1 at the stock-to-stock stage, where the energy plate photovoltaic storage industry maintains a high profile and the rest benefits from the company.
Increased expansion of the project-type/distribution market, with a marked increase in the share of mainstream clients. 3) At the product level, companies continue to raise the capacity of the integrated solution of light, machinery, electricity, fluids, gas, and continuously deploy new product categories such as the heavy load of six joint machines, industrial control systems, electromagnetic valves, high protection i/o systems, medium voltage transmission transformers, etc., and purchase through M&A
Complements the sophisticated straight-line orbital products. Of these, the primary conductor electromagnetic valves for the new priority gas business are already in a small batch phase (the main line valves are still under development, the ski cylinders are still under development). Industrial robots are growing faster, and new robots are in the early stages. 23H1 company scara and small six axes.
Robots are growing faster, with a large number of applications in industries such as 3c, photovoltaic, lithium, etc., and a large six-axis robot is being developed to move solutions from the market to the customer, and the industry is expected to expand further. The annual income forecast for industrial robotics is equal to +40-50%, and is equally significant because of the high self-sufficiency of parts and components of products (with the exception of a deceleration machine) and profitability.
With regard to robotics, companies are constantly following industry trends, with robotic-related parts and components in stock, drives, silk poles, encoders, etc., with a solid technical base (in terms of whether there is a framework to drive power, low-pressure permagnetic synchronisers, late delivery of orders increased by +q2 orders, and 23h1 achieved $2.97 billion, compared to 48 per cent; q2 achieved camp
The upward trend is expected to continue. 2) Product end-of-end electrical controls and aggregates continue to be better supported, while power-based products accelerate their release, and the second generation of generation-sic electrical controls are on the market with the client's model and are about to enter the batch phase; 3) car-end h2 is a hybrid of new ups and ups and ups and ups and downs, etc.
New products in the future (distributed-driven totals, multiple-power-driven totals, and fourth generation totals) are expected to be released, with the energy state steadily climbing up the slopes in the first phase, and part of the second stage of production line layout completed and partially operational. The joint ipo event is also driven by elevators: heating demand + big packages + seaboarding, and o2 faster growth.
By adopting a proactive market strategy, and by following up on initiatives such as large-client projects, expanding the gap market and recovering shares, h1 has a single volume that is better than that of the industry. Add a low base of 22 q2 (the Shanghai epidemic affects Best) and h1 has achieved a revenue of 2.37 billion, or +7 per cent; of this, 1.45 billion, or +41 per cent, are in q2 camps.
The escalators + large-scale solutions for multinational companies are growing faster, h1 large domestic packages are increasing by more than 20%, and overseas elevator operations are expected to continue their trend at +50%. Profit growth is expected to be faster than revenue throughout the year: Māori is expected to recover at the same rate due to lower prices for bulk raw materials;
Promote process change in the Department of Enterprise and effectively promote the integration and sharing of resources on the Bester platform, with lower costs and operational costs. Digitization, internationalization, energy management, three strategic business lines are steadily moving forward: h1 market end in textiles (the world ' s 500-strong customer), ports (top10 port customer), carpentry,
Industries like elevators provide automated + digitized solutions, digital air conditioning, plant management, digital park operations for lithium power, pharmaceutical flagships, etc. The product ends with an iterative version of the nocube digital platform, the construction of the iot common platform, integrated energy management, digital public support, etc., and the launch of the pac800+standard programming platform noquickpro
Digital solutions; development of a new strategy for “step internationalization” in the areas of air-conditioning, energy efficiency, margin computing, and a “global” (international localization) model. The strategy is local: 1) market end continues to be in mature markets (Europe, Korea, etc.) and emerging markets (India, South-East Asia, Middle East, etc.)
Regional marketing strategies for local teams and increased strategies for “business lines to the sea” and “manufacturing with China to the sea.” h1 earns better revenue in India, Europe, and South-East Asia. 2) Product-end elevators remain the main source of revenue, with low-pressure transformer frequencies and a steady increase in servile sales. 3) Other R&D-sides have strengthened the construction of the European R & D Centre, and production-end Hungarian plants have become operational.
The company is operational in a logistics hub in Europe, and some elevator products have started to be tested and are expected to be bulked by the end of the year. Energy management: pcs for business side-by-business exit functions such as voltage-free access and power-quality governance, and initially offer full-liquid cold-energy terminals and business-to-business-one solutions, yielding many “five, six, six, two, two,”
H1 cash flow has improved significantly, and contract liabilities have increased considerably. 2023h1 operating cash flows have increased by 513.62 per cent from the same year to the same year by 748 million yuan from the same year. The sales of goods received $9.445 billion from the same year, an increase of 37.67 per cent from the same year.
Three major financial forecasting tables for SWIkawa technology. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.