Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
I. Performance exceeded expectations in 2018; in four quarters alone, the price of the bottled wine rose, but the price of the ton fell short of expectations. Total equity/flow (million shares) collected $37.2 billion and net profit $35.2 billion for the year, exceeding the previous period by $2.2 billion, respectively.
The net revenue from liquor sales, hotels, interest and commissions is 73.564 billion yuan, and the revenue from the series is 8,077 million yuan.
The same increase of 39.88 per cent was split by 32464 tons (the same increase of 7.48 per cent) and tons - 2019/01/02 (600519).
The price has contributed more to income and profit gains. Assessment: a single-season slowdown is not hidden, and a reasonable increase will continue in the future.
Tons are overestimated. 28,000 tons of the Mautai sales plan in 2018 and 3.25 million tons were actually sold, with an assessment that the drop in advance receipts is a sign, growth and valuation.
The price increase is 18.32%, but the average tonnage price of the puppies is only 16.29%, presumably the price of the non-target product is lower than expected, or the proportion sold is lower than expected. In our judgement, the ratio of sales of the higher-priced non-target product is left open from the increase in the future price of the non-target product and the increase in sales.
It's 10 pccs higher than expected, and apart from direct price increases for products, it's more predictable than expected to be the import and structural upgrading of the Living Shaw concept, which, in 2019, was stagnated by the cost of the high-end series of wines like Hanzai, which is expected to develop better, and the structure of the series continues.
The annual tabloids in Kotai, Guizhou: the price rise is higher than expected, and space and risk are redefined by 22,230 million yuan in four quarters alone, $10,470 million in net profit and over 20 billion in one quarter.
For the first time in history, more than 10 billion dollars in profits were earned, of which 19.22 billion yuan was earned, an increase of 37.40 per cent; the price increased by 17.5 per cent. Despite expectations in the spring of 2019, four quarters of the supply was still above expectations.
The expected higher-than-expected price of the makhallya tons, but the lower-than-anticipated fly-out and price increases for non-target products, together, have also resulted in significantly lower-than-expected tonnage prices for the fourth quarter of the single quarter.
The market is expected to have a higher Māori rate for Mau-Tai, after the Poo Foo price increased to $969, but may be slightly lower than expected due to the lack of a step-by-step increase in non-target prices. In 2019, Māori rates are expected to be accompanied by further price increases for non-targeting, product structural upgrading, and channel adjustment.
On the cost side, the overall sales cost in 2018 was $2,572 million, a decrease of $273 million and an increase of 0.20 to 6.90 per cent.
The company’s controlling subsidiary, Kuo Dai Finance Co. Ltd., is centrally managed, operating efficiently and earning significantly better. The three rates are generally positive, with net interest rates rising more than the Māori rate.
Combined with 2017 and 2018, sales costs have declined steadily from an average of compound annual growth, and in 2019, the sales of both gins and wine series have been light, the marketing of the main plus quality and the “culture kiosks”, and sales rates are expected to remain flat downwards, and management costs are expected to remain low.
The company’s profitability indicators continue to improve, and there is room for further improvement in 2019 and beyond. Performance growth in 2019 was underpinned by price growth and greater profit elasticity.
Both Māori rates and net interest rates are expected to improve.iii. Income target approximations are achieved, product structure upgrades and channel adjustments are made to improve performance.
With hundreds of millions of targets, corporate management’s “quick and fast,” “jumping and picking peaches,” we judge the probability of income targets being achieved as high as we can. You state Maotai’s annual report says that the prices are higher than expected, and space and risk are redefined.
Based on sales announced in the 2018 newspaper, we estimate sales in 2019 to be 3450,000 tons of the tops of the duo, with an additional 2,000 tons to be added in 2018. But if the process does not improve, the sales rate of the keys remains unchanged, and they are placed at the top of the 2019s, then in 2020.
For reasons of steady performance, we have initially judged that the distribution of the puppies in 2019 was maintained at the same level as in 2018, and that the ratio of the product structure was still high because of the use of the puppies in 2018.
With limited capacity and the need to speed up the distribution of prices, there must be some room for the future U-fly ratio. According to a price system of $969, the price of non-priced products is estimated to be in tonnage, 437 fewer powster distributors in 2018, and the corresponding number of penalties is not available, and the main investment will be in the future.
If the total sales contract of about 17,000 tonnes is maintained in 2019, the future direct and direct sales can theoretically reach 155,000 tons, or almost half. From the point of view of the factory ton price, the average direct and direct sales price is significantly higher than the distribution contract ton.
In particular, direct power suppliers, the theory is that their prices can be very close to the terminal price of 1499. By increasing the ratio of direct and direct sales, cutting and recovering revenue and profits from channels is likely to be the most significant underpinning of the performance improvement in 2019.
Income from fees, commissions, etc. has continued to grow, and the 14% increase in total operating income has been less difficult.iv. The pre-collecting ring ratio has increased, the dealers have been active, and the quarterly reports are expected to be innovative, and the trend has been to increase on a quarterly basis.
Based on the feedback from grass-roots research, this year's first quarter delivery will be projected to be more than 25 per cent of the year's Powder sales, with an additional billions expected to be added to the 2018 edition, not excluding the possibility of historic heights.
Based on the company's plans and sales during the Spring Festival, we've decided that spring release may be less than 7,500 tons, but it's much better than spring 2018, and that the sales of non-standard products, such as raw wine, are higher than expected.
But, on the whole, the quarterly reports are good in terms of sales, product structure, and channel adjustments, and they're good in terms of quality.
V. Performance judgements: Performance growth logic slightly changed in 2019, with more optimistic profits split against income targets we made before the 2018 bulletin, and income, profit growth logic slightly changed in 2019.
With a high performance base, more than 14% of income growth has continued, and it is necessary to accelerate the upgrading of product structures and the adjustment of channels, both of which eventually translate into an increase in average tonnage. According to our latest split, the contribution of prices to income and profit growth has increased significantly.
The profit elasticity would be greater if the cost rate did not increase, and the net interest rate was expected to be more optimistic in 2019, with the possibility that the market would be outpaced again. The base would be higher in 2018, when the pots were released earlier, performance exceeded expectations.
The goal is mainly based on product structural upgrading and channel adjustment. At the same time, non-target products have the potential to raise prices further.
The share of contributions is very high. Thus, the established goal of 14% income growth is an important task for listed companies. The company’s management is now confident that it will achieve the revenue target, and we believe that it is not very difficult to achieve it from the point of view of the goal. We are different from the market’s judgement.
The point is, we believe that the result of the early release of the mahogany and the 2019 emphasis on tonnage is that profits will be more flexible, with net profits likely to be more optimistic. Given the company’s business plans and the new growth logic, we adjust profit projections slightly.
Considering that foreign capital has taken over the price of the hut, that it will not be easily reduced, and that it may be bought on a continuous basis, and that it will continue to grow at a certain rate in the coming years, from the current 320,000 tons of alcohol, you state Maotai Annual Report: higher prices than expected, redefinition of space and risk.
In 2019, 23 times the pe in the hut, considering the reasonableness and continuity of the pricing, we were 29 times the pe in 2019.
Thirty-five times and thirty times, given a level that will be maintained for quite a long time against the backdrop of the current surge in blue equity and internal and external capital. Unless the company continues to raise its prices and expand its supply substantially, leading to a re-accelerated growth of profits, the company will have a valuation level.
It's hard to keep it up for the next two years as a valuation and market-market ceiling. It's a lower level in the high-scoring red company for food drinks. We should look rationally and objectively at the poohouse, whether it's alcohol or stock prices.
A stick, a focus of social attention, so many things can be magnified. It also breeds a certain risk, and the biggest uncertainty in future stock prices is the valuation level. We see that stock prices are adjusted in the second half of 2018, and the valuation returns.
The pressure on stock prices is relatively high, given the change in moods and financial preferences, and the collapse of Mao Dai’s valuation center from 25 to about 20 times. The biggest future profit is the sale of the base on the premise that there is a problem with its sales, revenue profits.
The other fundamentals are the Maotai Annual Report: the price rises well beyond expectations, redefinition of space and risk.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.