Maotai, Guizhou (600519.ss): The performance in 2018 and the 2019 guidelines are in line with the expected date and structural reforms have been initiated
The company indicated that the 2019 planned camp announced a new 2019 policy at the annual National Union of Dealers on 28-29 December. We believe that the new deal is the beginning of structural reforms in the distribution channels. Our analysis and comments are as follows:
At the distribution meeting, management announced that it would be spending around 31,000 tons in 2019. This target is slightly lower than ours.
Thirty-two thousand tons of projections for 2019, but we believe that corporate guidance will significantly ease investors’ concerns about supply constraints. In terms of management's past performance over the past three years, actual investment was higher than originally planned that year.
The highlight of the annual distributor meeting is that companies announced further rationalization and improvement of their marketing systems, which we believe means that companies have started structural reforms of their existing distribution channels. First, out of the planned 310,000 tons in 2019, the total amount of distribution contracts was only 17,000 tons.
The total amount of 1.7 million tons of distribution contracts is based on the existing compliance dealer ' s 2017 plan. It is worth noting that the company ' s initial annual release plan for 2017 was 26.8 million tons.
Second, management has indicated that there will be no future additions to the distribution chain, no new dealers and exclusive sales, and third, management has indicated that the remaining investment flows consist mainly of four direct outlets: 1) expansion of self-employed stores in the provinces.
Direct distribution channels, especially in Guizhou province; 2) ultra-direct cooperation with large businesses; 3) direct collaboration with well-known power suppliers; 4) increased delivery of airports and high-speed stations. Finally, management also indicated a modest increase in value-added product schemes.
In addition, investors should take into account possible conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report, which should not be regarded as the only profitable, volatile and less risky investment decision-making.
Based on the management statement at the distributors meeting, we believe that the company has begun structural reforms to the current distribution system dominated by the distributors, which is the first time that the company has taken such initiatives and will have a positive impact on the company in several ways: 1) direct increases in corporate profitability. As the sales share increases under the direct sales model (which we estimate will exceed in 2019).
More profits (but depending on prices set by companies for direct distribution channels) (2) reduce potential corruption. Currently, companies have decided to freeze the number of distributors and distributor quotas, so despite the current high Māori ratio (45 per cent compared to 28 per cent historical average), rent-seeking (i.e., new sales obtained through improper channels)
Business qualifications are expected to decrease, and we believe that business risks will decrease as well. 3) Increased price controls. Guozhou has been working to control retail prices and price increases from 2017 to 18, but pricing capacity has not yet been fully restored. In part, the bulk of the investment is allocated to more than 2,800 distributors, and companies have done so.
The price from the dealer to the end customer and other distributors does not have direct control. If the new policy is implemented quickly, we estimate that the price capacity should be fully restored. We expect retail prices and a batch of prices to be less volatile, while also reducing the business and market risks faced by the low in your state.
Management reiterates that, given political sensitivities and in order to maintain price affordability, prices will not rise in 2019 or the future. This is consistent with our expectations. We now assume that even if prices are not raised in 2019, the average price of sales will rise conservatively, because the price of direct sales can be significantly higher than the price of distributors (mostly based on direct sales).
Overall, we believe that structural reforms are very beneficial for the company’s long-term development. We maintain the buy-in (600519.ss) for Guizhou.
Main battalion operating income (rmmm) ebitda (rmmmn) per share (rmb)
Market net rate (x) aej strong buy-in/sale list gssustain50 concern list
The rate of return on free cash flow (%) is personal, Liao Uo Hao, Kupta (600519.ss), and hereby states that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the above-mentioned company or its securities. In addition, no part of my salary has been equal to, nor has it been equal to, any part of his salary.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao Yung Fu, cfa: a unit of media, a unit of food beverages, a unit of food beverages: anhuiguingdistilleryco., jiangsuking'sluckbrewery, jiangsuyanghe, kweichowmooutai, luzhoulaojiao, qinghaihuzhu barleywineco., shanxixinghuacunfenwine, sichuanswellfunco., tsingtaobrewery (a), wuliangyyibin.
a) Media: alphagroup, beijingenlightmediaco., beijinggehuacatv, beijinghualubainafilm&tvco., bluefocuscommunication, China socialpublishing&media, facusmediainformationtech, guangdongadvertising, huaaibrothesmedia, imaxchinahalolding, jiangsu phoeenix, orientalpearl, ourpalmco., wadafim, zhejianghuacefilm&tv.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: kweichowmoutai (rmb590.01) Goldman Sachs has an investment bank customer relationship with the following companies over the past 12 months: kweichowmoutai (rmb590.01)
Company ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Return decisions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has a dynamic rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of purchase and sale ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
The investment rating of these stocks has changed, to be eliminated. Ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets (if any) for such stocks previously set will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Research (cs): We have already suspended
Suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no research on the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information does not make sense because it is distributed in China by the Caohua Portfolio. The Caohua Securities are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.