The 4q18 super-expected is only the beginning, with internal rehabilitation expected in 2019, and the 18-year production and operation announcement.
In addition, in 2019, the company arranged a 14 per cent increase in gross operating income, and the Mautai programme led to a public announcement of production in Guotai.
Gross operating income in 2018 was $75 billion, or about 23 per cent, of which 4q18 increased by 22 per cent, up from year to year, and based on changes in profit rates and the series of alcohol revealed by the media, we found that 4q18 mounds were earning faster than the series, and the ratio was raised again.
Big, in early December, we made it clear that the four-quarter performance growth is expected to pick up significantly. The high base is the main reason for the three-quarter upturn, and the four-quarter market for mahogany is higher, while the average price of raw and fine wine is higher.
Based on the company’s historical revenue planning and demand and product delivery structure, we believe that Mao Dai’s 19-year real income will be significantly higher than planned.
Once again, the principle of fastness, no room, no backsliding was emphasized, showing that the company's industry, the Maotai wine release program, had dispelled previous market concerns about the ability of 19-year-old wine products to produce. In 2019, the Muppet sales program was about 310,000 tons, and according to the distributors' conference, it was released by the spring of 19th year.
7,500 tons, showing that there is room for regulation of the company’s finished wine production, attests to our earlier judgement. According to company announcements, in 2018, around 497 tons of pow-drinking alcohol were produced, and in the light of the production of base alcohol over the past few years, there will be no production after 2020.
In the context of internal correction, profits from channels continue to flow, and 19 years of performance are expected to be higher than expected. Vertically and horizontally, the profits from the channels are high.
Information, the distribution contract will be based on the 2017 plan volume and stock, insisting on “no gain or loss” totalling approximately 17 million tons, with increases beyond the stock being used to widen new channels and to optimize the product structure and to fine-tune the value-added product plan.
A higher share of the product will drive a rapid increase in the average price of mahogany and drive the flow of profit back. We believe that the internal correction will help the flow of profit back, with 19 years’ performance expected to exceed market expectations.
Guotai Tracking Report: Three Key Issues - Price Raises, Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Food drinks: Beverage making, souping.