We've got over-expected levels of alcohol, and we've got over-expected year-round performance.
In 2018, the company achieved a gross operating income/mortality net profit of 772.35.2 billion yuan, corresponding to +26.6 per cent/+30 per cent, and a gross interest rate of 91.14 per cent, an increase of 135 percentage points over the same period last year.
This represents 29% of the year, +34% of the year; the net return to the mother is $10.5 billion, or 30% of the year, which is a slight decrease of $852 million compared to the end of last year. Meanwhile, sales of goods, cash received for the provision of services, a slight increase in sales over the scheme, a flat increase in the price of a series of alcohol, and a guarantee of a 19-year increase in the delivery of new products.
In 2018, the company sold 3.25 million tons of Maurtai, or +7.5 per cent of the year, and collected 65.5 billion yuan, or +25. The actual sales of Mautai wine exceeded the 18-year sales plan of 28,000 tons and market expectations. According to the sales plan of 31,000 tons in 2019, sales are expected to increase by about 10 per cent this year.
Liquor capacity shows that 19 years of release space is still sufficient, with 14% of the expected revenue target not so difficult to achieve.
In 2019, the company announced that it would not increase total sales and specialties for some time.
The proportion of the year that sales outlets, contract dealers and, through self-employed shops and online channels, have been strengthened will be significant. In 2018, the Group stopped all subsidiaries, including the Maw, in their manufactures, tags and unapproved products, customized liquor, and white wine business, which is expected to be public in the future.
Three, profit predictions and investment proposals, a change of speed, and a focus on sub-high branding and...
Twenty-nine times the value of the company as a wine core is lower than the industry as a whole, growing well in the future, and performing well in high-quality real estate. On the whole, a “recommended” rating is given.
2. Annual strategy 2019: Close the economic downturn, slow down demand, release food security, etc. Ujay, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011 and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies, etc.
In 2018, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, joined the public securities industry, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,