Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
The production of Mau-Dai alcohol is estimated at 497 tons and the series is estimated at 2.05 million tons; total gross operating income is about $75 billion, or about 23 per cent, for the year as a whole; net return to the mother is about $34 billion; and total planned operating income for the company for 2019 is 14 per cent higher.
I. What about the performance of the entire year of 18 years: four quarters alone, with high net profit innovation and higher structural upgrading than expected, total operating income of about $75 billion a year, is in line with market expectations.
The volume split shows a slight decrease in the sale of the matai wine (estimated at about 200 tons) and the sale of the series of wines, total equity/flow (million shares) total market value/flow (millions)
Year-round, the price of the taupe was close to 2.12 million tons, an increase of 22.22 per cent over the previous year, which was much higher than previously anticipated, mainly because of the substantial upgrading of the product structure in the four quarters of a single quarter.
In four quarters alone, total operating income is about $20 billion and net profit to mothers is about $9.266 billion.As a single-season slowdown does not hide yoga, it will continue to grow reasonably in the future, of which about $17.3 billion, or 23.91 per cent, is the same increase; and about $1.9 billion is the result of a series of alcohol revenues.
The same increase of 8.42 per cent. Preliminary estimates for the fourth quarter alone are about 7650 tons, a reduction of more than 4 percentage points for the same season.
Review: The decline in advance receipts is a sign of growth and valuation, and, in addition to the factors of direct price increases for mahogany, the substantial upgrading of the product structure is the central reason for the over-anticipated increase.
The product structure upgrades the price of the single four quarters to around 2.25 million tons, pushing it backwards.
Comments: Postponement affects acceleration and price increases are insufficient Sales of non-target products such as refined and raw paper; at the same time, the amount recovered by the distributor was confiscated during the period, as shown by - 2018/05/01
Mainly on non-target products. So, despite a slight fall in the year-round volume of mahogany, and below expectations in four quarters alone, the increase in ton prices ensured that income growth was in line with expectations and that net profits were higher by a single quarter.
Our point is that Mao Dai’s year-round performance has largely been judged and has not disappointed the market. The concerns about demand elasticity and about the price system have not arisen, or have not been highlighted.
The influence of distributors on corporate operations is manageable, and the company’s capacity in volume, price regulation, and channel control is well proven. Changes in product structure in four quarters of the year also highlight the enormous scope for companies to upgrade their product structure and make it more sustainable in the future.
Guozhou Mautai: Ton prices are higher than expected, direct camp increases guarantee future growth. 2nd, 19th year, what do you think: more than 3% increase in volume, substantial increase in profit from recovery channels in the direct camp?
Worrying that the market is eating the next "conservative pill." As mentioned earlier, we initially estimate that the sales of wine in the past 18 years will be close to 30,000 tons, with an increase of more than 3% over the course of the 19th year. Disaggregated, the total number of legal and compliant distributors' contracts in the planned amount of 310,000 tons will not be reduced.
(b) Electricians, ka-suppliers and out-of-plan liquor, which is expected to increase significantly, possibly by more than 12,000 tons, and which, in addition to the export portion, is calculated to be less than the price of the distribution contract in tons, other direct lines.
Some of the tonnage is significantly higher than the distribution contract. The limited increase in exports, and the very large increase in other direct-camp forms, has led to a significant increase in the overall tonnage of the direct-camp component and the overall tonnage of the mary.
The impact on the price of the tavern is about +9%, after a direct camp share. Our point is that, benefiting from long-term company planning and smoothing, in 2019, the plan for the khoose was expected to increase by a single-digit figure, eliminating market concerns about the lack of base alcohol.
The distributor and the recovery of this part of the distribution volume for direct and untied products are consistent with our long-standing judgement. On the basis of ensuring legal and compliance with the interests of distributors, the channels are adjusted, the profits are recovered, the product structure is upgraded, and the channels are better regulated and better regulated.
Brand management also helps to improve profitability and performance. Thirdly, how do we see our performance over the next two years: income continues to grow at a high rate, net interest rates significantly improved, and corporate plans to increase gross business income by 14% in 2019, and we judge that the margin is achievable.
After a partial increase, the price of tons rose by about 9%, and overall it was possible to see a 14% or more increase in the income from the matai. While the series of wines had not increased for 19 years, product structure upgrades and price increases for some products would continue to contribute to the increase and were not expected to delay the increase.
Interest income outside is relatively stable and growing at a higher rate. Thus, total operating income achieved 14 per cent in 19 years, with a 19-year direct-camp increase, increases in sales costs are relatively limited; digestion of stocks may still have to maintain high sales costs, but overall, sales cost rates
It's expected to go down gradually. So, the profitability of recovery channels and upgrading product structures is much more flexible for profit, and net interest rates are expected to improve significantly. We're judging 19 years of net profit growth ahead of income, Guizhou: Ton prices are higher than expected, and direct increases guarantee future growth.
And then, starting in 2020, the production of mahogany has been increasing year by year, and the price of tons has continued to grow with changes in product prices and structure, but it has remained relatively stable. The net interest rate has been raised mainly by the scale effect, and income and net profit growth have slowly moved closer to mature consumer goods.
The no-price assumption for 2019, considering the rise in non-standard, custom-made alcohol and alcohol prices in 2019 and the increase in direct business activity, led to a significant increase in corporate aggregate prices, with revenue and profits rising faster than market expectations. Thus, in 2020, even if the company raised the price of the plant, the direct benefit would be 17,000 tons of distribution.
The price increases for the remaining 50% of the bottled wine are less effective. In 2020, if all of the new quantities are used in direct camping, they will be a new source of profit. On this basis, we are right: 19 years of incremental and partial profit recovery, both of which will be realized.
To ensure a better growth in 19 years. Income growth of 14% and profit growth of nearly 20% is better than previously expected in the market. Despite macroeconomic concerns, the supply and demand of the Mautai as a white wine pole remain tight, with bulk and terminal prices high.
The increase in the proportion will make the price system healthier, and companies can cut the profits of larger channels, because the pots are likely to be followed by larger amounts of alcohol, and income and profits are expected to continue to grow higher. What do you think about the first quarter of 1919: spring is better than last year, and the product is better structured?
According to the marketing conference, 7,500 tons of puppies were planned for pre-spring, about 24.19% of the year’s total. According to the distributor’s fund-raising plan, 20% and 5% of the year were in January/February, so 7,500 tons would have to be released in February.
It's 11 days ahead of the dog's spring. The dog's spring is supposed to drop 7,000 tons of puppies before the dog's spring, but eventually it's about 5,500 tons. In December 18, there was a decrease in the drop, but production didn't stop, so we decided that the final drop was possible before the pig's spring.
It's better than dog year, but it's not sure if we're going to get 7,500 tons. Moreover, the distributors' congress revealed that 30% of the raw wine was released before spring, about 480 tons according to the 1,600-ton year plan, and that there was a very limited amount of raw wine released during the same period of year, and that this year's product should be relatively better structured.
This spring is relatively advanced, but it is expected to be more modest in terms of investment and product structure. Even with the final implementation of the January plan, at 20% of the total annual plan, it is higher than the 5,500 tons before last year.
Guizhou: Ton price rises over expectations, direct growth guarantees future growth, taking into account the company's business plans and market conditions for Mautai wine, carefully delineating mission objectives, quantifying the contribution of the quantity, price and channel adjustments to income and net profits, and predicting the company's contribution to the economy.
The company’s performance as an absolute leader and pole of white wine is stable, growing faster, and more certain. Stock prices support both at the performance and valuation levels.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.