Risk preferences have continued to decline, with asset quality marginal improvements; Safe Bank net return profits increased by 13.6 per cent in the first quarter of 2023 over the same year, while revenue fell by 2.4 per cent over the same quarter; net interest income increased by 0.5 per cent over the same year; fee income decreased by 0.1 per cent over the same year; and other non-interest ratios decreased.
23.7%. The asset quality is smooth, the non-lending provision slows down to profit, and the loan provision is flat. The provision, the model, is the main contributor to performance, and the difference and the non-interest factor are the main disincentives. On interest rates, the external environment provides policy orientation for fee concessions, the downscaling of lpr, increased competition in the industry, and companies continue to reduce the risk to retail credit clients.
Advantages, superposition of deposit pressure, internal and external effects, net differentials of the same weight, rings, drops in interest margins, risk preferences continue to decline, asset quality margins improve, have been reduced. Market volatility, policy concessions, non-interest income pressure, and, at the same time, we,
In view of the decline in bad generation and credit costs, concern has been expressed as to whether a decline in corporate risk pricing will continue to lead to a decline in good and credit costs. Corporate strategic advancement and implementation have been very positive, and the customer base, especially retail, has improved, and the pool of consensual risk-pricing clients has gradually been acquired and strengthened.
A sustainable asset-liability cycle and profit model. The company's 23-year pb valuation of 0.56x, the excessive pb valuation of the external environment, the asset and liability pressures of equity and other small and medium-sized banks.
The company is still in our core recommended portfolio, looking at the company’s performance, and maintaining a rating of the company’s growth. According to the announced average balance, loans increased by 8.3% in the first quarter, by 1.7 percentage points in the same year, by 9.3% in the same year for public loans, by 6.7% in the same year for retail loans, and by faster in the same year for retail deposits.
Growth of 10.4 per cent over the same period slowed, with 2.4 per cent over the same year for public deposits and 6.3 per cent below the same rate. The pressure was mainly due to the public fixed-term and, by ring, the average balance for the first quarter fell against the public deposit ring. Total market value (RMB million)
China Peace Insurance Group Inc. has gone up, and the increase in the cost of public deposits is the main reason. We are concerned that the rate of return on public loans has continued to rise over the last three quarters, while the cost of public deposits has also increased considerably and the spread on public deposits has continued to widen.
Retail loan risk has continued to decline and competition has increased, while lending pricing has continued to decline, and the company retail customer base has continued to accumulate, interest-bearing deposits have increased and retail deposits have increased.
The net difference is 17 bp below the same year, and the asset line is the main pressure, retail loans are collected and the asset quality margin is improved.
In comparison with the previous year or decrease, the rate of negative calculation was 1.28 per cent, a decrease from the previous quarter. For public bad, 0.51 per cent, a decrease of 0.1 percentage points from the previous year, of which the rate of bad real estate loans was 1.22 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The decline of 0.21 percentage points; the retail failure rate of 1.41%, an increase of 9bp over the previous year, and the rise in new loans, car loans, credit cards, and other bad business and consumer loans. The downside of the economy, and recurrent epidemics, has led to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality.
Net interest income increased by 0.5 per cent over the year, fee income decreased by 0.1 per cent over the year, other non-interest income decreased by 23.7 per cent over the year, operating income decreased by 2.4 per cent over the year, total assets increased by 2.5 per cent over the beginning of the year.
In terms of interest rates, the external environment has reduced fees and fees, the policy orientation of benefits, the lpr adjustment, increased competition in the industry, and companies have continued to reduce the risk preferences of the retail credit pool, adding to the pressure on deposits.
Internal and external factors have led to a narrow reduction in net interest differentials due to the same pressure, the ring ratio. On non-interest, market volatility adds policy benefits and non-interest income pressure. At the same time, we see a decline in unsound generation and credit costs, and concern about whether a decline in corporate risk pricing can continue to lead to a decline in bad and credit costs.
Improved, and gradually increased, consensual risk-pricing clients to adjust to a sustainable asset-liability loop and profit model. Publicity reflects the asset and liability pressures of equity and other small and medium-sized banks in the current external environment. When risks are always feared in the past and are already reflected in valuations and stock prices, they should not be too pessimistic.
Keep a good eye on company performance and maintain its rating of growth.1 The profit rate is slightly slower, the profitability of the same income increases are 13.6 per cent higher in the first quarter of 2023, and the provision, size, is still the main contribution to the growth in performance, with differentials and non-interests.
Performance is a major disincentive. Roe 14.38%, an increase of 0.28 percentage points in the same year, core-level capital adequacy rate of 8.91%, a rise in the same year 27bp, capital upgrades, and capital buffer supplementation needs are still in place.
At the end of the period, loans grew by 9.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, for public (non-paper), paper and retail loans by 11.6 per cent, for 9.9 per cent, and, according to the published average balances, loans grew by 8.3 per cent on a quarter-on-year basis, at a slower rate of 1.7 percentage points, with public loans increasing by 9.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, retail loans increasing by 6.7 per cent, and retailing slowing down. Deposits grew by 10.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, slowing down the rate of growth in public deposits.
There may be industrial reasons for the 0.8 percentage point decline in the balance relative to the public deposit ring.3 The slowdown in the net interest margin is the main reason. We are concerned that the rate of return on public loans has continued to rise in the last three quarters and that the cost of public deposits has risen more.
At the retail end, the risk of retail lending has continued to decline in favour of higher competition, loan pricing has continued to decline, the decline has been narrow, the firm’s retail customer base has continued to accumulate, interest-bearing deposits have matured and there has been an upward trend in residential savings, retail deposit pricing has declined, net interest differentials have declined by 17bp compared to the same year, asset downwards have been the main pressure of the same decline, and retail lending returns have fallen by 52bp compared to the same year.
The fees fell by 0.1% over the same year, a slight increase compared to last year’s full year, and were weaker than last year’s fourth quarter. Markets such as bonds and foreign exchange still affected other non-interest 5 and asset quality marginal improvements, with a decline in the countercalculation rate of 0.21 percentage points compared to the end of the year; retail underperformance, 1.41%, an increase of 9bp over the previous year, new loans, car loans, credit cards, and
Other bad business and consumer loans have risen, and the trend is consistent with industry.6 Non-loan provision for counter-feeding profits, loan stock provision has slightly increased, with a 16.5 per cent decline in impairment losses compared to the previous quarter.
By 2.4 per cent, compared with Bitoti, the non-lending loss was $3.17 billion less, contributing to the growth in performance. The provision for stock loans rose slightly, the economy went down at the end of the year, and the epidemic repeatedly led to a deterioration in the quality of assets.