Waiting for a recovery, there was a slight drop in the same harvest, with double-digit growth in performance. Camp 2023q1 registered a 8.6 pct decline in the rate of growth in 22 years.
Up to -2.4%; net profit return falls by 11.6% to 13.6% over 22 years, but remains even in double digits. The main drivers of profit growth are the provision of counter-breeding and scale expansion: while profit growth slows mainly because of lower net interest differentials, volatility in bond and foreign exchange markets, leading to other non-interest earnings.
In the case of recovery, the stage negative factors are expected to improve, with a quarter or year-long low performance, a single-season loan price-fixing ring that is stable and the cost of the liability to be optimized. 2023q1 net interest difference of 2.63 per cent continues to be shared.
The loan yield ratio has been flat at 5.97%, and has been steady for the first time since the downward trend in the pricing of 21q2 loans. Among these, the enterprise loan pricing ratio has risen by 12 bp; individual lending has been tilted towards low-risk operations and a high-quality group of customers, and the price chain has dropped by 5 bp. The downward pressure is expected to decrease in the future as the economy returns and companies continue to optimize their asset-liability structure.
\triangleright has a 10bp decline in the non-performing ratio of corporate loans and a 9bp increase in the non-performing rate of individual loans, which is lower for listed banks. \triangleright has a 7bp to 1.75% drop in the interest ratio, with hidden non-performing loans generating less pressure.
We believe that corporate risk is manageable. Profit predictions: Safe Banks rely on group resources, have a comprehensive financial and technological enabling advantage, and have a new silver cover.
\triangleright sets the engine to drive the big wealth management strategy. While the impact of the downside of the previous economy on interest differentials and asset quality is still present in the quarter, companies will move forward in the future as the epidemic recovers, consumption warms, and real estate risks are disposed of.
We expect better prospects for growth. The company’s net return profits for 2023-2025 are expected to increase at the same rate as the relative rate, respectively, as a risk factor: the economy falls short of expectations, policies fall short of expectations, asset quality deteriorates significantly, etc.
I mean, it's the same speed of collection and performance.
Figure 2: Cumulative year-on-year increase in performance vs. Industry-wide level Figure 3: Analysis of the causes of the increase in performance Figure 5: Net interest difference vs. Industry average
Figure 4: Cumulative annualized weighted roe and roa Figure 6: Negative rate vs. Industry Figure 7: Provision for coverage vs. Industry
In November 2019, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liao Yiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a candidate for the School of Honour, Financial Science and Testing. Experiences related to leasing, private collection, banking, and securities. Previous studies in finance, household electricity, and colored industries.
Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy granted by the CSRC. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.