Peace Bank (000001): Low interest margin against expectations, sound management of wealth incident: 24 April, 1-quarter 2023 report published by Peace Bank, 1-q23 received, pre-positioned profit
The Bank of Peace has been fully transformed into a retail bank since 2016, with a fully weighted average of roe of 14.38%, an increase of 0.28 pct over the same period.
The spread of interest and the volatility of the capital market, with a 1q23 crop and a net profit up and down. At the end of the income end: 1q23 flat, it is two-fold lightening.
Large personal client base, strong brand influence, broad interest differentials, and other non-interest income slippages.
The net interest income has increased at a slower rate than 22 years (32.12 billion, or 0.5 per cent, compared to the previous year, the acceleration of retail transformation and the creation of leading smart retail banks, a decrease of 7.6 pct).2 In the area of non-interest income: net revenue from fees of $8.88 billion, a decrease of 0.1 per cent, compared with the previous year:
At the end of the expenditure: lower credit costs, counter-bullying profits, loss of 1q23 credit impairments, 16.5% decline in the same year, and higher net profits.
The trend towards the periodicization of deposits has continued with a rapid increase in the volume of loans and loans in the past quarter. The Bank of Peace maintained faster lending, with the loan balance increasing by 9.0 per cent at the end of March, compared to 3.3 per cent at the beginning of the year. The increase in 1023 was higher than the same period last year's 6.25 pt, reflecting a better recovery in retail demand.
In the context of Sue, retail credit demand is expected to recover gradually, promising to drive total credit flows, structures, and returns, with loan returns falling by 11 bp. The decline in the rate of return on loans is due mainly to high-pricing of loans and reduced risk preferences, corporate initiatives to tighten risk policies, controls on new loans, credit card lending, and increases
(b) Portfolio mortgages are strongly invested to balance risks and gains. 2 End of liability: interest-bearing liabilities have increased interest rates by 8 bp over 22 years, with savings rates rising by 11 bp. Interest rates on public demand and time deposits have increased by 29 bp, 11 bp, mainly because the cost of foreign currency deposits has increased as a result of the United States dollar ' s continued interest increase;
As a result of the progressive pricing of deposit costs and initiatives such as structural optimization and enhanced volume control, the rate of personal time and time deposit payments fell by 2 bp and 14 bp, respectively. Looking ahead, in 2023, we expect full-year interest rates to be optimized: and the liability level to be actively controlled and optimized, with the expectation of a quarterly round of net interest differentials at q2
The negative rate remained stable, with some differentiation in the quality of public and retail assets; the level of provision was adequate. At the end of March, Ping-An bank non-performing loan rate was 1.05 per cent, the same rate as at the end of the previous year. For the public bad rate, 0.51 per cent, compared to the previous year ' s end, s14851907002
10bp; of these, the rate of bad loans to public real estate fell from 21bp to 1.22% at the end of the previous year, and the quality of public assets remained stable. The retail rate was 1.41%, up from 9bp at the end of the previous year; credit cards, consumption and business lending were all on the rise, reflecting the early recovery and the continued recovery of customer repayment capacity.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn is on track to improve the quality of personal loan assets as the economy continues to recover. The negative net yield of 1q23 plus write-off is estimated at 2.04 per cent, down from 22 years.
On the basis of forward-looking indicators, the rate of concern has fallen by 7bp private clients, aum has grown rapidly, and the income of the agents of the new wealth team has grown dramatically. The wealth management business has grown steadily over the past quarter, with an increase of 4.8% in the same amount of wealth.
The number of retail customers at the end of March stood at 125 million, an increase of 1.4 per cent over the beginning of the year, while the number of rich and private clients was 1.3 million and 84,000 respectively, an increase of 3.1 per cent and 4.2 per cent compared with the beginning of the year.
At the end of March, retail aum aum was 3.77 trillion, an increase of 5.2 per cent from the beginning of the year, and private aum 1.78 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent from the beginning of the year.3 The number of new wealth teams in the workforce was over 1,700 and the income from the 1q23 proxy insurance was 1.32 billion.
83.8 per cent; the new wealth team is expected to become a new engine for wealth management growth, with a sustained contribution. Gradually warming, capital markets and wealth management contributions, easing asset quality pressures, supporting companies out-of-date shifts, affecting the banking environment, bank magnification speed, net spread levels, asset quality
Figure 1: Net profit of 1q23 from the Bank of Peace increased by 13.6 per cent over the year. Figure 2: Breakdown of performance of Bank of Peace 2022 and 1q23. Figure 3: Loans from Bank of Peace increased by 9 per cent over the year at the end of March.
Figure 4: Peace Bank 1q23 net interest difference of 2.63 per cent, a decrease of 12 bp from 22 years. Figure 5: Bad loan rates of Peace Bank at the end of March were at the same level as at the beginning of the year. Figure 6: The Bank ' s end-of-March provision coverage was almost at the same level as at the beginning of the year.
Table 1: Indicators related to the management of the wealth of the Bank of Peace.
Peace Bank ($00001): The narrow harvest meets expectations, wealth management is well developed, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Peace and Security Bank (000001): The interest differentials meet expectations, wealth management is well developed, and the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom, has a Master of Finance and Economics.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.