The company review report, Banking, April 25th, 2023, was well developed in wealth management and asset quality.
The Peace Bank (000001.sz) incident company issued a quarterly report for 2023.
With less impact, net profit growth continues to benefit from reduced minuscule pressure. 2023q1, corporate credit impairments of Nim have been narrow in relation to the ring, maintaining higher growth in public loans, optimizing personal deposit costs of 2023q1, driven by e-business, rapid growth in personal deposits and a reduction in costs. As of the end of March,
The company absorbs the principal of the deposits of 3.47 trillion yuan, an increase of 14.7 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, of which the individual deposits are better than 15 bp, mainly due to the increase in foreign currency market interest rates, resulting in an average cost of 2.28 per cent for the individual deposits, a decline of 5 bp and 4 bp, respectively, compared to the ring.
The decline in non-interest income, the positive growth of wealth management business, 2023q1, the non-interest income of companies, billions of yuan, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same period, and other non-interest income from non-interest operations, represented by the return on investment.The smooth quality of the assets, the release of the risk of bad public real estate lending, as of the end of March, was bad for the company.
Percentage points. Of these, 1.22 per cent were poor loans to public real estate, down 0.21 percentage points from the beginning of the year. Investments recommended that companies rely on China for safety, ecological synergies among beneficiary groups, and a combination of financial advantages;
Three business cards: "Little, Ecobank, Platform Bank," which continuously upgrade retailing, business strategy for public and financial associations, deepening full digitalization, reshaping asset and liability operations, and overall sound performance. Loans in the table continue to expand, with interest differentials and optimal cost of the liabilities;
Business wealth management is well under way, with retail and private sector aum growing robustly and increasing profit-making space. Assets are of essentially smooth quality, adequate provision is made, and bad real estate risks are released.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.