Performance summary: Corporate revenue of $21.99 billion in 2018, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the previous year; net return on maternity
Net return to mother 870 million yuan, ring increase of 125.6 per cent, net gain of 5.71 billion yuan, net gain to mother of 19q1 $610 million, net gain to non-mother of $60 million, respectively, with a constant decrease in cost, with a marked improvement in the Māori rate: the price of silicone fell significantly in 18 years, as a result of the New Deal of 531 years
In 43 per cent of cases, the Māori rate of the company silicon fell by 10.1 per cent to 22.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the Māori rate fell by less than the price, partly because the price of silicon fell by a large margin, while the cost of the company ' s nonsilicon cost fell by a higher than expected 10.5 per cent per unit of nonsilicon on a year-on-year basis.
The cost per unit of non-silicon fell by 27.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a sharp drop in the price of silicon in 19 years, an effective drop in the cost of silicon, a steady increase in the price of silicon, a repair of the company ' s Māori ratio, a 23.5 per cent increase in the combined Māori rate for q1 in 19 years, an increase of 1.2 percentage points in the Q2 silicon price.
The company’s q2 silicon maori ratio will continue to improve as the cost of silicon continues to fall. Capacity continues to expand, further entrenching the monocrystal integration pole: by the end of 2018, the company’s silicone output reached 28gw, representing more than 40% of global monocrystal capacity, and based on this, the company plans the monocrystal silicon.
In the low season of domestic demand, the foreign market erupted: 18 years of New Deal 5.31, although the price of the industrial chain was significantly lower.
In 2018, the company sold 1,962 mw of single crystal components abroad, an increase of 370 per cent compared to the previous year. In 19 q1 domestic policies had not yet landed, domestic demand was low, and overseas markets supported global demand, with companies selling 940 mw of single crystal components abroad, an increase of 154.1 per cent, or the company.
The sales rate of the components is 75.8%, and we expect that the price of the components will continue to stimulate the development of the offshore photovoltaic market and that the company’s overseas operations will continue to grow.
Corporate performance: With the exception of 12 years of Euro-American opposition to the impact of the entire photovoltaic plate, the corporate operating income base was maintained at a steady growth rate of more than 30 per cent per year, 18 years of industry being affected by the “531” New Deal, a significant decline in domestic loading, the New Deal impact, a sharp fall in product prices, a decline in the Māori rate, a decline in performance, and a net profit of $2.34 billion to achieve a deduction from the net return to the mother.
The company ' s Māori rate has steadily increased and continues to increase in size, and there is scope for a significant decline in the three rates: the company ' s Māori rate has been from 12 years to date between percentage points and 22.2 per cent, the Māori rate has fallen less well than the price of the price of its raw materials silicon, on the one hand because of the sharp decline in the price of the same raw materials and, on the other hand, the company ' s non-silicon costs have continued to decline, with the average unit nonsilicon cost of the crystal chain being the same.
The price of silicon silicon fell rapidly in 19 years, the cost of silicon silicon effectively fell, while the price of silicon silicon silicon rose steadily, the company ' s Māori ratio was repaired, the combined Māori rate was 23.5 per cent in q1 in 19 and the price of silicon 18q4 was raised by 1.2 percentage points, and the price of silicon q2 continued to fall.
The company’s rate of q2 silicon is expected to continue to improve, with a rate of 9.6 per cent in 18 years, an increase of 0.3 percentage points in the same year, and a rate of 10.6 per cent in 19 years, a sharp increase in overseas markets and a marked improvement in cash flows: during the reporting period, the company increased its market outreach and channels abroad.
Construction, the introduction of New Deal 5.31 has stimulated a rapid increase in overseas sales of single crystal components, which reached 1,962 mw in 2018, an increase of 370 per cent in the same year. q1 sales of single crystal components abroad in 19 years, an increase of 154.1 per cent in the same year. We expect that the decline in component prices will continue to stimulate the development of the overseas photovoltaic market, and the company's overseas operations will continue to increase.
The net operating cash flow and collection ratio of the company has improved continuously, with a net operating cash flow of 940 million yuan for 19q1, compared with figure 6: the apparent improvement in the company's cash flow, assuming that 1: the company's photovoltaic silicon production capacity continues to improve and is expected to reach 36gw, 50gw, and 50gw, respectively, by the end of 19-21.
65gw, with capacity utilization and distribution rates of more than 90 per cent, assumes that: the company ' s battery and component capacity will continue to increase and the single crystal battery capacity will be achieved by the end of 2019-2021, respectively, for no reason, no reason or direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.