Annual report of Lungi (601012) and a quarterly review of sales continue to grow at a high rate, and overseas operations are operating at a higher rate.
Production and sales have increased significantly, and single crystal shares have increased effectively. During the reporting period, companies have effectively secured market requirements for monocrystal products by increasing the value of their customers, relying on monocrystal technology and cost advantages; and product sales have been identified by adapting product structures and distribution areas to market conditions in a timely manner.
Significant growth. In 2018, the company was able to produce 3,483 million single crystal silicon tablets, compared with 7,072mw in 2017 and 50 per cent more than the same year in 2017, with a single crystal stock/flow (million shares)
In the reporting period, the company increased its market outreach and channel development abroad, and the introduction of New Deal 5.31 stimulated a rapid increase in overseas sales of single crystal components, the company's overseas crystal components in 2018.
Sales reached 1,962mw, an increase of 370% in the same year. Under the company’s lead, the crystal market rate continued to expand, according to pv, as the single crystal stock (601012) of Lungi’s stock was further accentuated.
(601012) Three-quarterly report point evaluation - Production and sales volume in informlink Agency statistics, global single crystal market share increased to 46 per cent in 2018, with a significant increase in the forecast and a leader.
Research and development investment continues to grow, and products are more competitive. In 2018, companies built on customer value creation as a starting point, continued to deepen product-leading strategies, and maintained strong R&D inputs.
(601012) Half-yearly report reviews - Recovering the growth of the research and development workforce and continuous enhancement of the research and development capacity. By the end of the reporting period, companies had accumulated high growth, with a significant increase in their single-crystal share.
There are 526 authorized patents, all of which have important research results - 2018/09/03 - and high-efficiency products are constantly being developed.
Households provide customized demand products, positive R & D results in process improvement, hot-spot adaptation, assistive materials improvement and control system optimization, which effectively prolongs the equipment life cycle, while equipment and production line intelligence are constantly improving.
Rates and component power, repeated updates of the world record of perc battery conversion efficiency, single crystal double-sided perc batteries with a maximum positive conversion efficiency of 24.06%, leading the industry. Based on forward vision medium- and long-term technology strategic planning, the company has completed a variety of high-efficiency battery and component products.
Efficient capacity continues to expand, and technological cost advantages are evident. The introduction of New Deal 5.31, while having an impact on domestic demand, has not changed the company’s expansion plan.
By the end of the year, the company's single crystal silicon production capacity had reached 28gw and the single crystal component production capacity had reached 8.8gw, including the 5gw single crystal silicon rod construction project produced by Li Jianglongi, the 5gw single crystal silicon rod construction project produced by Paosan Lungi, the 5gw single silicon bar produced by Silvergawa Lungi and 5gw single-year production.
The project for the construction of the crystal silicon was completed, the project for the production of 10 gw single silicon tablets per year by Chu Yuonji accelerated (phase one), the project for the upgrading of the annual capacity of the Zhejiang Le leaves and the Taizhou Leaf components was completed, and the company’s size in the single crystal field was further consolidated.
Improved management, accelerated import and volume of R & D results, enhanced process control of production operations and efficiency, further reduced non-silicon cost of products, with a 10.49 per cent decrease in the average unit non-silicon cost of the crystal link compared to the same time, and a decrease in the average unit nonsilicon cost of the sliced link compared to the same time.
27.81 per cent, with an average conversion efficiency of 22.2 per cent for the production of perc batteries and 305w-310w for the production of 60 perc components.
Management has great advantages. With the advent of parity in the photovoltaic industry, the company, as a monocrystal and 1.86 yuan/share, gives a “buy-in” rating of p20, 18 and 15 times.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.