The company plans to invest in the construction of 15gw single crystal silicon tablets, 3gw single crystal battery capacity, while the distribution of the shares is successful.
The company, as a monocrystal leader, has a strong cost advantage, actively expands, takes over the market, and plans to invest in the construction of 15gw monocrysilicon, 3gw monocrystal battery capacity: company announcements, company and fully-funded subsidiary Ning Shaloiye signed with the Bank of Economics and Technology Development of the Soldon, respectively.
An investment agreement is in place for the company’s annual production of 15 gw silicon bars and silicon tablets in Sinakawa, and the annual production of 3 gw single crystal batteries. The total investment is about $5.85 billion, and it is planned to start production in 2020: the company’s 15gw silicon production capacity.
About 4.3 billion yuan (about 287 million yuan/gw per unit) is planned to start production on a step-by-step basis in the second half of 2020; about 1.55 billion yuan (about 517 million yuan/gw per unit) in 3gw battery capacity is planned to start production gradually in the first half of 2020.
This expansion is in line with the firm’s strategic need to provide adequate capacity security for the efficient monocrystal market supply, to seize single-crystal market development opportunities and to further increase the share of the monocrystal market.
The distribution of the shares was completed and the pace of expansion was firm: the company announced that it had also completed the subscription of contributions to the company ' s shareholdings, with a valid subscription of 833 million shares and a purchase of approximately 3,875 million shares, and the distribution of the shares was successful.
In the process of construction, the gradual release of the above-mentioned new capacity will help to improve the company’s industrial chain layout and sustain its leading position and combined competitiveness in the monocrystal field.  Under the current equity portfolio, taking into account the company’s shareholdings, single crystallized silicon tablets, etc.
Lungi shares: increased profits from silicon tiles, increased production speed, high policy risks; less than expected demand in the industry; less than expected decline; less than expected in the production capacity digestion; Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Lee Kollen