Two consecutive quarters of profitability rebounded to confirm the reversion of the landscape The company issued 2018 and 2019 I quarterly reports with revenues of $21.99 billion (+34 per cent) and billions (+12.5 per cent) in 2018, in line with expectations.
At the same time, the company published an updated production plan for 2019-2021, which is expected to produce 65 gw of single crystal silicon rods/silicon tablets by the end of 2021, 20 gw of single crystal battery cells and 30 gw of single crystal components. The profitability rebounded for two consecutive quarters to confirm the reversion.
The sharp fall in the price of the industrial chain that began at the beginning of the year caused a decline in the Māori rate by 10 pct to 22.25 per cent; 2) after 531, it was confirmed by the Quarterly Profit Trail, that there had been a sharp upturn in the profit forecast and that the fall in the fast-frozen + production inertia + prices had resulted in an asset impairment loss of up to $730 million.
Prices hit bottom and slightly recovered, company costs of silicon non-silicon were reduced to less than a dollar, profitability recovered quickly, net profits of 2018q4 a quarter amounted to 870 million yuan (Run comparison + 126 per cent), 2019q1 minus investment revenue 2. Stock impairment delayed short-term performance and business data became apparent
The net profit gains grew by 84 per cent over the same period, and the Māori rate and net interest rates recovered steadily for two consecutive quarters (recognizing important signs of the reversion).
The price of silicon is a major breakthrough in the export of components, leading to internationalization.
There is sufficient support for maintaining a relatively high profit margin: while industry-wide perc batteries are growing faster, line suppliers - Lungi Stock Company (LKS), the product performance and cost advantages of a company over marginal production will ensure that profitability is kept ahead of industry.
The company’s latest planned silicon rods/silicon tablets, batteries, component production capacity at the end of 2019–2021 will reach, respectively, the expected high price of the industry in the second half of the year, the expected increase in profitability and the possible synchronization of the inter-annual valuation switch.
q2 domestic demand is supported by a “low season”, while overseas orders continue to be strong, product prices are high, and if domestic policies are on track in the next two months, some supply and demand patterns are better, and with the start of the domestic price parity project in the second half of the year and the prospects for overseas demand growth in 2020 are going to pass.
The company’s stock prices are expected to change in the second half of the year. Given the speed of the company’s expansion plan and the recent product price performance, we have been able to update the company.
Landfall and implementation of domestic policies have had less than expected; the international trading environment has deteriorated.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment