The company has a strategic cooperation agreement with Tonway, and each party has 30 per cent of each other's production capacity and has agreed to a maximum of 30 per cent of each other's production capacity.
The company, as a monocrystal leader, has a strong cost advantage and actively expands and takes up market shares; Strategic cooperation agreements have been signed, and 30 per cent of the multi-crystal silicon and single-crystal silicon production capacity has been invested in each other with the Tonway shares: The company has issued an announcement, signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Tonway AG, entered into a contractual corporate strategy.
At the same time, the stock-in-stock company Ningxia Silvergawa, the 15gw single crystal silicon silicon project, held 30% of the equity share. By 2020-2022, mutual purchases were no less than 2.5 times the equity capacity: according to the agreement, the company agreed that
Between 2020 and 2022, a large amount of more than 50,000 tons of silicon capacity per year was purchased from Tonway shares, 2.5 times the company ' s equity capacity of 15,000 tons, i.e. 375,000 tons, while the Tonway shares purchased not less than 15gw single silicon tablets per year from the company ' s Silica capacity.
4.5gw 2.5 times, i.e. 11.25gw. The tap complementarities, helps digest new silicon production capacity and ensures supply of silicon: the company, as a single silicone tap, has concluded a strategic cooperation agreement which, on the one hand, facilitates the stabilization of high-purity silicon raw materials.
This collaboration is a reflection of the professional division of labour and complementarities between the two leading firms in different segments of the industrial chain. The expansion of their own productive capacity has continued to accelerate, consolidating the global flagship: companies owned a list by the end of 2018.
The crystal silicon production capacity is 28gw and the single crystal component production capacity is 8.8gw. According to the company’s production capacity plan, silicon production capacity is expected to reach 36, 50, 65gw by the end of 2019-2021, respectively; the cellular production capacity is expected to reach single crystal integration.
" Lungi shares: significant growth in production and sales, upswing in production and capacity planning " ; policy risks; industry demand is below expectations; decline is below expectations; and capacity digestion is below expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Lee Kollen