Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation studies awhollyowned subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank
We recently met with Lungi's management to discuss the outlook for the growth of companies and the photovoltaic industry in 2019-20. We are optimistic about Lungi's positive expansion strategy, mainly considering: 1) overseas markets for single crystals.
The demand for perc products has increased steadily; (2) the current mix of corporate monocrystal crystals and gold-crystal cutting technologies is in the lead in terms of cost; and (3) the recovery in Chinese market demand has a significant chance to boost the average sales price of single-crystal perc products in the second half of 2019.
Xiaochuan is the world’s largest single crystal manufacturer. Lungi focuses on producing single crystal silicon, batteries, and efficient modules, with more than 19 years of experience in monocrystal products. Companies are the world’s largest single crystal supplier.
Management considers monocrystal perc products to be the best high-impact photovoltaic technology products with a higher potential for PV conversion in the Internet-friendly age. The single crystal perc battery product produced by the scale of Lungi was more than 22% by the first quarter of 2019, leading the China Photovoltaic Co-operative.
Lungi is a photo-voltaic manufacturer who is the first to achieve a technological breakthrough, full-scale import of gold, single-crystal silicone cutter. In combination with the company’s unique monocrystal long-crystal technology, and the nationalization of key equipment, Lungi has successfully achieved the cost of producing single-crysilica.
Leads. Since 2017, a trend has been gradually established to replace monocrystal silicon demand for multi-crystal products, with the introduction of high-efficiency monocrystal products to meet market demand for high-efficiency products. The company now has 23.5% Maori in the first quarter of 2019, and management expects to benefit from a fall in the price of polycrystal silicon in the second quarter of 2019.
Since China’s short-term market policy remains somewhat uncertain before price parity, Lungi has focused its major sales of photovoltaic component products on overseas markets. Management expects global light in 2019.
In order to capture future growth winds, Lungki plans to expand monocrystal silicon production to 65 gigawatts by the end of 2021, corresponding to 2018-21 capacity.
The compound annual growth rate was 32.4 per cent, with the potential for rapid expansion, and we believe that the company still has the capacity to move up on profit performance and valuation.