A new gasification platform will be operational and will continue to perform well: company announcement of 11 October, traditional industry upgrading and cleaner production integration
Using the project’s recent pilot vehicle, it has been successful in opening the entire process and entering the pilot production phase. The project has invested 2.83 billion yuan, producing 1,368 million synthesizing gas annually. The scale of production capacity has increased significantly, benefiting significantly from the industry’s high profile.
The company will benefit fully in the larger context of the convergence of production cycles and supply side reforms in the chemical industry. Since July, the supply and demand patterns of methanol have changed, prices have improved, and devices such as gas-based methanol, such as burning stoves in Shanxi, have been downloaded, and are more productive than the new production capacity of the company.
Prices of major products have risen steadily since the middle of the year, driving up performance. In July-September, the average price of the main products of the Division rose by 7% for acetic acid, methanol and adipic acid, respectively. Total equity/flow (million shares)
6%, 1%, urea also benefits from the onset of the winter season, and recent prices have continued to rise slightly, from the main total market value/flow (million yuan) to a significant increase in the net ring ratio in the third quarter of the year.
Acid and urea have continued with current prices increasing by 24 per cent, 23 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, over the third quarter average.
The advantages of advanced gasification platforms are highlighted. New projects will be launched. Companies rely on advanced gas gas platforms, and the cost advantages are highlighted.
It should be 17-fold, 13-fold, 11-fold, respectively. The company’s new gasification platform has significantly increased its ability to produce movable property, and its cost advantages have been further enhanced, its performance has continued to grow and its performance has been maintained for the company.
The new gas platform will be operational and will continue to perform well. \mathbf{p}3 The new gas platform will be operational and will continue to perform well.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.