The product price rises, the production of ammonia is expected to pull up q4 again, the Wallau Heungl, the Wallau Heungl.
Prices of the main products have been rising, slightly higher than expected. This year, under a hot, environmentally-friendly, high-pressure production, the chemical price center has risen, the financial and intellectual boom in the East has risen, company-owned products have risen, except for the fall in the price ring for organamine, fertilizer, organamine, adipic acid and intermediates, acetic acid and derivatives, and so on.
The average price of methanol has also increased, with the company becoming self-sufficient with the production of 1 million tons of additional ammonia, and the cost of rising downstream prices having passed. Overall, the single q3 business cost ring ratio +8.66% is lower than the rate of increase in the ring ratio, indicating a smooth price transfer, and the company’s cost continues to rise in three quarters of the country’s environmental pressure.
\triangleright is running under high pressure, particularly during the third quarter, due to the pressure caused by the fourth wave of environmental inspections, safe production inspections, etc., the load of the regional chemical plants represented by Shandong is clearly limited. In-depth analysis of the company ' s operating data for the first quarter of the year, the company ' s single q3 main company produced 807,000 tons of products, the ring ratio + 4.48%, and the sales volume
76.53 million tons, ring ratio + 6.83%, and the volume of production did not fall back. Instead of being affected by the high pressure of the ring, the company started to increase production during the price of the product. The main reasons were the continuous technological changes that had taken place since the company was listed, the increase in environmental infrastructure inputs, such as gas de-nitrification of coal boilers and gas-fired furnaces, humid devulcanization, sulphur recovery and dust removal to achieve super-net emissions, as well as the conversion of methanol to air-recycling and plant-wide ammonia recovery processes.
The company will continue to benefit from the window at a time when environmental pressures will continue to be reduced, and small producers will be able to exit and increase their environmental support, access to parks, and so on. Prices of products will rise again in the fourth quarter, and q4 of the company’s main business q4 is expected to rise again, with urine in it.
\triangleright, dmf, adipic acid, cyclohexone, acetic acid and acetic anhydride increased by 9.6 per cent, 25.4 per cent, 12.2 per cent, 24.6 per cent, 28.2 per cent and 38.2 per cent, respectively, compared to the average of q3 in October, while raw material power and tobacco prices increased by -0.85 per cent and 1.05 per cent, respectively; in urea, India began to do so in September.
Since the third bid, a new round of tenders was announced on 25 October, with a bid date of 31 October and a cut on 7 November, urea prices are expected to continue to rise, driven by the need to warm abroad + domestic low reserve + outboard price support + costs. Companies can adapt to market changes for inter-product, inter-system, inter-campus co-production, flexible adjustment of different product loads, high aggregate use of raw materials, significant synergies, low product prices, and depressed times.
The negative impact of the sharp fall in single-product prices and the promotion of maximization of profitability at the time of price increases, such as the most significant increases in the price of hydrazine and polyols in three quarters alone (+3.38%, +95.2%) and the corresponding rise in corporate production (+3.39%, +16.23%). 1 million tonnes of ammonia devices were put into operation, with optimism about the functioning of fertilizers and the pace of production of ethanol.
The industrial upgrading and cleaner production integrated use project has successfully tested the co+h2 production unit, which produces 1,367.8 million nm3 per year. The project uses advanced water syrup gasification techniques to replace traditional ugi fixed beds, further reduces the consumption of raw coal and utilities, provides high-quality synthesizing gas, effectively reduces the cost of follow-up products and further improves the profitability of companies.
60% of the synthetic gas produced by the device is used as raw gas for the 500,000 tonnes ethanol project, which will provide the basis for the fertilizer functionalization project and the successful commissioning of the ethanol device next year, and will be optimistic about the pace of production. Assuming that the prices of the company’s main products and raw materials are maintained in November/December, the volume of production is maintained, and the impact of the commissioning of the 1 million tonnes of ammonia device is not considered for the time being.
The firm's single q4 net profit is expected to exceed its expectations of $50-55 million; while the successful commissioning of the ammonia device will provide a good basis for the fertilizer function and the ethanol project, it will be optimistic about the pace of production, while single q4 new ammonia will be expected to increase the net profit by 0.5-100 million. We will raise the profit forecast for the future.
The prices of products have fallen sharply; the start of work, production and sales have been subject to force majeure fluctuations; new projects have come into operation at a slower pace than expected.
Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
China Petroleum University (Beijing) has a Master ' s degree in chemistry, held in Beijing from 2010 to 2015 at the China Institute of petrochemical lubricating Oil, held in 2015 at the Min Seong Securities, and joined the East Hing Securities in 2016.
Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space + Bachelor of Laws, cfa.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Industrial Catalyzing and Response Engineering, 2 years of experience in chemical engineering, B.A. in Materials Chemistry, University of Beijing, University of Florida, United States of America, worked in Exxonmobil, 2015-2017.
Ro 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, Ohio State University, United States of America, 3 years of experience in chemical engineering, joined East Hing Securities Analyst's own research opinion in July 2017. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.