The supply of urea and acetic acid has come closer, and the company has benefited from the long-term benefits - the Jualu Heungl (600426) evaluation reports that prices for urea and acetic acid have been rising steadily in the country in the recent past, and that the current spot price for urea in the eastern urea region has gone up by $2,000 per ton.
The price of acetic acid on the spot in the East Asian region was over $4,400 per ton, up from recent highs.The price of acetic acid was re-innovated and supply and demand patterns continued to improve \triangleright
The main prices in the Jiangsu region have now risen to $4,400-4,600 per ton, up from three years ago, and the company’s perimeter has been raised to $4,700 per ton. Jiangsu Sopo, Henan Long Woo, stop and stop, gradually increasing its load. The industry’s rate of start-up has risen to 72-75%. According to our statistics, only Tianjin’s plant was expanded in the country in 2018-2019.
100,000 tonnes/yearly capacity, expected to come into production in the third quarter of next year, and with the recent resumption of the domestic pta installation, the additional capacity of the pta will require 26 to 300,000 tonnes of acetic acid in the next year, while the apparent consumption of acetic acid is expected to continue to increase by 5 per cent, at around 300,000 tonnes, while the domestic export of acetic acid in January-October of this year will be 34.14 million tonnes, compared to the same amount.
Head methanol production limits, raw materials methanol prices will continue to be high, acetic acid costs will be strong, and the unit is expected to show an upward trend of 300 acetic acids next year.
With 500,000 tons of acetic acid, Methanol will become fully self-sufficient, taking into account the company’s contribution of 1 million tons of new ammonia platforms in the fourth quarter, and the company’s level of acetic acid will increase significantly. urea supplies are approaching, with a capacity gap in next spring’s cultivation.
After entering the heating season, domestic urea prices rose significantly as a result of the limited production of gas head urea devices, and now urea prices in Shandong have exceeded 2,000 yuan per ton, the latest domestic urea work has fallen to 44 per cent, national daily production has fallen from 140,000 tons in the previous period to around 110,000 tons, air head work has dropped to 23-24 per cent, and the current domestic limit is now in place.
Tens of tons, taking into account the decline in export end and domestic demand, a urea gap of 1 million tons of ammonia platform delivery is projected for next spring, up to 2.5 million tons of urea production capacity, production costs are further reduced, profitability is being realized. The coal ethanol project is an important growth point in the company's future performance.
The company’s 50,000-ton ethanol project is currently operating well, and the product quality has reached the polyester level, and based on the company’s advanced synthetic gas process, the company’s ethanol project will have a cost-competitive advantage in the domestic market. In addition, the company’s 500,000-ton coal ethanol project, which invests $2.6 billion, is expected to come into production in the first half of 2018.
We look forward to the project’s development, which, at current market prices, would generate a new business income of about $2.9 billion to $3 billion per year after the launch of the new project, contributing a pre-tax profit of $600.7 billion. Given the huge amount of ethanol needed in our polyester industry, about 60% of it still needs to be imported, we look forward to the future development of coal-based ethanol in the country.
The ethanol project is not as productive as expected; there is a risk that the prices of the company’s products will fall significantly.
First author, Director of Industry, published two papers in the international prestigious Sci journal and joined the Chemical Team of the Institute of Civil Securities in April 2017; B.A. in high molecular materials science and engineering, Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering; Master of Materials Science and Engineering; General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lear, France; Gull Falling Cycle; 16 Years Recovery, especially pvc, titanium powder. For chlor-alkali, pure alkaline, rubber, titanium powder, elliptical polyesters, new materials, composites, fertilization.
The UDPS has been highly researched and has successfully recommended Qi Shangtengda, Jacques Technology, Daozhou Ming Ju, Zao Lisshu, Two Arrows, Norpshin, Singley Union, Cao Lilly, Nakayama University, Bachelor of Science in Applied Chemistry, Duke University, Master of Engineering Management, September 2017 Joined the Civic and Securitization Chemical Team. Authors have either a qualification in securities investment consulting or a considerable professional competence from the China Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from the Compliance Committee.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,