During the first three quarters of the year, the company increased its performance by 31.51 per cent, of which the third quarter of the year was the third quarter of the year, when the company achieved growth in operating income of $7,233 million, compared with 31.24 per cent in the previous three quarters, and net return to the mother was $848 million, compared with 31.51 per cent in the third quarter.
Business income of 2,518 million yuan, an increase of 54.42 per cent over the same period, ring growth of 11.66 per cent, and the impact of numerous factors, such as a tightening of the net profit from maternity, as well as higher prices for the company’s main products, nitrogen urea, and chemical products, such as dmf, adipic acid, which led to a significant increase in the company’s performance in the first three quarters of 2017.
High-level operations, coupled with a pilot production phase of 1 million tons of ammonia, are expected to remain high in the fourth quarter of the year, influenced by the faster growth rate during the same period last year, which slowed down in the fourth quarter of the year over three quarters, but 17 years of performance is expected to grow significantly, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The boom in prices for corporate products was the main reason for the significant growth in performance: the industry began in the second half of 2016, and the effects of the drive to produce and store were evident, as well as the effects of environmental policies, supply-side reforms and the rise in the prices of urea and chemical products.
The price was $6011 per ton, an increase of 44.7 per cent over the same period, and the average price for the first three quarters of the market was $1613 per ton for small particulate urea, an increase of 25.9 per cent over the same period.
The period was characterized by relatively low market performance, with a low base of 18 days for partial parking repairs by the company. 1 million tons of acrylic platform test vehicles were successful and will accelerate year-round performance growth: the company issued an announcement on 11 October, and the traditional industry upgrading and cleaner production integrated use project has been successfully tested and completed in recent days.
The project has invested a total of 2,831 million yuan in conventional synthetic ammonia equipment and built an annual production of 1,368 million cubic metres of synthetic gas using new clean technologies, i.e. 1 million tons of ammonol production platforms, increasing the company's ammonia production capacity to 3.2 million tons/year. The project can be downstream.
In addition to producing raw materials, Methanol is produced directly before the arrival of the new urea and ethanol projects. The current price of methanol on the Jiangsu market is RMB 2770/tonne, an increase of 23.94 per cent over the same period, and the stock of domestic methanol producers is low, production reductions are expected at a later stage, and Methanol is expected to be profitable in four quarters.
The 500,000 tonnes ethanol project will be a new growth point for future performance: in addition to the 1 million tonnes/year ammonia project, there are projects such as the 500,000 tonnes/year coal ethanol project and the fertilizer function project.
Fertilizers, elimination of traditional 300,000 tons of urea equipment, scheduled to continue production for almost two years. The most visible of these is the 500,000 tonnes/year coal ethanol project, with domestic consumption of about 12.5 million tons of ethanol in 2016, domestic production of less than 8 million tons of ethanol and dependence on ethanol imports.
The report was prepared by Chinaresearcheddept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.