The three-quarterly review of Walluheung's three-quarter review: the new capital product prices opened up the future 29 October 2017, the company released its third-quarter report for 2017, with a net profit of 848 million in the previous three quarters attributable to the parent company owner.
Net profits amounted to $302 million, an increase of 95.45 per cent over the same period the previous year; operating income amounted to $2,518 million, a steady increase in company performance compared to the previous year ' s reporting period, which benefited mainly from higher volume prices over the same period in the previous year ' s lead-sourced products, of which nitrogen fertilizer was sold at 1.15 million tons and generated 1,466 million, with industry openings driven by costs during the reporting period.
The price of urea has risen over the same period, as a result of factors such as work rates and environmental protection. In addition, the company achieved 2,697 tons of organamine, earning 1,392 million, the sale of adipic acid and intermediates, 1596 million tons, and the impact of factors such as tight incomes, installation repairs, etc., has been tightly balanced, with product prices increasing more than during the same period.
The company ' s Māori rate (19.95%) increased by 2.2 percentage points in the third quarter of the year, mainly in the second half of the year, when prices for the company ' s main products, acetic acid, methanol, adipic acid, etc., were rising, and urea also increased slightly as a result of the arrival of the season.
The company recently announced that its traditional industrial upgrading and cleaner production integrated utilization project had been successful in conducting a recent test of a full-line process into a trial production phase.
The company has 2.2 million tons of ammonia at present, and the new gasification platform reaches the postpartum company.
Production capacity is 3.2 million tons, which will effectively reduce the cost of follow-up products and further enhance the company’s profitability and combined competitiveness.
Technology, and technology and industrial platforms for sustainable development, have significant cost-control advantages. In the future, as open-source equity companies start to produce more new projects, the firm’s core competitive advantage will be further strengthened and its future development seen.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.