Tungwee shares (600438.sh): Silicon Conduce Head, 31 July 2025.
Tonway shares, feed business starts, silicon + battery blades are the two leading fields. Tonway shares were established in 1995 with Tonway Holdings Ltd., controlled by the Tonway Group, and owned by farmers.
New energy sources and agriculture have dominated the development of a large-scale private-tech model of resource integration, co-development and dual-energy industries. As of December 2024, companies had an annual feed production capacity of over 10 million tons and high purity.
Listed companies. After many years of cross-cutting development, Tung Wai shares more than 900,000 tons of crystal-silicon annual production capacity, more than 150 gw solar cell capacity, more than 90 gw component capacity.
The lead water feed producers, important animal feed companies, and the policy is so intensely counter-productive that the late-capacity phase-out is expected to accelerate. From March’s report on the government’s work, the management of the production companies, the global high-purity crystalline silicon dragons, and the global Tai.
By June, when the new version of the Anti-Drug Competition Act was amended, and July, when the Central Finance and Economic Commission (CFC) first introduced a uniform measure of government behaviour, the high-frequency policy of this year raised the anti-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-in-house issues showed the Government's commitment to tackling the problem, and since July, the anti-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intra-intrad policy drive.
The price of silicon, silicon, and silicon silicon, increases by a full-cost price increase in the industrial chain. In the future, it is expected that the supply side reforms in the photovoltaic sector will accelerate, driven from the top down.
Companies continue to optimize production lines and production processes, larger production scales, and leading production processes, providing lower production costs. In 2024, the company ' s combined electricity consumption, silicon consumption, was recently reduced to 46 degrees and 1.04 kg, respectively. The cost of investment in 1 million tons has been reduced to around $500 million.
The total equity/flowa share (in millions) sales volume of 87.68gw (including self-use) increased by 8.70 per cent over the same period, and according to infolinkconsulting data, the company has been at the top of the global battery manifest for eight consecutive years, with the global battery market accounting for about 14 per cent in 2024.
The company has produced more than 900,000 tons of high-purity silicon production, 150gw solar cell production, and 90gw components, leading the world in terms of cost, quality, and efficiency.
In 2022, company components were sold at 45.71gw in 2024, an increase of 46.93% over the previous year, and the delivery was ranked fifth in the world. The company's downstream configuration was integrated, facilitating synergy in the development of new battery technologies, and the company accumulated sufficient cash flows during the previous silicon upswing cycle to provide a full range of technology.
At present, the company’s technology routes, such as Topcon, hjt, xbc, and thorium batteries, are fully covered. The company’s technology leadership is further consolidated: the Hjt battery conversion efficiency is 26.87%, the Hjt 210-66 assembly power has broken the world record nine times in a row, and the component’s maximum output is high.
The R & D efficiency of type n tbc batteries is 26.87% and the R & D efficiency of the pits/crysilica silicon layer is 34.17%, all of which are industry leaders. The company’s research direction fully covers the future of critical photovoltaic technologies, such as tnc, thc, tbc batteries and their components, and silicon/silicon silicon layers of solar cells.
/Components, copper interconnection metalization technology, etc., to provide technical security and traction for the future development of the company.
Tungwee shares (600438.sh): Silicon Console is secure, waiting to be countered for the supply side of the inner volume to be optimized.
Tungwig shares (600438.sh): Silicon Console is firmly in place, waiting to be turned over to optimize the supply side of the inner volume 1. Feed business starts, silicon + battery business leads in two fields, silicon + battery business leads in two areas.
By December 2024, the company had more than 200 credits, sub-directorate, and nearly 60,000 employees, with annual feed production of more than 10 million tons, annual production of more than 900 million tons in high-purity crystal silicon and 150gw in solar cells.
The components produce more than 90gw; 56 photovoltaic power stations, dominated by “light-for-fishing” plants, have been developed in various provinces and cities across the country, with a cumulative grid size of 4.67gw. After years of cross-cutting development, companies have become the leading agricultural industrial national leader, the world’s leading water feed producer, the major livestock feed producer, the global high-purity silicon dragon and the global solar battery leader.
The founder of the division, Liu Han Won, and Mr. and Mrs. Yame, have achieved control over the company through Tonway Group Limited, with none of the remaining shareholders holding more than 5% of the shares. Ms. Liu Shuqi, the chairman of the company, is the father and daughter of Liu Han Won, and a stable governance structure provides a solid basis for strategic corporate decision-making.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom, the imbalance in supply and demand in the light-voltage sector, and the firm’s pressure on its performance. In 2024, the company collected $91.99 billion, or 33.9 per cent, in 2024; in 2025q1, $15.93 billion, and the imbalance in the light-voltage phase of supply and demand resulted in a “volume increase” in the product.
By contrast, the company’s operations were two major slabs of photovoltaic and feed, accounting for 65% of revenue in 2024, and the company’s largest revenue-earning business, but their share declined. The company’s photovoltaic-related operations consisted mainly of solar cells, assemblies, high-purity crystal silicon, and light voltage, due to increases at the supply end.
Longer-term growth has led to increased market competition, with revenue of 59.790 billion yuan in 2024, a 42 per cent decrease in the same year. Forage operations accounted for 34.5 per cent of the revenue generated and higher consumption rates in 2024, mainly as a result of the expansion of corporate sales and increased interest payments on borrowings.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the east, figure 8: Company feed operations, unit of recovery and acceleration: billions of yuan, figure 7: Company photovoltaic-related products, unit of increase: hundreds of millions of yuan
Figure 9: Corporate Mäori Rates and Net Interest Rates (NPEs)
Photovoltage machines enter a steady growth period, with excess production of the various links occurring. On the demand side, facilitated by photovoltaic flat prices and double carbon targets, global photovoltaic capacity has increased in the last few years, and the penetration rate of photovoltaic power has increased rapidly, while, with the concentration of a large number of high-quality regional photovoltaic projects, the amount of high-quality resources that can be developed has gradually decreased, while the power grid has grown and the pressure on the grid has increased, and the rate of discharge has risen in some areas.
The multiple effects will slow the growth of new installed machines in the industry, and the photovoltaic sector will enter a new period of steady growth, with a sharp expansion in the capacity of the industry in 2025, which, according to the cpia, has driven all segments of the industry to a total excess capacity since the end of the 23rd year. The supply-demand imbalance stimulates firms in the industry to match cash costs, and the prices of the industrial chain are fast breaking down the cost base, with multi-crysilica, silicon, electricity all year 2024.
In a context of 39%, 43%, 24%, 28% lower than at the beginning of the year, even the industry’s leading companies are in a state of loss. The current process of clean-up is continuing, and improvements on the supply side of the industry are imminent.
Figure 11: Global Prediction of Adding Photovolts (gw) Figure 12: Our Prediction of Adding Photovolts (gw) has a strong policy backlash, and the elimination of backward production is expected to accelerate.
The Immoral Competition Act was amended, and in July the Central Finance Committee began to propose a uniform measure of government behaviour, with a policy dimension that would point directly to industrial pains. In particular, the current problem of the photovoltaic industry is particularly acute, with excess production and demand mismatches and product homogenization competition leading to low-price competitions and a sharp setback in the price of the industrial chain. On 3 July, the fifteenth manufacturing business meeting was hosted by the secretary of the party group of the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, Minister Lee Loong-sung.
At the 25th of July, during the semi-annual meeting of the PV industry, emphasis was again placed on the need to move from competition to competition and to strengthen industry self-regulation. In our view, the high frequency of policies since this year has raised the backlash to strategic heights, demonstrating the Government’s commitment to tackling the anti-intra-brief problem, and since July, the anti-intra-intra-bill policy has pushed the industry chain reference.
The cost increases the price of silicon and silicon silicon. The supply side reforms in the photovoltaic sector are expected to accelerate in the future as they are driven from the top down. Figure 14: Changes in the price of silicone (mega/map) Figure 13: Changes in the price of multiple crystals silicon (mode/kg)
Figure 15: Changes in cellular prices ($/w) Figure 16: Changes in component prices ($/w) Sources of financial prosperity in the East
Silicon production costs are high, top-down head companies tend to agree on a reduction of production, and support the end of production can be achieved. Silicon production capacity is more complex than other components, production processes are complicated, shutdown costs are high, recommencers are required to go through a series of operations such as high temperature cooling, gas replacement, etc. If production stops for a long time, maintenance measures such as blow-out, nitrogen protection, etc. will be needed to increase costs.
Silicon production amounted to 1,843,000 tons, multi-crystal silicon total capacity of approximately 28,68,000 tons, condensed technology, convalescence shares, large-scale energy, new and extraordinary energy sources, which together account for the bulk of the market share.
In addition, according to cpia ' s December 2024 Prices for the Main Photovoltage Chain Links, the cash in the silicon chain was reduced by 3 to g, up to yuan/kg, q1 to $37/kg for 25 years of total energy, q1 to $38/kg for 25 years of new SWE, taking into account that the cost in the unlisted three-line enterprises should be higher, and the difference in the cash costs between the silicon chain and the enterprises is evident.
Battery technology continues to evolve, driving the supply of and demand for battery fragments. The current battery is taking on the burden of photovoltaic technological advances, new technologies are emerging, and technological routes need to be constantly technologically varied to maintain their production line competitiveness.
Headlines are also accelerating totcon battery technology, with positive laser-guided sinters, back-selection of the polly thinners, etc., promoting battery cellular effects, and this year ' s continuous import of ieco optimisation, semi-passiveness, obb, etc., requiring a sustained increase in fixed capital investment in the battery chain. We believe that headlines continue to upgrade the line of capital input and promote battery efficiency, but second-line manufacturers are currently generating electricity.
Under the condition of the loss of the pool, there is limited willingness to continue investing in fixed assets, forcing the battery link to fall behind in production, keeping in view the future pattern of supply and demand of the battery chain.
3. In terms of silicon, high-purity crystalline silicon sales in 2024 were 46.76 million tons, an increase of 20.76 per cent compared to the previous year, about 30 per cent of the country ' s total annual production, with the city being the world ' s largest. Companies are constantly optimizing production lines and production processes, larger production scale, and leading industry.
In 2024, the company ' s combined electricity consumption, silicon consumption, was recently reduced to 46 degrees and 1.04 kg, respectively. The cost of investment in tons alone, which has been reduced to around $500 million, was reduced to 87.68gw (including self-use) sales of solar batteries throughout the year, an increase of 8.70 per cent over the same year. According to data from infolinkconsulting, the company has been at the top of the list of global battery sales for eight consecutive years, with the global market for batteries accounting for about 14 per cent in 2024.
The company’s sales of silicon and battery tablets are the largest in the world. The company has produced more than 900,000 tons of high-purity silicon, more than 150gw solar cell capacity, and 90gw components, leading the world in terms of cost, quality, and efficiency.
Annual component sales grew rapidly, reaching 45.71gw in 2024, an increase of 46.93% in the same year, and the volume of shipments is already at the top five in the world. Downstream integration in the wiring is conducive to synergy in the development of new battery technologies, and companies have accumulated sufficient cash flows during the previous silicon upswing cycle, providing solid support for the overall layout of technologies.
The company ' s TOPcon technological leadership has been further consolidated; the HJt battery conversion efficiency has reached 26.49 per cent, the Hjt 210-66 module power line has broken the world record nine times, and the component ' s maximum output power has reached 790.8 W; the company has also made positive progress in the development of new battery technologies such as bc, thorium ore/silicon stacking, with an N-tbc battery efficiency of 26.87 per cent, and the development efficiency of the thorium ore/silicon stack batteries has reached 34.17 per cent, all of which are located.
At the same time, according to the company’s public, on June 6, 24, the first cell of the Global Innovation Research and Development Center was successfully delineated, with the technology from the pilot technology in the Giva-copper interconnection to the test line in the heterogeneous knots. The company’s research direction comprehensively covers key technologies for future photovoltaics, such as tnc, thc, tbc batteries and components, silicon/silicon-coated solar cells/assemblies, copper interconnection metalization technology, etc., to provide technical security and leverage for the company’s future development.
Profit forecasting and valuation analysis Summary of the projections of the East's financial and intellectual boom, as shown in table 1. We believe that Tung Wei shares as a photovoltile locomotive firm, based on the cost of the photovoltaic silicon, the battery silicon chain,
At the same time, as future counter-bribled policies come to an end, the inefficient production of silicon and battery links is expected to accelerate, and corporate profits are expected to restore space. For the first time, coverage is given, with companies being “recommended” to ratings.
Anti-introduction policies fall short of expectations; overseas policy changes are at risk; peer competition is increasing; and the price of the industrial chain is highly volatile.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, Ho Ha Qing, Wu Xingyang.
The research assistant has a brief description of Cao Zewoo.
The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report (600438.sh): Silicon taps are secure and waiting to be optimized on the side of insider supply.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.