Autonomous brands offer the potential for profit growth, industry opportunities, corporate power - upwinding groups (6001044). In 2015, based on joint brands, they are a decade of rapid growth; in our view,
The growth potential of the upper-mortality group in 2016 and the next 10 years lies in autonomous brand vehicles, and we believe that the expansion of the share of autonomous brands not only increases in volume but also changes the net profit margin qualitatively.
The rate has risen further. The upper-bond group has increased its Māori rate for the third year in a row, starting in June 2015, and we believe that the increase in Māori is due in part to the higher level of Māori in auto-owned vehicles than in sales.
To upgrades. 2. Qualitatively change the net profit rate. Even taking into account the investment returns of the joint venture, the net interest rate for each autonomous brand vehicle sold by the upper gas group is still high, thus increasing the net interest rate as the autonomouss grow stronger.
Top-down analysis: industry opportunities are based on absolute growth, leading to a space for autonomous brand growth. By looking back at the history of industry growth, we have observed a slowdown in sales to 8% and below; by comparing mature markets with growth rates, a reasonable assumption was made that China would be able to produce 2033.
On the other hand, there is an opportunity to expand the market share for such an absolute increase. Bottom-up analysis: auto-owned brand sales are growing rapidly, and there are a lot of products to compete for.
In the last two years, the upper-mortality group’s autonomous branding has grown rapidly, with market recognition, and brands under the banner playing a fair and dominant pattern. Not as expected; the rise in raw materials has led to a decline in the Māori rate of the entire vehicle.
According to the Schenwan Industry Classification, the upper-gas group belongs to the “car-car-car-car-car” industry, which is absolute in terms of operating income, net profits, market value data.
In 2017, the upper-mortality group generated $8,706.39 million in operating income. The upper-mortality group received 93.65 per cent of the total revenue from the “car-wide” and “parts-and-parts” lines.
The upper-mortality group is owned by the Shanghai Auto-Industries Corporation (SIG), which effectively controls the Shanghai City State Finance Committee.
The product of the entire upper-car business can be divided into joint and autonomous brands, which include the upper-air public, the upper-air commons, the upper-air utility of Mitsubishi, the red rock, the Ivico, the Schenwow, and so on, and which include the title, the title, the Chase, the leap, the Mitsubishi, and the Bo.
In 2017, the upper gas company achieved $6,568.8 billion in total vehicle revenue, an increase of 16.40 per cent in the same year, and the Maori rate of 11.82 per cent, an increase of 0.87 percentage points in the same year.
The upper-air Mitsubishi business income is $10.510 billion. The upper-air automobiles business is supported by a subsidiary, such as a Chinese car (600741), and a stake in fuelwood (600841), which is one of the leading cars in the auto parts industry, accounting for $14.487 billion in 2017.
The upper-mortality group has established a series of products and services that include logistics, marketing, financial services, technology development, etc. The whole industry chain layout not only enables the upper-mortality group to fully enjoy the profits of the automobile industry, but also to do so.
And to make profitability more stable and stable through upstream and downstream synergies. 1.2 Ten years of history, autonomous brand development over the next 10 years.
In November 1997, Shanghai Cars were launched on the market, with the capital being the Shanghai Motor Wheeling Company, which produced the Santana Express, with an operating income of $1,774 million in 1997. In December 2006, Shanghai Cars issued shares to upper-air shares for the purchase of assets.
Thirty% of the stockholdings in China, 50.098% in the upper car, 50% in the Shanghai public, 60% in the upper car, 50% in the Schenwow passenger car, 48.97% in the double dragon car, etc. The acquisition injected high-quality whole-car manufacturing assets, laying the groundwork for the upper-car complex to become a car maker.
In November 2011, Shanghai automobiles acquired limited assets in the gas industry and industry. The acquisition was mainly for three purposes: 1. Injecting auto parts and components, including Chinese cars, to take full advantage of synergies; 2. Injecting new sources of car-related operations to further develop and grow using the listed company platform; 3. Injecting auto trading and service companies.
The impact of the 2011 acquisitions has been reflected in recent years, such as the continued growth of the Chinese automobile harvest and the emergence of the upper car fleet, which by the end of 2017 had a total of 46 companies on the top five sections of the upper car complex.
From 1997 to 2005, it was a decade of capital-plus technology reserves for upper-carbon groups; from 2006 to 2015, it was a decade of rapid growth for upper-mortality groups; and we believe that the growth potential of upper-mortality groups exists in autonomous brand vehicles in 2016 and the next decade.
1.3 We believe that the increase in the share of autonomous brands has not only increased in volume, but also changed in qualitative terms, and that, by contrast, we have found that there has been an increase in the Māori rate of upper and wider steam over the last three years, while other cars have shown a downward trend.
This is easy to understand, after all, that each joint venture has to be sold for a share of the profits to the joint venture partner, and that some of the joint ventures are sold through the return on the investment. Now, the auto company owns the car mg.
As the share of sales goes up to 50%, it will be more than 16%, meaning that the profits of the upper group will increase by 80%, even if the operating income remains constant. The share of profits in the joint venture brand is reflected in the return on investment, and the net profit margin for the autonomous vehicle will remain the same after taking this into account.
Higher. The increase in the share of autonomous brands not only increases in volume, but also alters the net profit rate qualitatively. 2. Top-down analysis: industry opportunities, with absolute increases, have brought the growth of autonomous brands to 2.1 vehicle sales into a new normal pattern of growth, with an 8 per cent increase in speed.
In terms of growth, the automobile industry has experienced a process of rapid growth - an outbreak of growth - a new normal growth. In 2001, 2.36 million cars were sold. From April 2002 to May 2004, car sales entered the first round of two years of high growth, with an average growth rate of 37.91 per cent over the same period, a period of 25 per cent being used to determine whether they were high.
In the second half of 2008 and in the first quarter of 2009, the automobile industry experienced its second acceleration, the first relative to the first one. After nine months of repression, there was an outbreak between April 2009 and December 2010, and the year 2011 could be seen as a digestion of the earlier eruption. After 2012, the automobile industry entered a “new normal”:
Monthly sales amounted to 2.93 million vehicles. Figure 10 Monthly vehicle sales in January-2018 compared to the acceleration point 2.2 analysis of future sales and acceleration: a double increase, with opportunities for auto ownership still in place
In 2016, the U.S. had a population of 323.1 million, a vehicle holdings of 253 million, and a vehicle sales of 16.8 million, an increase of 0.11%.
(2) At the end of 2017, China ' s vehicle holdings were estimated at 217 million, and in September 2006-December 2017, the same amount sold was 217 million, with an estimated end-of-life of our vehicle of around 11.4 years, with an annual phase-out rate of 8.77 per cent.
The end-of-life age is calculated in a different way from that of the United States: the United States market is mature, stock changes are negligible and sales are similar to end-of-life vehicles; China ' s vehicle stock is not stable and sales are theoretically far greater than end-of-life and it is not appropriate to use stock/distribution or end-of-life to calculate end-of-life age.
Ten thousand vehicles (population 13.79* vehicle holding ratio of 783/1000* is converted to 10,000). Given China’s family-oriented cultural excellence and population density, car penetration is likely to be lower than in the United States, even if it is estimated to be 53.988 million vehicles, based on 50 per cent of the country’s population.
Assumption 1: If the 8 per cent annual growth in sales and the 8.77 per cent stock-out rate are assumed to be maintained in the future, it is known that China ' s future vehicle stock will be as follows:
The biggest problem with this hypothetical model is that, contrary to natural growth patterns, car companies, without strong government stimulus, predict a saturated output of 52,522 million vehicles, will not expand their capacity to 95 million vehicles, thus fixing an annual growth rate of 8 per cent.
Under this scenario, the future saturation of 579 million vehicles will reach 470 million in 2033 and will be reached in 2045, providing opportunities for the development of autonomous brand vehicles. 2.3 The rapid growth of new energy vehicles will facilitate the restructuring of the vehicle market and increase the share of autonomous brand markets.
Tens of thousands of vehicles, 59.6 per cent more than in the same year, have grown rapidly in the sale of new energy vehicles, which currently account for 2.68 per cent of total vehicle sales, and are projected to account for 0.7 per cent of vehicle holdings, 6.3 million by 2020, with new energy vehicles accounting for vehicle holdings, offering new opportunities for investment in the automotive sector, which are now expected to be protected in the coming years.
Source car development opportunities will facilitate the restructuring of the automobile market, which will help to reshape imported cars, joint brands, national brands 3. Bottom-up analysis: the strong competitiveness of the upper-mortality group ' s autonomous brand product is expected to bring strong profits, a stable share of the higher-mortality group ' s joint brand market and a sharp increase in the sales of its own brand.
From 20% in 2009 to the current up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up, Bec, Chevry-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up
These factors have affected the rapid rise in market occupancy rates, which once exceeded 15%, and the near-stable rate of up-scaling, up-scaling and general-market occupancy since 2016, which has remained at around 14%, with the share of up-scaling and other joint-venture brand markets accounting for about 0.5%.
The entire Shanghai Chase system comprises six categories: mpv, suv pickup, light passenger, RV, and new energy light passenger. As can be seen from the layout, Shanghai Chase is located between civilian and commercial uses, and vehicles can be used to satisfy daily traffic.
They're very competitive in their respective fields, and they're mvp, suv, and they're now producing cars, suv, traditional fuel cars, and new energy vehicles.
950 medium-sized cars are a follow-up to the auto group ' s first auto-owned brand of 750, which is more administratively oriented and commercial in style; Eon Wei 6, 360 are compact vehicles, and in general in the traditional fuel limo, the Eun Wei brand has performed well in the suv area. In the suv area, Eun Wei produces rx3, rx5, rx8,
In competition with the Harvard, Tehao, the Legendary, Theae, and the long Ancs series of product plates, they are in the forefront of the industry, with advantages such as the use of upper-mortality groups to build cars; and in competition with joint-venture branded cars, imported cars, they maintain a market position based on equal value for money.
Eunwei's new energy vehicle consists of two pure electric and three hybrid cars, located between $150,000 and $260,000. The two pure electric motors are erx5, erx5, erx5, erx5, erx6, e950, and we can tell by the way they are named, that Eunwei's new energy vehicle corresponds to the traditional car pattern, so that consumers can accept new products,
The first part of the acquisition of assets and technology by title mg, which has evolved from the United Kingdom, has become a national car representative and has established factories in India, Indonesia, Thailand, etc. The title and Yong Wai are similar, producing cars, suvs, and new energy vehicles.
Cars. Unlike Winwei, the number six, the number gt, and the number three of the number-one brands of the number-one car are very popular with the user, and the number-six mix-up of the number-six new energy cars is being introduced. In the area of suv, the number-gs, the number-zs, and the number-one, the number-one electric sports car will be launched by the number-one, e-motion, of the number-one band.
The upper gas group is also active in the new energy sector, with the additions and acquisitions in the new energy sector mentioned in 1.2, and the new energy vehicle model mentioned above. The table below shows the upper gas group's autonomous brand and the new energy source of 2017.
+Autonomous brands + new energy strategy layout, even without taking into account the advantages of rising consumption and increasing concentration, can, in aggregate, be a good car company with greater potential for development in the long run. We expect the public 1.
(b) The average price of cars remains the same;
China’s automobile market is growing at a slower rate than expected, and vehicle holdings are estimated to be overly optimistic. The rise in raw materials has led to a decline in the level of full-scale Māori.