China Stones (600176): excellent product structure China Stones: 19.797 billion yuan in operating income achieved by China Stones in 2021, an increase of 68.92 per cent in comparison with the previous year;
China’s Great Stone is the global leader in the bobble industry, and the company’s best cost is the parent company’s net profit of $6,029 million, an increase of 149.51 per cent over the previous year.
In 2021, the share of total company revenues and profits rose and production fell. In 2021, China’s revenues from the Great Stone were 19.707 billion yuan, an increase of 68.92 per cent over the same period, with a total profit of 7,303 million yuan.
However, China’s production of giant stones in 2021 amounted to 2351,000 tons, representing 37.68% of the country’s production, a decline of 0.93 percentage points compared to the previous year. The optimal product structure led to a new increase.
The main reason for this is that the product structure was optimized. In 2021, the bobble industry was at an all-time high, producing a full range of production lines in the bobble industry, and the country’s total production grew faster, leading to a decline in corporate output.
Production costs are lower than industry levels, reflecting the continued improvement in the product structure and cost advantages of the company. For example, the company’s combined product price in 2021 was $758.4 million per ton, an increase of 43.42 per cent over the same period, while the country’s three main pillars, Tarzan Ribbons, Chongqing International and China’s Stones, were directly alkaline 2400.
In 2021, the average price was 60,676.5 million yuan, an increase of 37.82% compared to the previous year, which is lower than China’s combined price and rate of increase. The higher share of high-end products produced by China’s giant stones has led to rapid growth in corporate income and profits, and optimized product structure has become a new space for company development.
Under China’s and global double carbon policy, new energy sources such as wind power are promising, and the lightly quantified development of new energy vehicles and vehicles has resulted in more circulationb/h units (millions of shares)
The demand for a large number of new products, electronics and energy conservation in buildings are also increasing, with the production of 60,000 tons of fibre-optic materials and 100,000 tons of electronic yarn lines in 2022 doubling the company ' s electronic yarn capacity, laying the basis for optimizing the product structure.
At the same time, the size of new production lines and the high level of intelligence, further reducing the combined costs, and consolidating corporate invisibility to protect the river. The optimal product structure, when low-cost advantages are consolidated, allows companies to absorb new demand from the beneficiary industries and bring new opportunities for their development and growth.
The top-down structure has led to new developments and the maintenance of a firm’s “strongly recommended” rating.
China's Great Stone (600176): Optimizing product structure brings new growth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
China Stone (600176).
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China Stone (600176): Optimization of product structure leads to new growth and does not guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.