The Chinese Stone (600176.sh) incident announced the annual performance forecast for 2021, which is expected to return to China in 2021.
In 2021, the market demand for fibres was strong, and the stock of fibreglass businesses was historically low. The domestic market benefited from the new appliance, Jayamong.
The expansion of the area and the better demand for the market. Double carbon policy and the energy-consumption-constrained wind power industry are growing rapidly, with a 29% increase in the cumulative capacity of wind power installed in January-November 2021, which significantly boosts the market demand for wind veils. In a climate of energy-saving reduction, green low-carbon travel, cars are light.
This has led to the use of fibre-optic materials and their products in new energy cars. In addition, the application of pcb has gradually expanded, with the penetration of 5g, material networking, big data and widespread application, and the demand for the electronic bob as a raw material upstream of pcb has increased rapidly.
In 2021, the average monthly export volume of the country’s fibre optics and their products grew by 23.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the volume of export sales increased significantly. We believe that the rise of new domestic applications markets and the emergence of overseas cities are the result of a gradual recovery of demand in the market.
The recovery of the site will boost the total demand for the fibre-optic market in 2022, with 22 years of better demand. The price of the fibre-optics as a whole in 21 years was strained by the overall supply and demand of the market in 2021, and the price of the fibre-optics was historically high.
The average market price increased from $5683/ton at the beginning of the year to $6250/ton at the end of the year, an increase of 9.97 per cent; the average market price for the electronic veil increased from $9850/ton at the beginning of the year to $14,500/ton, an increase in the demand for the new power applications market that would support the high price of the fibre-optic bar; the electronic veil market followed
Effective cost control provides a good basis for company performance growth in 2021.
Automating, building digital plants, maximizing the advantages of intelligent manufacturing, increasing the energy-saving, low-carbon transformation of materials, future growth efficiency, expanding artificial capacity, reducing production costs through technological adaptation, and increasing profit margins.
In the context of the increase in fuel prices in 2021, effective combined cost controls have led to a significant increase in the profit level of the Public 20211027 - the Galactic Building Building Building Report.
- China's Great Stone (600176.sh): Industry is high. Investment is proposed as a leading business in the fibreglass industry, with high costs, size, technology and gas, and companies outperform expectations.
With the increase in the penetration of fibreglass products and the expansion of the market for fibre optics, there is much scope for companies to develop their business. The company is expected to maintain a “recommended” rating for 21-23 years, with good growth expectations.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.