The industry is promising, and the vanguard position has further consolidated China's Great Stone (600176.sh) incident, which resulted in the release of the annual 2021 report of China's Big Stone, which achieved business income/net profit/deduction from the mother
In 2021, the company earned $19,707 million, an increase of 68.92 per cent.
In terms of sales, the company achieved 23,528,000 tons of bra and its products in 21 years, a 13% increase in electronics.
Sales were 440 million metres, the largest increase ever. The sharp increase in sales was partly due to the rapid growth of the domestic market ' s new energy-based automobiles (lightly quantified cars) and pcb industries, which led to a significant increase in the demand for fibre-optic, light-quantified products and electronics; and another.
As a result of the recovery of overseas markets, exports of foreign trade have been back on the rise since the second quarter of last year, and the volume of exports of Bolivia's fibres has increased significantly. On the price side, 21 years of high overall prices for braids, and, according to Cheuk's data, 2400 Tex, the main producer of the fabric, entangled in direct veils for 21 years, is at an average price.
In addition, the relocation of the Great Seok-su plant confirmed the disposal of assets at $187 million and the sale of metal at $690 million in non-principal business revenue, which increased company performance and made it a record high.
Effective cost control, combined with economies of scale, raises the Māori ratio of companies. In 2021, companies achieved a Māori sales rate of 45.31 per cent, an increase of 11.53 percentage points from the previous year, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio of companies.
A continuous acceleration of intelligent manufacturing to reduce production costs through technological adaptation has resulted in cost-control systems such as the Galactic Building Materials industry depth report, “Emperative Work Method.” In addition, companies are able to produce as a scale of production capacity.
In the construction industry _ spring 2022 investment strategy _ spring 2022 _ the world’s top firms have significant economies of scale.
Production lines: 150,000 tons of fibreglass per year, 150,000 tons per year of fibre-crystal wire production line, 20220112 (Galactic Building Materials) company review report, cutting of raw silk line, 60,000 tons of electronic veils per year and 300 million metres of electronic fabric project, 21.
- China ' s Great Stone (600176.sh): The increase in the size of the DPP has further reduced the fixed costs.
The company is expected to continue production in 2022: 100,000 tons of electronic gauze per year, 120,000 tons of fibre-glass kilns per year in Egypt. As the company’s capacity expands, its size increases, while making the company supply its products.
There is a stronger dominance in capacity and pricing power, further consolidation of corporate fibre-optics, structural adjustment still in the direction of the future, and prospects for new applications at the mid-to-high end. Companies adapt their product structures in a timely manner to changing market demand, increasing their sophistication and sophistication.
The proportion of production and sale of difficult, green, special-purpose products. Benefiting from the impact of the "double carbon" policy, certainty of demand in the area of energy conservation and environmental protection will lead to accelerated penetration of fibre-optic products; accelerated expansion of the wind and power industry is expected to generate greater demand for wind and power veil markets; and new energy sources.
Investment is proposed as a leading business in the fibreglass industry, with clear advantages in terms of cost, size, technology, brands, etc. With the increase in the penetration rate of the fibre-optic products and the company’s products, the potential for short-cut original veil products is greater.
The company is expected to present this report independently and objectively in 22-24 years, with a commitment to practice diligently and with a clear and accurate view of its research. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
M.A. in Economics, Wuhan University. Worked in the construction materials industry since 2019, specializing in industry analysis and top-down selection of a share.