Quarterly reports are over-expected, artificial intelligence accelerates down - the year 2020 and the year 2021.
In 2020, the company achieved a gross operating income of 63.503 billion yuan, an increase of 10.14 per cent, and a net return of 13.386 billion yuan, an increase of 7.82 per cent. In 2020, in the face of the impact of the epidemic, the company remained robust in responding to the impact of the epidemic, with a modest annual increase of 5.65 per cent in the number of employees, which will continue over the next three years.
Increased investment to seize development opportunities; annual net operating cash flow of $16,088 million in cash flows, a significant increase of 107.12 per cent over the year, mainly as a result of positive corporate returns; inventory, in the face of uncertainty caused by overseas politics and the epidemic, the company ' s strategy of maintaining a high stock of raw materials and the necessary material replacements
In terms of R & D inputs, companies insist on technological innovation as a driver, R & D costs as a share of the continued warming in the second half of pbg/smbg, demand for high and rapid growth in ebg, and high growth in innovation operations Sub-operation: Pbg received $16,304 million in 2020, an increase of 4.61 per cent; Smbg camp
The impact of the epidemic is more immediate, with pbg and smbg under pressure in the first half of the year, recovering significantly and achieving growth in the second half of the year.
20.56%, mainly due to the high level of industry coverage and the high level of risk resistance of large and medium-sized enterprises, and the high demand for digitization of enterprises.
10.59 per cent; offshore revenues of $17,697 million, an increase of 8.98 per cent over the same period. In innovation business: 2020, performance rate: performance against expectations, innovation-driven development. Smart household operations: $2,919 million, an increase of 12.60 per cent; robotics: $1,359 million.
The percentage of the total annual income of the innovation business is 9.71% and is expected to continue to rise in the future.
In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved total operating income of 13,988 million yuan, or 48.36 per cent more, and in the second quarter of 2021, the return of 2,169 million yuan, or 44.99 per cent more.
Stepping away from the effects of the epidemic, combating and controlling the epidemic abroad, stabilizing the operating environment at home and abroad, warming up the government market, and the continuous release of the need for business-level intelligent transformation.
The company offers video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data services to global users, with overall advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, and a wider scope for future growth.
Long; rapid growth of innovation operations, with a network of fluorescents on the market; repeated operations of companies over the past five years, mainly in the 20-new crown pneumonia epidemic; demand released less than expected from the digital transformation of enterprises; and poor growth of overseas markets: less than expected: increased competition in the industry.
Figure 1: The author of Heiconway, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association in the past five years for consulting on securities investment, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.