Events: company reports 2020 and 2021 and business income of $6.350 billion in 2020, an increase of $1.01 billion over the previous year, and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $13.39 billion, an increase over the same period
Discovering a gold dividend of $8 (including taxes), no red shares, no capital build-up of equity. In the first quarter of 2021, a strong growth in income at Camp ebg gave new impetus to innovative business: in 2020, in the context of the new crown epidemic and the dispute between China and the United States, companies used technological innovation as the primary means of survival and development to sustain sound business and achieve it.
Income growth of 10.1%. In 2020, the business community (ebg) played the most significant role in income mobilization, and despite the negative impact of the new crown epidemic, the demand for digital transformation by large firms, which benefited from better risk resistance, was still strong, with annual collections growing by 20.6% to $15.18 billion, moving closer to the public service community.
(pbg) The size of 16,300 million yuan. Although the epidemic has had a more direct impact on pbg and smbg (small- and medium-sized enterprise), the impact of the epidemic has weakened in the country in the second half of the year, and the growth of operations in pbg and smbg has resumed, with an annual growth rate of 4.6% and 3.5%, respectively.
The eight sub-businesses of Heikang Motors Electronics, Heikang Micro-Sham, Heikang Smart Storage, Heikang Fire, Heicon Wise Shadow, Heicon-Hygien Shadow, etc., maintained high growth, with revenues growing by 39.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2020, with smart households and robotics growing by 12.6 per cent and 66.9 per cent, respectively, and innovative business giving new impetus to the sustainable development of companies.
The heat imaging product boosts the Māori rate, and the R & D input continues to add up; in 2020, the M & D rate was 46.5%, which is more powerful for Mäori than the six-month thermal imaging product. The 2020 company adopted a more secure cost strategy to respond to the epidemic, controlling staff growth and spending, and achieving better human effectiveness.
In the last five years, companies have invested more than 20 billion dollars in research and development.
In 2020, R & D costs amounted to 10.0% of income, and R & D technicians more than 20,000, or nearly 50% of the total number of companies. Long-term, high-intensity technological inputs provided strong support for firm performance.
The first quarter of 2021 was over-expected, and the digital transformation of businesses was gaining momentum: companies performed in the first quarter of 2021.
Quarterlys bring about a “deep season” in which companies expect to return to normal fluctuations in the next few quarters. At present, Sea Conway: a three-quarter recovery trend, full preparation for ebg’s digital transformation is becoming more urgent and demand for high growth is being maintained, while the needs of pbg and smbg are on the rise.
As the epidemic weakens, a return to normal growth will be a positive development for all three of the company’s industries.
From the volatility of the Māori rate, the current shortage of raw materials, which cannot be alleviated in a short period of time, companies operate in the form of the Sea Convalescence: Quarterly Performance Rings improved, domestic and foreign markets would have been pressured, or the level of Māori would have fluctuated. In terms of demand, the digital transformation of the three major groups would have been reduced.
The company states that the next three years will be an opportunity period for development and will continue to increase its investment, while continuing to optimize internal management and improve operational efficiency, driven by technological innovation. We believe that the cost of arithmeticals will fall each year, and that the company will be positive.
The low penetration rate of the benefits from the application of the ai is a long-term beneficiary of the ai ' s empowerment; demand recovery is not as predictable; innovation operations and product competition affect profitability; and upstream material price increases affect Māori.