Haeconway (002415): Performance marginality. Good. Innovative business brings new dynamic growth.
The company is the leading provider of video products and content services, achieving business income of $13,388 million in the quarter, an increase of 48.36 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit from repatriation of $2,269 million for the global provision of leading video products, professional industries
Solutions and content services.
(b) Access, the impact of the epidemic has diminished, and the company's performance has been up the season. 1) The end of the harvest: the company's 20q4 collection, the net profit from the mother's brain manufacturing field, has introduced a series of machine visual products.
The company ' s products cover all major equipment of the video surveillance system, including front end collection equipment, back end 21q1 performance, which continues to improve, with revenues of $139.88 million, net profit returns to the mother, and 2,169 million, respectively.
Storage and central control, display, management and storage of equipment. Majorly, thermal imaging equipment rolled out in response to the situation pulls; net interest rate of 21.54 per cent, declining cost policy, control of personnel growth and expenditure, sales and administrative costs
Billion dollars, an increase of 107.12 per cent over the same period, which significantly improved the payment terms of the company's positive refunds and the thermal imaging of the products of thermometers.
Technologically driven development, innovation brings new dynamic energy. Over 20 years, companies have invested $637.9 million in R & D, or 10.04% of the total recipients, and more than 20,000 R & D and technicians.
The company is now actively promoting the development of innovative business, with 1.891 billion yuan, or 83.49 per cent, in 20 years of smart-house business and other innovative business. In order to enhance the competitiveness of innovative business, the Public Division has launched a market-distribution network of fireflies.
Three clusters of business need to be dug up, ebg may be growing in the long run. The company has consolidated its domestic business into three clusters of public services (pbg), business (ebg) and small and medium-sized enterprise (Smbg) over 18 years in order to better tap market demand and pool corporate resources.
96.83 billion yuan, or 3.50 per cent of the same increase. Pbg and smbg operations have been slowed down by the closure of their premises, government spending, etc.; ebg operations have been spread over a larger number of industries, combined with relatively strong corporate winds, which have been growing at a higher rate in 20 years.
There will be a long-term presence, with technologies such as corporate artificial intelligence, intelligence connections, and the convergence of property, and the promise of the sea conway-looking ebg business, which is expected to accelerate and maintain a robust and growing dynamic. Technology advantages are significant, and scale advantages are emerging.
At the forefront, long-term high R & D investment by companies has led to a deep technological reserve and strong business migration capacity that can adapt product strategies in a timely manner, based on industry frontier and market demand, and is expected to benefit from the ai and object networking dividends of the digital transformation and intelligent construction. At the same time, firms’ economies of scale are becoming apparent, and technology is becoming increasingly available.
The ability to migrate laterally is growing, and as technological tools are reused in different fields, the marginal costs of corporate business openings will be reduced, and levels of profitability are expected to improve further.
Companies’ ebg end-of-end revenues are growing, and the Ministry’s sub-income benefits from large- and medium-sized enterprises’ overall wind-control capacity are more stable. At the same time, companies continue to build global compliance systems, strengthen overseas business compliance teams, and support the smooth running of their operations.
Based on a high-level inventory strategy, smoothing off the volatility of operations caused by tight supply and avoiding, as far as possible, the operational impact of a shortage of raw materials such as upstream chips, companies are expected to grow steadily over the long term.
Car electronics, Haikang Weibo, Haikang Smart Storage, Haikang Fire Fire, Haikang Wise Shadow, and Haikang Hyukage are about to divide the company's network of fluorescent stars into a two-way pattern of “Cloud Platform Services + Smart Homes”, leading the company's hardware products technology, relying on additional holdings of cloud services, upgrading the city of smart homes with consumption.
The business sector is expected to grow in the long term. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net return profits to rise in 2021-2023, and the industry is largely well-oriented, looking at the company’s future growth in innovation and growth in corporate income.
Haikangway (002415): Good performance margins, new growth dynamics in innovative business.
In the fields of big data, car networking, 5g applications, financial technology, and digital money, industrial research creates values.
East Hing Securities reports that the poor performers are doing well, and that innovative business brings new growth dynamics.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.