21q1 performance is overexpected.
The incident company issued its annual report for 2020, which generated 63,503 million yuan a year, plus Fucho's share of ps.143, to be set at $8. The company issued its quarterly report for 2021.
Revenue of 13,988 million yuan, an increase of 48.26 per cent over the same period; net profit on return to mothers of 2,169 million yuan, and the resilience of leading enterprises, which grew robustly in 2020 despite industry demand in 2020
The end was hit by the negative impact of the new crown epidemic, with the company ' s 2020 q1-q4 battalion growing at a quarterly rate, demonstrating a strong operational management and risk-resistant capability. The company ' s revenue/exchange loss, mainly due to the appreciation of the renminbi, has had an impact on the company ' s short-term profitability.
Sub-operations: Pbg, Smbg and overseas operations were affected by the epidemic in the first half of 2020, with gradual repairs at the end of demand in the second half of the year, and companies continued to optimize their product structure and channel management capacity, with annual harvests increasing by 4.6 per cent, 3.5 per cent and 9.0 per cent, respectively; large enterprises resisted the wind.
The need for digital transformation has increased in response to higher risk capabilities, with ebg revenues in 2020 equalling 20.6 per cent; new technologies, such as i, added up and corporate innovation in 2020 rapidly increased investment in R & D, and smart transformation performance showed that companies continued to invest more in R & D.
Integrator innovation and software systems: In 2020, the company invested $637.9 million in research and development, and the division continued to build up its technological reserves around eight major areas: automobile electronics, machine vision, robotics, etc., and expanded its operational boundaries, with its subsidiaries, the Firestone Network, to be marketed.
On the sectoral front, the company has developed a unified embedded software platform, changed hard and soft product functionality through software upgrades, and significantly increased the efficiency of development. We believe that the company's increased investment in research and development, taking ownership of the aiot wave, and the medium- and long-term transformation of innovation will be achieved.
As a new engine for growth in corporate performance, the size of the company’s revenue collection and profitability are further enhanced. A rapid recovery on the demand side, with 21q1 performance expected to be higher than ever, ebg’s digital demand remained strong and q1 returned in 2021 owing to a faster recovery in the business needs of pbg, smbg
Net profits of $2.17 billion, a 45 per cent increase compared to 2019 o1, have also increased by 41.21 per cent, and we believe that, as a result of the impact of the new crown epidemic in 2020, the need for digital transformation of enterprises has become more pressing and ebg, smbg and innovative operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate; the impact of the epidemic has decreased.
Weak, pbg and overseas operations are expected to grow robustly; corporate revenue is expected to grow by more than 10% over the next three years.
Heconway View: The Performance Ring has improved in line with expectations, and the security +aiot Dragon Enterprise will benefit in depth from the impact of corporate intelligence upgrades released by Heconway View: corporate revenue continues to improve, currency exchange loss impacts
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.