Incidents: 30 October 2022, the Tri Quarterly 2022 was published. In the third quarter of the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved $6,225 billion in operating income, an increase of 35.52% over the previous quarter of 2022.
Zhang Yansheng 10.94% net profit of $382 million from non-return to the mother, an increase of 40.75% from the same year, a decrease in the ring value of tyre products and a rise in income by a further quarter.
The average unit value of 22q3 tyres sold by companies increased by 24.20 per cent, or 7.24 per cent, over the same period, as a result of adjustments, among other factors. The company ' s 22q3 flat price and volume of tyres were the highest in history in the quarter, with quarterly revenues reaching more than $6 billion for the first time and six consecutive quarterly ring increases.
Over the past six months, the problem of blocked ports in the United States has eased, shipping costs have fallen, American distributors have a “buy-and-no-buy” wait-and-go” mentality, and pre-emergements need to be digested, resulting in temporary fluctuations in US tyre import orders for 22q3. Companies continue to open markets and achieve sales and revenues under industry fluctuations.
The double-growth of the same ring, while the net profit from the deduction of non-mortality decreased by q3 ring over a short period of pressure, showed strong corporate resilience in the first three quarters, with 14.14% double-digit rises in the same quarter.
According to \triangleright, the number of imports of pcr in the United States amounted to 140 million in January-August 22, an increase of 12.59 per cent in the same year, and the number of imports of tbr amounted to 15.7 million, an increase of 37.11 per cent in the same year.
The demand remains strong, with imports declining in June and July due to the impact of lower freight costs, but the recovery in August saw a 2.10 per cent increase in the United States import of pcr and 5.12 per cent increase in the import of tbr. Viet Nam, affected by different counter-tax rates, has a low tax rate.
More quickly out of industry fluctuations, the US import of pcr from Vietnam increased by 40.63% in August, reaching a 22-year high. We believe that Viet Nam, with low counter-tax rates, and Cambodia, with zero counter-tax rates, are expected to replace high-tax areas in the United States-imported tyre market.
It's the only tyre company in the country that currently owns two factories overseas. In the first half of the year, Vietnam's factory was found in Vietnam.
On 30 October, the company announced its intention to issue a transferable debt collection.
Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. Ten thousand full steel meridian tyres and 50,000 tons of non-road tyres project and 9 million cindaseturitiesco., Ltd. produced annually in Cambodia
Half steel meridian tires project. With the funding available, it is expected that the additional production capacity abroad will accelerate and continue.
In June of 22 years, 60,000 tons of green glue from Yekai New Materials completed an empty load test vehicle, 22q3 began to contribute to the increase in the amount of liquid gold tyres in the public sector, and aid companies enriched the liquid gold product lines.
Gold tyres have been recognized for their excellence by a number of authorities and have produced a variety of different products, such as full steel, semi-steel and special tyres.
Average fuel consumption was 23.99l/100km, compared to 7.6 per cent of the latest major marketed oil-saving products of an international front-line brand; and the driving tire “atrezzozsr2” as opposed to the competitive, performance of critical energy such as product safety, environmental protection, etc., in dryland braking, wetland braking, wetland manipulation, rolling resistance, etc.
In particular, the wet scratch index reached 1.74, well above the EU-A-rated label limit, which demonstrates the advantages of liquid gold technology. The company specializes in North America’s “erangeev” product by electric car, which is tested by the U.S. authority testing agency, Smith Lab, compared to the one in the U.S.
International first-line brands, with a 5% reduction in dry-field braking distance, a 15% reduction in rolling resistance, a 7% increase in range, can meet the full range of electric car performance needs for tyres. In addition, companies with newcomers explore the full area of marketing of liquid gold tire lines and go to the official flag ship of the Skycat.
Shops, through online platforms, companies can provide customized personalized tires for users, which are expected to accelerate the spread and penetration of liquid gold tyres. Future e-gels will continue to be released, the variety and quantity of liquid gold tyres will be enriched, and the company’s hard work in scientific research will be replaced by steam.
\triangleright Risk factors: 1 - Risk of new production capacity falling short of expectations 2 and significant price volatility of rubber. Zhang Yansheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Finance, Beijing University, seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group.
In March, it officially joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries. Yoon Yoon Yoo, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Nakayama University, Master of Audit, Central University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.