Long-lived water needles and recombinant ovarian energy are expected to recreate several gold-spills, southwest securities research and development centres.
Recommended logic: The company is the leader of a domestic genetic engineering drug, with its first global growth hormone long-acting water needles and the country's first recombinant human-promoting ovary ovarians, which are expected to recreate several gold-tracking pharmaceutical industries, superheating the vaccine industry, and increasing profitability. The company is expected to return 30% of its net profit to its mother in the next three years.
In 2018, a net profit of 840 million yuan was returned to the mother, corresponding to a 26-fold share price of the current stock price, with a clear margin of valuation. Growth hormones are the core means of treating Dwarf Physics, and the current domestic market is about 2 billion yuan, with a stock penetration rate estimated at about 2%, and we believe that the domestic market space is at least 15 billion yuan.
There will be no new products in the country in the year, and company-led product ladders will guarantee 30% of compound growth over the next three years. The company’s long-duration four clinical periods are nearing completion, and we believe that long-lasting water needles can recreate several gold-challenged pharmaceutical industries.
The most widely applied drug for assisted reproduction is ovarians, which are currently on the domestic market of about $2.8 billion, with penetration rates of just over 60 per cent of the country ' s exclusive reorganizers, which are now recombined by more than 60 per cent of the proteins and have been cut off by imports, and are expected to be replaced by higher value prices for company products, with peak sales or sales of more than $1 billion.
After one vote, the industry has increased its profitability, and its performance has continued to improve over the next two years. After the 2016 Shandong vaccine incident, the country introduced a single vote, and the universal price increase for vaccines + a compressed flow chain led to increased profitability in the industry.
In 2016, there will be an upturn in issuances against the market, with a further recovery in 2017, and vaccines will continue to improve for the next two years. In research, more than 500 to 1 billion grade varieties are clinically or reported for production. The company invests nearly 10% per year in research and development, and several priority products are clinically or approved for production.
Production is under way and is expected to be the first of 500 million grade varieties in the country; the Orthopaedic and trauprin microballs have been clinically administered, with 300-50 million grade varieties in the country; and new types of new drugs, such as perjury soap, are in the clinical trial stage, with herpes virus virus and frozen dry flu vaccine, respectively.
Combining, growth hormone long-acting water needles and recombinant human-induced ovarian energy can recreate several gold-challenged pharmaceutical industries, Kinsai 1. Long Spring High New (000661): Growth hormones have been approved for new reactions and specifications, and companies will continue to grow high.
Biopharmaceutical performance (2017-04-24) Drug performance (2017-02-28) 1) Golden match medicine industry: Core business growth hormones, driven by industry recovery and expansion of corporate sales, are expected to be public
The Division ' s intake rate for 2017-2019 was 38%, 35% and 30% respectively; 2) 100 grams of biology: vaccines are back in the industry, and we differ from the market, which has doubts about the sustainability of the next 30% growth in the Kinsai pharmaceutical industry. We believe that there is currently a low rate of consultation for patients with small illnesses.
5%, with a conservative market space of more than 15 billion growth hormones, currently only 2 billion yuan, and a huge growth space from the ceiling. A new adaptive disorder for water-specific dwarfs is expected to be approved in 2018-2019, with four long-acting water needles to be completed, with two births to be added, exclusive re-assembled by a policy-catalyst, with clear growth from 2017-2019, and new releases are expected to be recreated.
The market believes that companies are researching products that are insufficient and growing in the future. We believe that the company invests nearly 10% of its research and development every year, with more than one priority product in clinical or approved production, and that there is enough momentum for subsequent growth: 1) Essena is producing, hopefully the first in the country, at 500 million grade varieties; 2) Microball platforms: Otrichon and Tuprilyn have been clinically approved, with 300-500 million graders in the country.
More than 100 million species of mass: 4) companies are also at the clinical trial stage, such as the Kim Dok and the Pseudo-Photo Pseudo-Pseudo Soaps. 1) Four long-acting needles of growth hormones have been completed; 2) adaptive disorders, such as stunting of growth hormones, have been approved; 3) Ai Senaium has been approved for production: 4) the quantity of vaccines issued for water pox and rabies is higher than expected.
The combination of products in the field of genetic engineering drugs, growth hormone long-acting water needles and recombinant human-induced ovarian energy can recreate several golden-tracking pills 1) growth hormones and vaccine industries or the recurrence of similar events in Changsha or Shandong, resulting in a significant decline in industry exposure: 2) the risk of price reductions or over-expected risks of bidding for core products; 3) the risk of large fluctuations in real estate operations; 4)
The company is a leading industry in the field of genetic engineering medicine.
The company actually controls the people’s government in Changchun City, holding 22.36% of the shares. The company’s core profit-contribution companies are the Golden Race Medicines (biopharmaceuticals such as growth hormones), 100 grams of biology (aquatic and rabies vaccine, etc.), the Huacon Medicines (medium medicine) and the High New Real Estates (real estates).
It has also been involved in Edvanth and Shabeno, actively laying out medical equipment and medical services, gradually achieving development goals that go hand in hand with the construction of new platforms. Over the past 20 years, with the successful hatching and growth of pharmaceutical projects, the Department has become a listed company with a technological lead in biopharmaceuticals in the country.
The company ' s income in the last five years was mainly from biopharmaceuticals, with biopharmaceuticals accounting for about 60 per cent in 2016, 47.6 per cent and 11.9 per cent, respectively, of which the gold- and 100-gram organisms accounted for 47.6 per cent and 11.9 per cent, respectively, from the net profit structure of the company, mainly from biopharmaceuticals and real estate operations, which contributed 78.7 per cent and 16.9 per cent, respectively, to the net return to the mother, which together accounted for about 93 per cent of the total.
71.6 per cent, 100 grams of bio-contribution 7.1 per cent, with contributions from the four core subsidiaries, corporate income and net profit returns increased at a compound rate of +17.2 per cent in 2012-2016, respectively, with pharmaceutical enterprises growing by +49.4 per cent and net profits growing by +68.2 per cent, showing a far higher performance than expected in the market, mainly in the form of market expectations.
As a result of the high growth in the performance of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, a core-owned subsidiary, we expect a growth rate in revenues from the 2017 q1 Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, focusing on the four companies mentioned above, in order to provide a comprehensive picture of the future development of the company.
In the 20 years of its existence, the Golden Race drug industry, founded in 1996 by Dr. Kim and Changchun, was one of the country’s first genetic engineering pharmaceutical companies. It now holds 70% of the new stock and 24% of the new stock.
In an accelerated growth trend, 1.38 billion yuan was collected in 2016, a year-on-year increase of +30 per cent, and cagrda 2012-2016, where the restructuring of growth hormones was the company ' s core fist product, which in recent years has accounted for nearly 80 per cent of the income of the pharmaceutical industry. According to pdb data, the recombinant recombinant ovulation of ovarians took over as soon as it was launched at the end of 2015.
5% of the company's revenue, as the first national recombinant ovary product, is the same future market performance for ovarian recombinant. 2.1 Recombinant growth hormones: the world's strongest echelons, long-activating gold chemistry, growth hormones are the key hormones for human growth.
The growth of skeletal, muscular, gland growth plays an important role. If growth hormones are inadequate, they can lead to stunting growth, height below the same sex, age, average height of children of the same race, commonly known as “deficiency”.
According to researchers at Nanjing Medical University, stunting caused by growth hormone deficiency accounted for 51.8 per cent of 2132 clinical cases in 2009-2014, 15.20 per cent of total growth hormone deficiency, 36.58 per cent of selected growth hormone deficiency, 41.9 per cent of specific cases and 6.3 per cent of other causes such as chromosome disease.
Reorganizing human growth hormones is the most important means of treating dwarfism in the last 20 years. The growth hormones produced through reorganizing dna techniques are called reorganizing human growth hormones, short r-hgh. A large number of clinical trials have confirmed that r-hgh side effects are low, that clinically poor responses are currently safe and effective drugs for the treatment of non-resilient dwarfism at home and abroad.
It's used for treatment of all kinds of dwarfs, and it has achieved better clinical results. In the treatment, the rhgh treatment can be used to treat dwarfs caused by a variety of causes, such as growth hormone deficiency, stunting and tunner syndrome, which account for a smooth growth of the growth hormone market in the Euro-American region, which is expected to exceed $5 billion.
After more than three decades of development, growth in the global market for growth hormones has generally slowed down. Growth in the global market for hormones grew from $2.57 billion to $2.95 billion in 2007-2016, at an average annual compound rate of about 1.5%.
There are also listed products such as Novartis, lig, and companies in the global market, and we believe that this data reflects mainly the sales of the five enterprises in the European and American region, which we estimate should be close to $5 billion, taking into account other businesses and other regions. Norditropin's share of the market under the Nordipen syringe was 25% in 2007.
Up to 44.1 per cent in 2016, product sales have been ranked first in growth hormone global sales for six consecutive years. Figure 11: Growth hormone global competition 2007-2016 The domestic growth hormone industry has been growing faster in recent years.
According to the pdb sample hospital database, the size of the growth hormone market rose from 36.48 million yuan in 2007 to 291 million yuan in 2016, with a combined growth rate of 26 per cent in September. The growth hormone market grew at only 4.5 per cent per year, the lowest level in the last decade, as a result of the sand events of 2014.
The country has completed import substitution of long hormones, with a market share of 60% in the gold market. The main producers of growing hormones in the country are the gold market, Ancobiology, Hydrochemistry, and Union Sal.
The market in the pharmaceutical industry rose from 30.2 per cent in 2007 to 59.5 per cent in 2016, with the domestic market being the first, followed by United Sal 18.9 per cent and Ancolite 12.8 per cent, while the powder type r-hgh in Merk was less than 0.01 per cent due to the high cost of treatment and the high number of years off.
In 2016, the Golden Race medicine industry achieved revenues of $1.38 billion. We estimate that growth hormone sales account for about 80 per cent of corporate income, about $1.1 billion, or 59.5 per cent of the growth hormone market. Thus, we assume that domestic growth hormones in 2016 were about $1.85 billion in tax-free market size, or about $2 billion in tax-bearing market size.
2.1.3 The domestic growth hormone penetration rate is extremely low, with at least 15 billion people in market space, with 30 million people suffering from short-term diseases and only 1 per cent receiving regular treatment. According to the China Medical Day Endocrine Genetics Metabolism Group Director, Luo Xiaoping, held in Beijing, “The China Child Growth and Development Summit and the 2014 Health Communication Campaign”
The event revealed that the incidence of Dwarfs is 3 per cent. The Dwarfs have reached 39 million. Of these, 7 million are aged 4-15 years, with fewer than 300,000 visits and less than 5 per cent, while only 30,000, or 10 per cent, receive formal treatment.
The increase in the treatment base + knowledge of Dwarfs, and the outlook for the growth hormone market continue to improve. Thanks to the second-child policy, the number of births in the country will increase over the next 5 to 10 years, and the number of Dwarfs will increase simultaneously. The best treatment for Dwarfs is 4 to 15 years of age, and early intervention is evident.
Parents have little knowledge of dwarfism, which leads to a generally late age of treatment for children with dwarfism. As knowledge of the treatment of dwarfism increases and consumption levels increase, the rate of treatment for dwarfism and the scale of the growth hormone drug use in the country will increase further.
2 billion yuan, and the annual cost of long-lasting/water needles/paints is $19.5/425/2 million each. Assuming that all use is for children with growth hormone deficiency, regardless of other adaptive disorders and beauty resistance to aging, we estimate that in 2016 the water needles covered less than 25,000 children, while the needles covered less than 50,000 people, i.e. not more than 80,000 people.
As mentioned earlier, if only growth hormone deficiency is taken into account, we expect that the stock will cover about 4 million people, with an additional population per year, and that growth hormone deficiency, as a result of childhood growth hormone deficiency, burns and hypothalamus, taner syndrome, adult ghd, chronic kidney insufficiency, if we consider the use and expansion of other adaptive disorders, we estimate.
The growth hormones apply to over 5 million people, assuming 10%, or 500,000 people, corresponding to market space: 10 billion yuan for a pink needle or 21.3 billion yuan for a water needle. Assuming that each is 50%, we conservatively estimate the growth hormone market space to be at least 15 billion yuan.
Table 3: Approval and clinical trials of growth hormone adaptive conditions at home and abroad 2.1.4 Top product ladders around the world, with long-acting water needles expected to recreate several gold-challenging pharmaceutical industries. In 1998, companies developed the techniques of re-genetic and secretive expression, and the first re-organizing human growth hormone pollen to be produced in the listed country.
In 2005, the company developed a recombinant growth hormone non-crystal protein stabilization technology, resolving the problem of the instability of biogenesis in water solutions, and introduced Asia’s first recombinant growth hormone needle, not only with high-quality natural structures, but also with a zero response rate. In 2008, the company was listed as the only new drug that was patented by the state, the only one in the world.
Rhgm-csf ' s gel agent. In 2014, the company created polyethanol growth hormone symphony technology, spearheading the launch of the first long-acting reorganizing human growth hormone in the world. The company owns one of the world ' s strongest echelons of human growth hormones, a low- and medium-scale mix of products, which helps the company to better meet consumption needs at different levels and provides a sound market basis for the company ' s development:
Low-end powder needles: The lowest price, with an average annual cost of around 20,000 treatments acceptable to most small-deficit families, is currently dominated by four enterprises, namely, Union Sal (42.7%), Ancobi (29%), lg (15.8%) and Kinsey Medicine (8.6%) with a combined market share of more than 95%.
Mid-end water needles: risk of dose error and secondary contamination due to pre-injection matching, the need for the needle during treatment. Water needles are easy to handle, maintain high biological activity, low resistance to medical examination, etc.
Accompanied by the rapid increase in sales after their listing, sample hospitals show water needles from $1.14 million in 2007-2016, high-end long-acting needles: short-acting because of the need for daily injections, both for powder and water needle treatment. The company’s long-acting effect, which requires only one injection per week, can significantly reduce the inconvenience to patients and increase patients’ dependence to the international community.
It's time to start, put an end to the history of treatment of the world's nearly 100-year-old children requiring a daily injection of growth hormones. Long-acting water needles are currently in their initial roll-out phase, assuming a penetration rate of 1% or more than 7,000 people with a growth hormone deficit, and the market for long-acting water needles will be 1.4 billion yuan, we believe.
For long-acting water needles, several gold-challenged pharmaceutical industries can be recreated. According to the competitors' declarations, needle production is now mainly declared by Noor and Nord, Ankobi and Union Sal, of which Nord and Nord supplementary applications are in the process of review and approval, and are expected to be marketed in 2018, taking into account that Nord and Nord, although they are nationals, are currently declared.
International market growth hormone giants, but the main effort in the country is concentrated on insulin for the treatment of diabetes, at a presumably higher price than the real threat posed by the company, Noor and Nord, and the combined Syll needles were rejected in 2013, while Anco biology voluntarily withdrew during the clinical test data verification and has not been re-declared, and we expect the Anco biowater needles to be marketed at least in 2019.
With regard to long-lasting water needles, there are currently mainly Ancobi and Xiamentebo biologic declarations, both of which are in the clinical trial phase. According to the Chinese clinical trial database, Xiamentebo has not been further updated since its completion in 2014 and the long-lasting water needles of Ankobi have not yet been registered for clinical trials. Considering that the test and growth declaration takes at least five years, we believe that the long-acting water needles are 4-5 years old.
There will be no competition against the market. We believe that no new national products will be marketed in 1 to 2 years for water needles, no new products will be marketed in 4 to 5 years for long-acting needles, and that the company ' s step-by-step restructuring of the growth hormone product ladder will guarantee the company ' s rapid growth over the next 4 to 6 years. 2.2 Reorganizing people for ovulation: national exclusive, imports to replace the lowest sales or more than 1 billion
Building on its powerful genetic engineering drug development in 2015, the company was approved for the first injection of recombinant human egg-promotion, blisters, ovarian hormones (fsh), a hormone that is synthesified by a cerebral pituitary, which regulates a range of physiological processes, such as growth and development and reproduction, and is widely applied in the field of assisted reproduction.
The peak sales will exceed 1 billion yuan. 2.2.1 ovulation is one of the most widely used drugs for assisted reproduction, which is an important means of treating infertility.
Since the rate of infertility in the country has risen from 25 to 40 per cent for men and 40 to 50 per cent for women, the treatment of infertility is currently available mainly through surgical, pharmaceutical and assisted reproduction. After medication or surgery is ineffective, assisted reproduction can be used for reproductive purposes. As the ultimate means of addressing infertility, assisted reproduction is infertility.
Infertility treatment plays an important role: the human axle (neumatic brain, pituitary, ovarian) controls and regulates the reproductive function of the human body, the treatment process for assisted reproduction and the use of drugs also follows the feedback mechanism for the axle:
(a) The decomposition process: preventing early ovulation through the \triangleright control and stimulation cycle of \triangleright prophylactic hormones emitted hormones, such as trapririn, glimmerin and Sicreck;
(b) \triangleright induction ovulation process: \triangleright promotion and maintenance of yellow synthesynthetic pregnancy hormones through man-flux membrane hormones;
\triangleright promotes the production and maturity of ovarian bubbles and simulates the peak of physiotherapists; Yellow support process: the intrauterine membrane is prepared for embryonic bed preparation through estrogens and ephedra.
\triangleright ovarians are one of the most widely used drugs for assisted reproduction.
Disaggregation of ovarians from normal zones can cause problems of menopause, sexual function loss, and even infertility. According to health-care institutions in Guangxi, ovulation disorders account for 25-30% of infertility and are one of the leading causes of infertility among women.
According to data from the pdb sample hospital, ovarian hormones accounted for about 34% of the sales of the experimental hospital assisted reproductive medicines in 2016, and were the largest marketed drug in this area. Urinated ovary hormones and recombinant human ovary ovary blubber are two of the most commonly used ovulation drugs in treatment.
(ufsh) Extracted from menopause women ' s urine with 95% purity; recombinant human ovary blubber (rfsh) has the advantage of having high purity, low risk of contamination, and high acceptance of ovarian bubsters compared to the use of genogens. Reorganizing humans has become the dominant ovarian drug, but the country has a pattern of co-existence for urine promotion and reorganization.
2.2.2 International markets mature and Merk and Mercado monopolize the global market, with global sales of recombinant ovarian hormones estimated at $1.19 billion in 2016, roughly the same as in 2007. Market compound growth is only -0.05% a year, and generally matures.
Two products, Gonal-f, and Puregon in Mercado, have in recent years occupied the bulk of the global reorganisation of the market for ovarian hormones. Gonaphine, launched in 1997 by Mercerino, has now been approved by more than 100 countries and territories around the world.
From 2007 to 2016, the sales volume of Gonaphine rose from about $590 million to $830 million, and the market share increased from 49.8% to 70.1%, an absolute dominant product of the current restructuring of the market for ovarian hormones. The Plycon pollinator was introduced in 1996 by the Dutch company Lan Ocanon, and three years later by the company. In 2007, the company was incorporated into the spirits.
In the period 2007-2016, the market performance of Precom fell from about $600 million to $360 million, and the market share fell from 50.3 per cent to 29.9 per cent. In terms of market size, our market for ovarian hormones grew steadily from 170 million dollars to 2007-2016.
Institutobiochimiquesa withdrew from the Chinese market and the overall growth rate fell slightly. By 2016, it had benefited from the effects of the birth control policy and the filling of the blank market, which had boosted the sale of ovarian hormones by 140 million yuan per annum, or 23 per cent more. From the market structure, domestic reorganizers had promoted co-existence between ovarian hormones and urinary ovary ovary hormones, among which the reorganizers had pushed ovulation hormones into occupation.
Because of the high technical barriers to reorganizing ovarians, the reorganizers pushed the domestic market for ovarians to be monopolized by imported products until the gold-suppliers market in 2015.
From 84.1% in 2007, it fell to 60.5%, but the domestic market is still dominated by a restructuring of the market for ovarian hormones. Competition in domestic firms has focused mainly on urinary ovarian hormone products, and in recent years the share of the Leather Group has risen from 0.3% in 2007 to 25.2% in 2016, the country’s largest ovarian production business.
The rate of infertility has been rising from year to year, and there are opportunities for development in the field of assisted reproduction. According to the relevant departments of the National Commission on the Security of the National Plan of Action, in 2016 there were nearly 45 million infertility patients in China, increasing at hundreds of thousands of times a year, and the number of infertility patients is rejuvenating.
According to data from the major maternity hospitals in Shanghai, the number of first obstetric consultations in 2016 was 57% higher than in the same period last year, and the proportion of people receiving infertility treatment was 5-15% higher than in the past. The annual market for ovarian hormones was about 2.8 billion yuan, covering around 300,000 patients.
More than 40 million people, about 50 per cent of whom are infertility, and 25 per cent of whom are infertility, can be inferred from the fact that the number of patients in need of ovary medicine in the country is about 5 million, compared with 6 per cent penetration of ovarians. At 10 per cent, the market for ovarian hormones is about $5 billion; at 20 per cent, the market for ovarian hormones is about 20 per cent.
With the advancement of the second-child policy and the increase in the use of ovarian hormones, we expect a fast-growing market for ovarian hormones, with a market space of between 5 and 10 billion tons. 2.2.4 Kimsai’s portable price advantage is expected to be replaced by imports, with peak sales or more than 1 billion yuan.
In 2015, the pharmaceutical industry launched the first national reorganizer, ovarian hormones -- Kinseyhein -- breaking the domestic restructuring of human ovarian ovarians that have long been dependent on imports. The domestic reorganisation of ovarian ovarian hormones is also being developed by Chiru Pharmaceuticals, Conning Jerry, and Kincay Organisms.
Tate's subsidiary, the Doo Kinkay Biology, is in the process of approving clinical batches for long-lived water and short-lived powder needles, the faster being Chilu Pharmaceuticals and Cunninger. Conning Jerry's long-acting water needles and Chiru Pharmaceutical short-acting pins received clinical batches in 2015, and Conning Jerry's short-acting water needles are still in the clinical trial stage.
In terms of import registration, there are currently three companies that issue short-lived water needles, the fastest of which is in the production review stage, and are expected to be listed in 2018 as soon as possible, i.e., company reorganizers are expected to compete well over the next three to five years, with significant price advantages, future import substitution periods, peak sales, or more than $1 billion.
As the bidding process progresses, the re-engineering of ovarian hormone products is expected to boost the second growth of the pharmaceutical industry, and we expect that the company will be able to borrow Kinsing to repeat the re-organizeer's growth hormone import substitution history, assuming that the company gets a 20% share of the domestic market, and that the product peaks to be sold or will exceed $1 billion.
300 grams of biology: industry warming + profit increases, with 100 grams performing well over the next two years.
The volume of vaccines issued by the company began to stabilize. But in 2016, affected by the Shandong vaccine incident, the number of vaccines issued by the company declined significantly in the first half of the year, resumed in the second half, and the overall performance in 2016 was better than expected, with a final figure of 25: 100 grams of net bioprofits and acceleration in 2012-2016
In order to further regulate and reduce the risks of the vaccine circulation industry, the State amended the Regulations on the Administration of Vaccine Circulation and Preventive Vaccination to introduce a single vote for the operation of type II seedlings.
After winning the bid at the provincial tender platform, the producing companies were directed to the county CDCs, eliminating the intermediate flow chain, eliminating the price additions, and, as a result of the cold-chain transportation, the average price in the industry generally rose, according to our research into the profitability of the vaccine industry, which was significantly enhanced. 3.2 Aphic vaccine: the national share was first, and exports from India and South-East Asia opened up space.
Pepsi is an acute infectious disease caused by the first infection of the zillion-banded herpe virus (vzv), which is dominated by the presence of transvestites, herpes and herpes in heat, skin, and mucous formations. Pepsi is highly contagious and is transmitted mainly through respiratory tracts or direct contact, and infants and pre-school children are more susceptible to infection than adults, but adults suffer more than children.
The vaccine is the most widely used vaccine, which was developed in 1974 by the High Bridge Research Group in Japan. It is characterized by a small number of vaccinations, which can be achieved only once for those under 12 years of age.
It is possible to recover poison in humans as a result of a reverse mutation, and once prepared, using physical or chemical means to kill the virus, two to three doses are often required before protective immunization can be produced. There is no significant difference in the effect of reducing and extinguishing water pox in terms of increasing specific immunizations, but the use of a detoxification vaccine is still high.
At present, domestic approvals of chicken pox are all live detoxification vaccines, but companies have a strong competitive edge for an antiglute pox detoxification vaccine, exclusive dry protection agent, maximum global validity: bh-2 freeze protection agent with autonomous intellectual property rights, effective solution to the problem of high drop-rate stability of pox vaccine, the first 36-month validity period approved globally.
The company produced the first vaccine successfully removed from the country, and the infection with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich with the ostrich.
The incidence of allergies associated with this can be significantly reduced by comparison with the seedlings. 3.2.1 The domestic market space for chicken pox vaccine is $2.8 billion, with steady growth, with companies accounting for a high rate of growth compared to the country ' s market for pox vaccine until 2010, with batch issuance of pox vaccine for 2007-2010
In 2016, as a result of the Shandong vaccine incident, the country’s bulk issuance fell to 1.343 million, a corresponding growth rate of 28%. As the negative impact of Shandong’s vaccine incident is gradually eliminated, the market for the pox vaccine is gradually stabilizing.
In terms of pattern, following the withdrawal of GlaxoSchuck from the Chinese market in 2011, the market for water pox vaccine was dominated by 100 grams of life, Changchun, and 100 grams of life over Jingchung became the largest company in the market for water pox vaccine, accounting for 32% of the market in 2016. In recent years, the coverage rate for water pox vaccine has increased and the market for water pox vaccine has stabilized.
The average winning price for vaccines is 139 yuan/budgets, 1 per person under 12 years of age, and in 2016 the market was around 10,000 people. The corresponding market space for vaccines was about 2.8 billion yuan per person for children under 12 years of age. 3.2.2 The breakthrough in exports from India and South-East Asia is expected to open up the company ' s capacity to grow.
The company completed the registration and bulk export of the Indian market in 2016, and Indonesia’s registered testing plant was completed. India is a large population country, with about 27 million newborns in recent years, a vaccination process of two needles, and a theoretical market of about three times the size of the country.
China is India’s main importer of chicken pox, supplied mainly by long-spring, long-spring and companies. We simply estimate that India can generate more than 500,000 to 1 million incremental markets for companies, which are expected to continue to increase their performance through export emissions, and that overseas markets may open up room for company vaccine growth as the markets of emerging countries in India and South-East Asia expand.
3.3 rabies vaccine: rabies are being gradually restored, waiting for the freezing dry agent type to be listed on the market. rabies are an acute infectious disease caused by an animal bite, clinically manifested as a specific fear of water, fear of wind, osteoporosis, sexual paralysis, etc., and nearly 100 per cent of rabies suffer from a lack of effective treatment for rabies.
The disease still lacks effective treatment, but it can be very effective in preventing this from happening if a rabies vaccine is administered within a very short period of time. The rabies vaccine consists of three main types: progenital cell vaccine, double human cell vaccine and progeny. Progenital cell vaccine: extracted from animal cells, prepared cells have no mutation of genetic material, but it is possible to sense it.
External substances, such as bacteria, are almost phased out in the country, with very low coverage. Double human cell vaccine: murc-5 culture virus with fetal pulmonary cell strains, high safety, “gold standard” rabies vaccine recommended by the World Health Organization. Double human cell disease due to difficult production and high prices.
The market for seedlings is concentrated in the developed world, where the intergenerational-cell vaccine: the kidney cells initially extracted from African green monkeys can be produced on a large scale by bioreactors, with higher prices, is the most widely used rabies vaccine in the country.
3.3.1 The country is dominated by vero cells and the market for rabies is estimated to be 3.2-4.5 billion yuan, and the number of rabies issued has declined significantly since the Shandong vaccine incident. From the point of view of the convergence, the rabies issued have remained in total between 13 and 18 million, with a significant recovery in the industry expected in 2017.
Vero rabies vaccine has maintained a market rate of about 90% in 2007-2016, the country’s largest vaccine coverage. The double-digit vaccine is produced only in Chengdu Condao, which has not been issued in the short and medium term owing to the difficulty of producing it, and the domestic market is still dominated by vero cells.
The share of the industry has been more than 87%. For the last five years, big organisms have been the first to maintain their market share continuously, albeit slightly refined, but in 2016 they still accounted for 26.5%. For the last five years, the market share of the two companies, Quantico, Long Spring, grew by more than 15%, which is 250 yuan per person, based on the average winning price of rabies vaccine in 2017, and 13-18 million copies.
The size of the country’s rabies vaccine market is estimated to be 3.2-4.5 billion yuan. In 2015, China’s number of pets exceeded 150 million and grew at an average annual rate of 12 per cent. The demand for rabies vaccine will grow relative to the demand for rabies vaccine.
The company’s subsidiary, McFon, produces rabies vaccines for the vero-type rabies, which are now widely used in the domestic market. Multiple patients injected rabies in 2013 with adverse post-vaccination reactions, resulting in a continuous contraction in the total issuance of rabies vaccines by companies in 2014 and 2015.
Following the resolution of the process, corporate rabies vaccine was released in 2016, with a year-on-year increase of +511%. In January 2017, the company obtained a batch of vero rabies vaccine products that was extended to 18 months, and the process of bidding is under way.
The new generation of frozen rabies vaccine powders, currently in clinical trials, is expected to be marketed between 2019 and 2020, and to be marketed after or after 4 Chinese medicine and high-real estates: Chinese medicine and real estate are growing steadily.
4.1 The Chinese medicine industry: a steady growth of existing products, with attention to the progress of new medicines of group 1.1 for human soap. Gilling Wacang Pharmaceuticals Ltd. was established in 1990 to produce, inter alia, pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets, pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary capsules, coronary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary tablets, silver flower rinses, sensory capsules, liver-care capsules, etc., for the period 2012-2016.
In the last two years, the impact of health insurance costs and lower prices for products have led to a decline in the company’s net profits over the last two years. In the face of policy pressure from the Chinese pharmaceutical manufacturing industry, companies have taken the initiative to reform their marketing systems, and revenues and net profits in 2016 are steadily increasing. We believe that the company’s current product will remain stable.
At present, there are three clinical studies under way in the Chinese pharmaceutical industry. Of these, the pseudo-soaped gq and its injection fluids are the first new 1.1 chemical drug developed by the company in collaboration with Gilling University, with the function of enhancing myocardial muscles and treating myocardial ischaemic blood.
A new application for adaptive treatment is under way as a national priority, and it is expected that a new collection will be made available to the company after approval.