We're going to continue to watch Changchun's six-monthly review of Changchun's medical operation.
Lee Ping-hoon realized a net profit of $273 million, or 27.59 per cent, from the non-repatriation of the mother.
In the first half of the year, there was a full acceleration in the pharmaceutical business: a total revenue of $1,554 million, an increase in the same year (+50.27 per cent), and an increase in the Māori rate of 1.68 pp. According to subsidiary splitting, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry achieved a net profit of RMB 946 million (+50.78 per cent) and a net profit of $348 million (+56.73 per cent) as a result of this increase.
As a result of the company ' s continued increase in the sale of growth hormones and the increase in the use of medicines by patients, 100-gram organisms achieved $303 million (+12.712 per cent) and net profit of $63 million (+60.58 per cent), mainly as a result of low and high prices for vaccines, and continued good operating conditions;
The pharmaceutical industry achieved $306 million (+11.72 per cent) and net profits of $19 million (+17.37 per cent), mainly as a result of the acceleration of the company’s first-line end-market development. In addition, real estate operations and park projects have yet to be opened, resulting in the first half of the year’s closing and lower revenue recognition.
On the financial side, financial costs increased by 26.64 per cent over the same period; sales costs increased by 64.58 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the increase in income from the pharmaceutical business during the reporting period; and operating cash flows increased by the same amount, while avoiding the technological risks of the 100-gram pharmaceutical industry ' s existing research and development path and avoiding corporate vaccines
The industry competes, the company withdraws its investment in the 100-gram pharmaceutical industry, which will hold 60 per cent of its shares in the agreed amount of $1.3 million.
(i) Growth growth in growth hormones, with strong dominance: assessment of new events in the long spring heights of 1.217-06-14: new specifications for growth hormones and adaptation; consolidation of stock markets with increased use of medicines by patients; expansion of market coverage at the local level
Markets, corporate growth hormonal performance are growing faster, and corporate dominance is strong. The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry is the country’s first-quarter review of the 2.2017-04-25 Springs: the pharmaceutical industry is better than expected, leading companies with growth hormone products, the most complete life, including needles, water needles and long-lasting effects.
3.2017-03-03 Long Spring High Depth Report: Entering a new round of fast-paced and long-term biopharmaceutical taps 4.2017-03-01 Long Spring High New Year Report: Vaccine performance is better than expected.
Hormones contributed about $900 million, an increase of about 50 per cent over the same period, mainly through the expansion of the sales team to cover the life of the drug, and the report of the new high-point evaluation of the 5.2017-01-25 spring: the biological head of the accelerated growth
At the same time, considering that corporate growth hormones are increasing by about 60% in the first quarter, and by about 50% in the first half of the year, we believe that patients who use new drugs during the winter break continue to use them in the second quarter, and that their clients are more sticky. According to statistics, in January-May 2017, in the sample hospital, in the middle of the gold race.
The situation in the hormonal incremental market attests to the firm ' s strong dominance of growth hormones. Figure 1. Fold growth hormone sales and acceleration in sample hospitals in May 2015-2017
During the reporting period, the new specifications for growth hormones and the expansion of new adaptive disorders moved rapidly, with long-lasting clinical progress moving well. The following advances were made in the expansion of growth hormone products during the reporting period: (1) the expansion of new adaptive disorders of the water pin type was rapid.
In the reporting period, noonan syndrome and shox defect syndrome, pw syndrome and ckd adaptive disorders were admitted to the iii phase of the clinical process. Although the four above-mentioned adaptive conditions together accounted for less than 5% of the child causes of the shortness of the disease, the release or rapid entry of the clinical trial into the iii phase was not only effective.
Controls the cost of research and development while verifying the safety attributes of the product. In addition, water needles have been approved to add a one-time pre-infusion seal specification (4.5 u/ / ) ... to further simplify the patient's operational steps to improve ease and dependencies. (2) The powder type has been added a 12 iu specification, which reinforces the competitive advantage. As the annual treatment costs of the needles are significantly lower than the water needles (1.6 - 25,000 / vs 4.5 - 67,000 / year).
The income level of the group of patients is relatively low or higher, while the prices of large-scale products are usually lower in units, such as the current Anko 16iu-specific powder unit, which sells less than the market’s entire 10iu-specific powder. Although the company’s 12iu-specific powder needles are still slightly less than Anke’s, the strategic position of the company’s needles can reinforce the competitive edge of the market (3).
The long-acting type successfully entered the Pharmacy Procurement Directory in Fujian province during the reporting period, and the winning bid did not differ significantly from other winning provinces and cities. Given the stringent price reductions in the Pharmacy Procurement tender in Fujian province, it is sufficient to validate the company ' s growth hormone long-acting model in selected provinces and cities.
And growth hormones are the only medicine used to treat children with small sizes caused by non-recurring diseases, and the country currently has about 7 million children in treatment windows, with less than 2% treatment, and the market is far from saturated. (2) Growth hormones are mostly outdoor prescriptions and are not affected by the drug ratio.
Followed by prescriptions to children’s hospitals or hospital-side clinics, it is not subject to strict hospital regulations. (3) The short-term market for water needles is difficult to capture. In the hands of domestic competition, Anko biowater needles are the most advanced and are currently in the clinical trial statistical analysis and preparation stage for declaration of production, and are expected to be marketed at the end of the 18th year.
The company is expected to have a limited impact on the company, taking into account the limited academic outreach capacity of foreign companies in the country and higher sales prices. (4) Long-acting iv beds have been secured on schedule, further entrenching dominance. The company’s long-acting agent is expected to generate about 150 million yuan a year.
With the end of August, a clinical trial of the 4-stage period will be completed, laying a solid foundation for follow-up academic outreach and advance to the European and American markets, and will continue to be flexible. (5) The sales team will be continuously expanded, a complete paediatric growth diagnostic model will be established, and market coverage will be expanded. The company’s growth hormones, based on its own marketing model, now cover one of the most developed cities in the country, will continue to expand its sales.
At the same time, the company will explore and develop a fully fledged model of child growth and development, using the model of the Xin Hospital as a model, and will take the lead in building and copying successful models in the Jiangzi and Pearl Delta regions. (ii) Reorganizing the human-promoting ovarian hormone bidding process is well under way, with import substitution periods.
The reorganisation of ovarian hormones was well under way during the reporting period. The domestic market for ovarian hormones was concentrated in specialist assisted reproductive hospitals. In 2016, according to statistics, Merk Shelano's reorganizers held about 70% of the market share and there was room for import substitution.
According to the compilation, the company’s products have been won in 15 provinces and cities, including Fujian, Chongqing, Shanghai, Nemon, Shanxi, with an average price slightly lower than that of the Sherano-specific product. We believe that, although market competition is more pressing in the short term because of the doctor’s habit of medicine, the company’s products have the first analogue and price advantage and are expected to be replicated in the future.
A successful model of long hormone import substitution, which captures the share of the domestic market. Sales revenue is expected to be around $50 million for the entire year 2017.
Man for ovarians - the fake medicine industry - man for ovarians - Merk for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - Merk for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovarians - man for ovin
The international market for urinated ovarians - ibsa (iii) has expanded well and the ferocious seedling process has continued to improve steadily.
During the reporting period, the new printing of the rabies vaccine was agreed to issue a letter of approval, a key step in the registration of the market, followed by the successful registration of the Indonesian market through a sample test. The first products of the 18-month period of the rabies vaccine were issued in June, marking the stability and magnification of the production process of the dysentery.
At the same time, according to the data of the Institute, the quarterly issuance of the company ' s pox vaccine and the rabies vaccine decreased significantly in the first half of the year and was equal in the second quarter, while the issuance of the rabies vaccine declined in the first quarter and in the second quarter, which we consider to be the result of the company ' s production and marketing arrangements.
Figure 7.2017h1 vs. 2016h1 company rabies vaccine batch issuance (million bottles) We believe that future corporate vaccine operations will continue to improve: (1) water pox vaccine continues to open international markets and is expected to accelerate its release. The company has completed the registration of India, Nigeria, Indonesia is about to complete its registration, Guatemala is in progress.
Registration in Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand, etc., is expected to be further realized in the future through sustained expansion of the international market; (2) the Mai Fung rabies vaccine production process has stabilized and the market is expected to recover gradually. The first batch of 18-month-old products from the modified Mai Fungvero tycoon process has been issued, marking the gradual stabilization of the product production process, with a combination of frozen dry powders.
Production is expected to be announced in December this year. The current Nose Influenza iii Clinic has completed vaccination for all volunteers, the probability of completing field work at all three vaccination sites in July, and production is scheduled to be declared by the end of the year. The company will work to ensure the smooth passage of the product declarations, etc., and to synchronize the construction of new workshops to ensure that the Nose Influenza vaccine and the city in the morning fill in the domestic influenza nostrils.
(iv) The development of the terminal market for the Hlacon industry has accelerated and continued to perform well during the reporting period. The main products of the Hlacon pharmaceutical industry have continued to perform well during the reporting period.
Revenues have increased to varying degrees, with large streptococcal pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary particles, liver-care capsules, blood strangulation capsules, etc., still in the dominant position, and end-exploitation rates have continued to increase. Other small pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary pulmonary particles, hepatic capsules, blood strangulation capsules, etc. have also continued to increase in marketing and sales.
The clinical research on the increased adaptive iii of the octopus was initiated in an orderly manner, the development of large varieties of the ecstasy was well under way, and the preliminary results of the evidence-based clinical study of the ecstasy were reported. (v) Production ladders were rich, and research and development of a large number of heavy-pound products was well under way.
The company's product ladder was rich, and the company's research and development of a large number of heavy-pound products was well under way during the reporting period. The company's research and development of new medicines/new adaptive disorders went well during the reporting period, with some of the heavy-pound products moving forward as follows: Esseina needles are in a state where new drugs are pending approval, growth hormone water needles are new adaptive development, long-acting clinical trials of type iv and nose influenza vaccine iii.
At the same time, two heavy pounds of company-long microball technology platforms were approved for clinical treatment in March and June, respectively. The Olympus microballs are a large potential variety, and the country's gold competition alone has been approved for clinical trials, and the market is very promising.
(sandostatin) is an original research product of Novartis Shandez, listed in 1987 with fda approval, and in 1994 in China. Orthopaedics have a similar effect to natural internal growth inhibitors and have a strong and long-lasting effect, mainly for treatment of ulcers and haemorrhage in emergency digestive tracts, heavy acute pancreatic inflammation, secretive neoplasms in the digestive system, hemorrhaging of edible veins,
According to the Novartis annual report, in 2016, 1.64 billion United States dollars were collected and sales were stable.
The country’s market is dominated by Novartis. Only the gold race has now been approved to conduct a clinical study of the octopus microball. We believe that companies have a technical advantage in long-acting agent-type research and development, and are experienced and interested in import substitution, and that if Occleon succeeds in the market, it is likely that it will take its share of the market for imported products.
The global sales of trauprilyn microballs have grown steadily, and the country has not yet entered the market, and the competition has been better. Tuprilyn is an artificial 10-polymer similar to the natural hormones that release hormones. It is used mainly for prostate cancers, endometomas, and amplomas, and it can also be used for in vitro fertilization. The trauprillin microball is developed and marketed by ipsen.
The emitter type, which has been growing steadily since it was listed, has achieved $340 million in 2016. At present, the long-acting product is not listed in the country, and the trauphryn market is still dominated by imported products.
We believe that the company’s development of trauprilyn microballs is on the first stage, and that it has not been expected to use the platform to synergize the marketing and release of its products. The company is the domestic leader of biopharmaceuticals, and we believe that genetic engineering has been able to sustain high growth: growth hormone needles.
Large-scale varieties help to consolidate competitive advantages; water needle channels have a clear advantage, and research and development for new adaptive disorders have advanced rapidly, contributing to further product volumes; long-lived monolithic types, with a iv-stage clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels contributing to high product growth. Reorganizing human-induced ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production is expected to lead to import substitution.
The rabies vaccine is on the way to the international market, and rabies vaccine will be lost through process modification and agent upgrading. Medium- herbicide performance is expected to overcome the negative impact of industrial policies and achieve modest growth. Corporate real estate will also continue to grow steadily. We're going up, long-acting growth hormone iv clinically less than anticipated, man-driven ovarian hormone markets will not be expanded as expected, and vaccines will be safe.
Risks and policy risks, research and development of new medicines have fallen short of expectations.