The speed of performance is up, biopharmaceuticals are strong, long springs are new, long springs are new, long springs are new.
The growth in corporate income and profits slowed slightly as a result of changes in marketing strategies. Beginning in 2016, with the expansion of company sales inputs, the spread of new products such as long-acting growth hormones and ovarians, the treatment rate is currently only 4%, the domestic potential market for growth hormones is over 20 billion, and the gold medallion product is excellent.
There are currently fewer than 40,000 children receiving rhgh treatment, with a treatment rate of only 4 per cent, and the water needles and long-acting agent types of the subsidiary Kimsai Pharmacy are the exclusive type in the current market, followed by research and development of total equity/circulation units (million shares)
The market will continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with a marked advantage for the company's products.
As the country's only domestic recombinant ovulation, a good reputation for growth hormones and good marketing, it's now the only country in the world that's been able to recombinate ovary bubbles.
The company is expected to replicate its historical trends in the substitution of growth hormone water needles for imports, along with the progressive development of potential markets. (ii) The company ' s follow-up research and development pipelines, including the heavy-pound varieties of Ethernapes, the Nose Influenza vaccine and the frozen dry rabies vaccine, will be marketed within one to two years.
Marketing, contributing to the company’s performance, in the context of the good business of current growth hormones, adds to the company’s high growth performance, corporate profitability projections and investment ratings. We expect the company’s revenue score for 2017-2019.
The source of financial growth in the East, the depth of the Eung Hing bond report, Changchun's Quixin (000661: performance up, biopharmaceutical champions are always strong.
Investment highlights and valuation discussions: Starting with the volume of new products such as increased sales of inputs, long-acting growth hormones and ovarian bulges, corporate performance is high.
The domestic growth hormone market, which currently stands at only 4%, has a potential market of more than 20 billion people. There are at least 1 million children who need drugs every year, and there are currently fewer than 40,000 children who actually receive rhgh treatment.
People, with a treatment rate of only 4%, with a minimum cost of at least 20-30 thousand needle treatments, growth hormones have a market space of more than 20 billion people, and the only enterprises with a pink needle, a water needle, and a long-acting exclusive whole-pack. The company is currently the only one on the market.
There are significant advantages in the quality of products and the price system for sales in the market for production of growth hormone powders, water needles and long-acting agents, and in recent years the company has increased its sales efforts by: 1) more than 900 people through the workforce year. 2) the layout of the end-of-life children’s hospital, which carries out the control end-of-sales terminal. 3) the introduction of the full-container needle pen.
The growth hormones follow with fewer products, and it can be expected that companies will have a very good competition bureau and a competitive environment for a long time to come. The fastest progress has been made, in addition to the No and Nord needles that have now been approved for sale on the market.
It's the growth hormone product of Ancobs, which we expect to produce in the near future, and it's going to be on the market from the end of 18 to the beginning of 19 years, and it's going to be in the clinical iii phase, at least two to three years later. For the next two to three years, though Noor and Nord and Anco will also have the same water needles.
On the market, but given the current large market share ratio and the obvious advantages of a long-acting exclusive agent type, Kinsey is still in the position of a domestic growth hormone hegemon. The potential product mix and price strategy for the future is to build a super-competitive core, growth hormones are non-medical and consumption-upgrading products, with different levels of product prices.
Not much, high-level products will have stronger market attractions, such as historical competition for needles and water needles, and if a large number of needle products are marketed, companies will be able to sustain them with a long-acting mix of flexible price strategies.
The company’s heavy weight products, long-lived growth hormone products and ovarians, were listed in 2014 and 2015, respectively, and are still at the stage of market incubators, with good branding and marketing channels for the company, which will in the future increase the company’s performance; and the company’s focus on R & D inputs, which account for the revenues generated by R & D in recent years.
There is a gradual increase in the rate of entry; the next step in research and development is a good one, and it is expected that the snail flu vaccine, Ethena, frozen dry rabies, etc. will be the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The pharmaceutical industry, as the leader of the country's genetic engineering drug, deserves high valuations when growth hormones continue to rise upwards. We estimate that the gold pharmaceutical industry will maintain a compound acceleration of about 30% over the next three years, driven by the performance of the gold pharmaceutical industry, with the company's overall valuation for 18-19 years of 26x and 21x, respectively, compared to historical valuations.
The former valuation was relatively low. Using the segment valuation method, given the domestic dominance of corporate growth hormones and the rapid growth and huge market space, the 100-gram biopox market has grown steadily, and the future frozen dry rabies are expected to take over the stock market and value the plate by 25 times.
1. The pharmaceutical plate is the main industry and the genetic engineering drug-led high-growth company, which landed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996, is the first listed company in the northeast region.
The producer is the People ' s Government of Changchun City, and the company ' s main business now consists of genetic engineering drugs (Kinse Pharmacy), vaccines (100 grams), production and sale of Chinese medicine (Hlacon Pharmacy), supported by real estate development (high new property), property management, and the company ' s equity structure and major subsidiaries.
Since its inception, the company has gradually established a development centred on the pharmaceutical plate, with genetic engineering drugs. The company’s main products in the field of genetic engineering drugs include growth hormone powders, water needles, and newly approved long-acting growth hormones, while reorganizing human-promotion ovarians in the field of assisted reproductive medicine are one of the company’s potential varieties; and vaccine plates.
The water pox vaccine and the rabies vaccine are also expected to bring a steady increase in corporate performance. East’s financial booms, the long springs and highs (000661): performance ups, and biopharmaceuticals are always strong.
Table 1: Key products of the multi-purpose business panels in Changchun, Changchun, Figure 3: Corporate operating income, 2007-16
In terms of corporate net profits as a whole, net profits are gradually increasing, but at an increasing rate, as measured by the structure of high new real estate and 100 grams of biology, the income-end gene engineering drug + traditional vaccine plate income ratio has gradually increased, from 07 to 07, with a Māori share of the company's business plates in 2007:
2. The Golden Race Medicines industry: the growth hormone whole product plus the growth of ovarians continues to grow at a high rate 2.1. The domestic market for growth hormones is booming
2.1.1 History of growth hormone development: Technology + product upgrading The human-source growth hormone (gh) was applied to clinical applications in the 1950s, and there was no large-scale clinical promotion after it was derived from the probate of the probate, which was difficult to extract and prone to mixing with substances such as viruses and other pituitary hormones.
People are gradually beginning to produce growth hormones using chemosynthesis and gene recombinant methods, and the GMT Genetic Reorganization Act was industrialized in 1981. The recombinant growth hormones produced by GET (commercially called somatrem) contain 192 amino acids, one more amino acid than the natural structure, used in the human body later.
To effectively address the post-drug antibodies problem, Quilé and Nord developed 191 growth hormones for amino acids, but due to still different natural structures, antibody yields are higher and can easily be introduced into impurities leading to an allergy reaction.
The growth hormones listed in the 1980s were very low because of the use of recombinant synthesis techniques in mammals, but they are currently used by a few producers because of the possible introduction of the mad cow virus. In the 1990s, coliforms were used for the production of growth hormones, with similar amino acid sequences, low resistance rates and good bioactivity.
At present, it is used by most of the leading international producers. From the end of the twentieth century to the beginning of the twenty-first century, manufacturers began research and development.
The episodic disease is clinically a child's disease and clinically manifested as a significantly lower height than the average height of a child of the same sex and age (below the two standard deviations of average height or the third percentile), its causes and symptoms.
Dwarf disease has a complex pathology, mainly growth hormone deficiency (grovethhormonedecciency, ghd), epigenesis (idiopathicshortstate, iss), turner syndrome (turnersyndrome).
Endocrine diseases are the leading cause of hypodynamy, mainly the lack of growth hormones, which are a single chain released by pre-cerebral locomotive acid cells.
Protein hormones, consisting of 191 amino acid residues, are the most abundant hormones in the glands (about 50% of the total). Growth in body height is regulated by the ghocococococococococococococcal heterogenesis of the hypothalamus-trillus axle growth axis, which has a growth-enhancing effect in two ways:
(1) Osteoporosis: gh irritation of the liver to release the insulin sample growth factor (igf-1) in bone cells (or gh directly in bone cells), stimulating growth of the osteoporosis and skeletal skeletal skeletal enrichment (2) Metabolism: gh promotes the transfer of amino acids into cells, stimulating an increase in the synthesis of dna and na in cells,
gh also stimulates the release of liver igf-1, which inhibits protein decomposition, and the combined effect of increasing protein synthesis to form a positive nitrogen balance.
Grow hormones play a decisive role in human growth, protein synthesis, bone growth, metabolism, and are now the most important form of growth hormone treatment in the treatment of dwarfism.
Table 2: Specific treatments for Dwarf Disorders 2.2 Golden Race Medicines: National Growth Hormones Dragons: The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Development History: The Golden Race Medicines Industry was established in 1996 as the largest genetic engineering pharmaceutical enterprise in the country
In 1998, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry invented the gene-restructuring secretion technology, and the first recombinant growth hormone pollinator in the listed country successfully filled the domestic void. In 2005, the Golden Racers developed the recombinant human growth hormone non-crystal protein stabilization technology to address growth hormone instability in water solutions.
In 2008, the company was listed as the only gel agent in the world with a national patented new drug, rhgm-csf. In 2014, the gold racing pharmaceutical industry created polyethylene growth hormone supplety, which led to the launch of Global Number One.
A long-acting recombinant growth hormone, patented by three national inventions, achieved international initiative, ended recent years around the world, with the first domestic re-marketing of ovarian hormones, Kim Saihein, which addressed the source of the long-term dependence on imports of ovarians.
The gold track drug industry, a new core subsidiary of Changchun, has grown rapidly in recent years. The net profit compound increased by 53% in 09-13, and the company’s revenues and profits increased by 30% in 13-15 as a result of changes in marketing strategies.
Figure 9: Corporate income and net profits in recent years and projections of profits over the next three years
Figure 10: The 16-year gold racing pharmaceutical industry accounts for more than 80% of corporate sales from the product structure of the gold racing pharmaceutical industry. Corporate growth hormones include the powder, water needles, and three types of long-acting, of which water needles and long-acting are the exclusive type in the current market.
2.5iu/0.85 mg/1.0ml/bottle 2.2.1 only 4 per cent of the country ' s children are treated for dwarf diseases and the future market space for growth hormones is huge
According to the Chinese Medical Association, the number of children aged 200 million and the number of children in need of treatment is about 6 million; it is assumed that the treatment per capita will last for two years (as stated in the Guide for Short-sized Children, compiled by the Chinese Medical Science Society for Disaggregated Genetic Metabolism).
The growth hormone treatment should not be less than 1-2 years old and can be used from 3-year-olds) and, at the current rate of neonatal increment, the number of new infections per year is 500,000 per year, plus a two-year treatment period, with at least 1 million children in need of a useful drug per year, while less than 40,000 are currently actually treated for R-hgh, with only one treatment rate.
Four per cent, at least 20-30 million per person per year, and the potential market space for growth hormones amounts to 20 billion per year. Table 5: Comparison of growth hormone treatment costs. Growth hormone products are expected to expand the market space with the expansion of adaptive conditions.
In the future, as new adaptive conditions expand, domestic growth hormones are expected to expand the market space further. East’s financial and intellectual booms, long springs and highs (000661): performance ups and biopharmaceuticals are always strong.
Table 6: Comparison of the treatment of growth hormones in Central America, growth hormone deficiency in children, growth hormone deficiency in children
The lack of growth hormones due to chronic kidney insufficiency, severe burns, and iv infection-resilient failure syndrome.
The growth hormones caused by hypothalamus, Turner syndrome, lack of symptoms.
Adult growth hormone deficiency, shox gene deficiency, prader-willi syndrome
Nunan's syndrome is smaller than the birth age.
Short intestine syndrome Short shox gene deficiency 2.2.2 Growth hormone competition is good, import substitution is complete, Kingsai is still in control.
The domestic growth hormonal market is characterized by a high level of competition, including nine such as Kinsey, Anko, United Sal, Kohing, Hilde, Merklano, lig, etc. Water needles are currently in gold and Nord (unlisted, expected to be marketed by the end of 17) and long-lasting effects are currently produced only by one in Kinsai.
Table 7: Domestic growth hormone drug producers The advantage of domestic firms in the production of growth hormones is clear, and import substitution is complete.
13% of the year, and Shelano announced her exit from the domestic market in 2014, and the market after her exit was largely dominated by the gold pins. In the first year of the world in 14 years, Kimsai’s long-lived growth hormone needles were on the market, and the company is now actively promoting the market for long-lived growth hormones.
Threatened, but we believe that with years of market accumulation and long-acting advantage, the gold race will continue to lead the country’s producers to a large part of the country’s financial and intellectual boom, followed by fewer competitions, and the gold race will remain dominant in the short term.
See, in addition to the No and Nord needles that are currently being approved for sale, the fastest progress is the growth hormone products of Anco-organisms. Anco-bio-water pins are expected to be declared for production in the near future, at the end of the 18-year period until the beginning of the 19th century, while Anco-organisms' long-lived water needles are currently in the clinical ii phase and will be listed at least in the future.
Two to three years later. Although Nord and Nord and Anke will be on the market for the next two to three years, Kinsey is still home to the country's growth hormones, given the current larger market share and the obvious advantages of a long-acting exclusive agent type.
The source of financial growth in the East: the upturn in performance and the persistence of biopharmacists, due to the huge market space for growth hormones, the current low penetration rate within the country, accompanied by the continued expansion of the water needle market and the expansion of the water needle market.
Figure 10: Revenue from sales at the growth hormone sample hospital 2.2.3 The market for golden pins has expanded further, with a strong long-acting agent-type advantage
The pollinator was highly competitive in the domestic market for products, with nine products, especially the water-coupled products of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, listed in 05. Although the market as a whole continued to grow, its share in the overall growth hormone market declined gradually, from 71 per cent in 2010 to around 40 per cent in 2016, and will expand in the future as the long-acting market expands.
The market share of needles will decline further. Figure 13: The market sales of water needles will tend to increase over time, and water needles will have a greater advantage over powders.
The advantages are also clear: ensuring the natural structure of growth hormones; not producing antibodies and higher activity; and better ensuring the safety and clinical efficacy of medications. And water needles do not need to dilute direct injections at the time of injection, they have easy-to-use features, and they are a source of financial growth in the East.
The price of water needles is about two to three times the price of the needles, and the service groups are relatively high-levelized, but the market is expected to expand further as the country ' s inhabitants grow to a higher standard of living and the price disadvantages are slowly being eliminated, and Kinsey, as the only producer of needles and needles currently on the market, is expected to expand further.
Table 9: The advantages of water needles compared to needles are shown on the global market for monoparent growth hormones, with a strong agent-type advantage. The Golden Pharmacy Industry, which received a certificate in September 2014 from a group of growth hormone injection fluids, became the only global marketed long-lived growth hormones.
The development of hormones has effectively addressed patients' dependence. The lack of growth hormones in patients receiving recombinant growth hormone treatments, the dependence on given treatment programmes is a major factor affecting clinical efficacy, such as the frequency of medications, injection equipment, and injection pain.
The introduction of soli has reduced the frequency of injections, coupled with the introduction of injection pens, reduced the incidence of injection pain, reduced the incidence of adverse reactions, and significantly increased patients ' dependence.
The theoretical basis for effectiveness and effectiveness is the continued expansion of the sales force of 2.2.4 in order to provide strong support for further academic outreach and future expansion of the European and American markets, and the gradual increase in market promotion in the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry over the last two years, which we believe has been expanding in recent years.
The changes include, inter alia, the following: 1) The success of team optimization has been significant, and sales personnel have continued to expand 2) the end-of-life children ' s hospital, which has introduced the control end-of-sales terminal 3), and the promotion of patient dependence and injection facilitation. Through team optimization, sales personnel have continued to expand.
The company has adapted its marketing strategy to achieve significant performance in team optimization and steadily increased sales revenues, while sales personnel have continued to expand to the end-of-the-life children’s hospital to control sales terminals. By participating in the establishment of the hospital management company, the gold-spill industry has improved marketing channels through the acquisition of private hospitals, such as Chongqing, which is controlled by the company’s company’s company-owned Kim Ping High Hospital Management Limited.
The Golden Child Paediatric Hospital has led to an increase in corporate performance and terminal growth. Figure 14: Staffing of the growth hormone team
The introduction of the injection pen has provided patients with a more comprehensive therapeutic solution.
2.3 Pulse ovulation: The next billion-grade product 2.3.1 Increase in the number of infertilitys, the market for assisted reproductive medicines, the increasing incidence of infertility in recent years, which is a common problem affecting couples of childbearing age and a global recovery
According to data published by the Chinese Population Association, there are thousands of rich and prosperous Eastern couples of childbearing age in China. The implementation of the comprehensive two-child policy will also lead to more infertility among women, who will be born in accordance with the national health plan.
The Board estimated that 90 million women in China would be able to give birth to a second child after the second child policy was implemented, and that more pregnant women would need assisted reproductive treatment. A study conducted by the University of China and South China on 37,777 infertility couples found that the simple female factor in the causes of the disease was approximately the same.
50% male and 25% male, respectively. Female infertility is dominated by tubal/basket abdominal changes (panic inflammation due to induced abortion or an unclean habit of living, or vaginal vaginal/intrauterine hysteria) and abnormal ovulation functions (most patients have abnormal endocrine conditions, including reduced ovarian fsh,
The osteoporosis of the osteoporosis is high, fsh/lh is inverted, resulting in ovarian maturation disorder and non-ovulation, causing lower reproductive capacity) 20% of these diseases are due to ovulation abnormalities, which currently accounts for 5-7.5 million women patients with ovulation abnormalities in the country.
Couples with in vitro-embryotrantation, ivf-et, and other in vitro-baby techniques, need extra ovarian ovarian irritation to get a sufficient number of eggs. Using ovulation drugs to induce ovulation is currently the most effective means of promoting ovulation drugs in the lower cylindrical-trillus.
The ovarian axials, where the concentrations of ovarians in the body are higher than the growth and maturity thresholds of the ovarian bubbles and the number of eggs that meet the requirements. Figure 17: Attempted ovarian action
Eggbushin: the largest variety of assisted reproductive drugs: ovarians (folicle-stimulatinghormone, fsh) is a hormone synthesized and secreted from the cerebral pituitary.
It's a sugar-based protein hormone. As technology advances and progresses, the fsh formulations also progress, and the first generation of urogens (u-fsh) extracted from women's urinary fluids is the product of the first generation of ovarian ovulation, and the reorganisation of ovarians (r-fsh) is the application of genetic engineering in Chinese hamster ovarian cells (cho) by inserting the genes of code fsh into Chinese hamster ovary cells.
ovarian ovarians are currently the dominant ovulation drug in assisted reproduction, accounting for 54% of the market share. In 2016, the total market for hospital ovarian hormones was 690 million yuan, and in 2006 - 16, the combined growth rate of 15.3% in Merk Plycom and Plycom.
Meshadong-Ocanon’s Gonaphs (r-fsh) account for 73.3% of the market share, while the Leather Group’s u-fsh accounts for 25.2% of the market share based on its price advantage. Kinsehin (r-fsh) of the Long Spring gold race was approved in 2015, successfully filling the national production gap for restructured products, to date, in Beijing, Shanghai, Fujian, Guangxi, and so on.
Figure 18: Proportion of sample hospitals promoting the sale of ovulation-related drugs in 2016
2.3.3 Reassembled human-promoting alternative spaces for ovulation and import of ovarians are calculated on the basis of the generic ovarian abnormality (treatment of multi-cystic ovary syndrome, which accounts for 90 per cent of ovarian abnormalities),
iu, the maximum dose per day is usually no more than 225 u, lasting no more than four weeks), and the average cost of single-cycle treatment is approximately $6,000, which alone estimates the current potential market for ovarians in the country at approximately $15 billion, whereas the sales data for the sample hospital, Reshembo, are based on the same magnification of the current market for ovarians at less than 2 billion, and much more.
And, with the full opening of the second-child policy, the potential market for ovarian drugs will be larger than the only domestic recombinant ovarian in the country, and there will be great potential for future import substitution. With the golden match, the pharmaceutical industry has established good slogans in the market through growth hormones, as well as good marketing channels and import substitution experience,
In their view, companies are expected to replicate the historical trend of growth hormone needles in lieu of imports. And gold-sheathing has a greater advantage in quality control and patient acceptance than the only urinary-provocative soybund in the current market, so the r-fsh of the future gold race will rapidly increase sales and contribute profits in the short term.
3. 100-gram organisms: A continuous contribution from the vaccine, affiliated with the Mae Fung Biological rabies, Chang Chun Buk Biotech Inc. was established in March 2004 and funded by Changchun High Technologies Industries (Geex) Ltd. In 2007, Changchun Buk paid $40 million to acquire the Jilin Mayfong Biopharmaceuticals.
In June 2008, a live vaccine to detoxify chicken pox produced by Changchun Bek was officially placed on the market. After a transition period of 09-10 years, 100 grams have been performing steadily in recent years, contributing to steady performance for 13-16 years, except for a slight slip in the company’s performance, which was affected by a significant 14-year deficit.
Figure 20: 100 grams of living organisms operating in recent years, 3.100 grams of aqueous pox vaccine benefiting from the "two needles" approach, promising a steady improvement in future performance
Pepsi is an acute and highly contagious viral disease. This is caused mainly by the water pox-trapped herpe virus (vzv). Skin rash is the main characteristic of the disease, with 10-20 days of lurking before it. The water pox-trapped herpe virus is first infected, most often in children, with herpes, herpes, gins, gins, and gins, all over the body.
The main clinical features, the complications of which are dominated by secondary bacterial infections in the skin, and acute cases of pneumonia, encephalitis, among others. In 1974, the Japanese takhashi successfully built the pox vaccine ka strain, which clinical research has confirmed to be better protective.
The vaccine was produced by the British company GlaxoSchuck and used mainly for immuno-deficit children and their health contacts, and was subsequently extended to a wide range of healthy children. Currently, the vaccine is produced using the oka strain, which contains similar water pox during the life of the vaccine.
In order to control the outbreak, and to reduce the number of cases of breakthroughs, the United States adjusted its vaccination procedures to two doses in 2006. In recent years, countries like Kitchen and Fujian have been increasingly recommending two needle vaccination procedures.
In most parts of the country, immunization coverage has reached 80-90%, and the current annual market increase is mainly for newborns and two increases, with a significant drop in the issuance of vaccines for vaccine-infested events in 2016. According to the current winning figure for water pox vaccines, Eastern financial resources are booming.
According to the data (Congdong Province) and the distribution data, the annual yield of the vaccine is about 1.5 to 2.5 billion, and we expect that the total market size of the vaccine will be within that range, and that the theoretical potential market is expected to double in the future with the spread of the two needles.
A hundred grams of zillion have been issued for the first time in 16 years, looking at the increase in the spread of the two needles in the future. A domestic zillion seedling production company, with four countries standing up (gsk has not been issued in recent years): Shanghai House, Changchun Buk, Changchun Jing, and Long Lives.
One. Long-lived organisms were granted a drug supplement in 2013 and were granted two injections for people over the age of 13, and are the only enterprises currently able to carry out two injections for people between the ages of 1 and 12.
The increase in vaccination awareness in the sector and the overall spread of the "two needles" are expected to bring company performance.
3.2 The distribution of rabies needles has been restored, and the clinical progress of the needles has continued.
In order to be strengthened, the company has seen a significant increase in the number of batches issued in 12-13 years, but due to the impact of the quality problem of the company ' s rabies vaccine at the end of the 13th year, the volume of batches declined rapidly in 14-15 years and, as the problem of the production process of rabies was resolved, the company ' s capacity was gradually restored, with 270,000 copies issued in 2016.
The batch period for human rabies (vero cells) has increased to 18 months, which also provides the basis for the company ' s future marketing and promotion.
The country’s rabies vaccine market, which is now the dominant market because of the greater stability and longer validity of the frozen dry agent type than the water needle. The water needle type, with the largest batch of 16 years of issuance, is for Chinese organisms, with only 750,000 copies.
And the top four rabies are mostly frozen dry, and the bulk issuances show that the bulk issuance of the frozen dryer type is much larger than that of the water needles. McFly's frozen dry rabies vaccine is currently in the clinical phase, and it is expected to be marketed in the future to the company's top four production firms in figure 24:16.
The company’s performance is stable, and it is expected that the company will improve significantly.
With regard to stability, we believe that as companies accelerate the upgrading of marketing models, promoting quality upgrading and standardization of existing products, companies are expected to improve and improve their performance at the cost of their products in the future.
5. Follow-up research and development pipelines are rich and supportive of high growth, corporate growth hormone drugs have a strong full-agent-type advantage, and companies will continue to expand their market space in the field of growth hormone drugs in the future.
At the same time, the company’s focus on research and development inputs has gradually increased its share of business income in recent years; the next step in research and development has been a good development team, a nose-infested influenza vaccine, and an Easter source of financial prosperity.
Table 12: Current company R & D pipelines 5.1 Essena pineapple is expected to be approved and market space is in urgent need of development Diabetes market: the potential for sustained growth is high: according to idf, around 20-79 people globally in 2015
415 million people suffer from diabetes (8.8 per cent of cases) and 318 million people suffer from reduced sugar tolerance (6.7 per cent of cases in the preceding period).
Diabetes and its complications are expected to reach 154 million by 2030. Global drug sales for diabetes in 2016 (China accounts for about $6 billion) are projected to reach $10.54 billion by 2020. Diabetes have jumped to second place in global drug sales, after oncology.
Statistics show that insulin products accounted for about 56 per cent of the global market for diabetes drugs in 2015, glp-1 receptor agonists, about 10 per cent, dpp-4 inhibitors, 24 per cent, sglt-2 inhibitors, 5 per cent, and other traditional small molecules, 4 per cent.
(glp-1) Receptive agonist-type drugs, which have the mechanism to promote pancreatic insulin and reduce insulin-sulin, thereby reducing blood sugar. In recent years, studies have shown that glp-1 analogues can reduce the weight and contraction of diabetic patients and benefit the patient’s cardiovascular health.
Monopoly, with only two products, Essena and Noor and Nord Lilalupin, compared with 10 per cent of the global glp-1 receptor agonist market, with China accounting for less than 1 per cent of total sales in 2016. Figure 28: ratio of glp-1 drugs in international and domestic markets to the market for diabetic drugs
The source of financial prosperity in the East has been introduced into the Healthcare Group B catalogue in nine provinces, patients' capacity to pay has been raised, Essenape, a new company, the Jingchun, is currently in the process of applying for a production review, and sales and market occupancy rates are expected to increase gradually after listing.
Figure 29: Sample Hospital sales in Essena are the country's first team. Three of the country's declared productions, in addition to the benefits, are in the form of Deepwood and Chengdu Sanno. Chengdu Sanno's production was approved for too long, and the processing time was not too different, we think.
From 17 to 18 years or so, they will be approved as the first step, taking advantage of the market, rapidly tapping into the country’s potential market for glp-1 drugs and enjoying the enormous market potential of diabetes drugs.
Table 13: National production of Essena Pyramids, 5.2: a new generation of vaccine platforms, with nosy influenza vaccine expected to become a heavy-pound product.
The company, in collaboration with Biodiem, Australia, and participating in mocosis, the Netherlands, has promoted the development of a new generation of vaccines, such as a nasal flu vaccine, through the integration of flu virus-reduction live vaccine technology (laiv) and mucousine immunology technology (mimopath).
Influenza is an acute respiratory disease, is highly contagious and has a high incidence. According to the Centers for Disease Prevention and Control, the country has more than one in 10,000 influenza deaths, and influenza vaccination is the most effective way to combat influenza outbreaks and epidemics.
In contrast to the traditional influenza injection vaccine, the following advantages are associated with the nasal flu vaccine: 1. No muscle injection is required to reduce the pain caused by the drug. 2. Inducing mucous membrane antigen lga, creating a protective mucous membrane immune response.
Hmong is on the market and, while promoting the expansion of the overall influenza vaccine market, will occupy a certain market share, and we estimate that if the company's overall performance is good, the growth hormone market is expected to grow by around 30 per cent in the coming years, and as a growth in the industry, profits should grow by slightly more than income growth; on the 100-gram side, the company's water pox vaccine will continue to spread and benefit from the two futures.
The city is also expected to generate a certain amount of growth; for its part, through improved marketing strategies and market outreach, the East’s financial and intellectual sources use divisional valuation, given the domestic dominance of the company’s growth hormones and its rapid growth and huge market space.
The 100-gram biopox market is growing steadily, and future frozen dry rabies are expected to take over the stock market, value the plate by 25 times, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
The growth hormones are not sold as expected; the next product has too long a research and development cycle, the source of Eastern financial growth, the source of Eastern financial growth.
Eung Heung's securities depth report Changchun Quixin (000661: performance up, biopharmacists are always strong, Jan Jan
Head of the pharmaceutical bio-industry team, three years of portfolio research experience and three years of work experience in the pharmaceutical industry. First team chief researcher in the crystal ball in 2016, seventh core member in the new wealth team in 2015, third core member in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology at Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics at Beijing University, and Master of Economics at Kings Business College in three years.
A Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at Xiamen University, formerly employed in Tianxian Pharmaceuticals Group, Inc.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.