M.O.I. (603986): high performance forecast for 2021, increase, certainty of future horizon (first time)
Annual performance forecast for 2021: expected to achieve net return by 2021 – high performance forecast for 2021, end-of-service intelligence and supply resonance of the chain
According to the company ' s annual performance forecast for 2021, the company is expected to achieve q4 in 2021 more than it is expected to lose. The company ' s growth in performance has largely benefited from a trend towards end-intelligence demand and supply chain localization in 2021, with demand on the company ' s product market increasing.
Resurveillance, the company seizes opportunities and actively exploits new markets, new customers, optimizes product and customer structures, and increases contributions in areas such as industry, etc. around the market and customer demand. At the same time, the company continues to increase its research and development efforts and improves its product lines.
At the supply side, the Division promotes a diversified supply chain layout, actively responds to supply shortages and sets the stage for performance growth, with three main points contributing to growth in 2022.
1) Flash Business: Company Noorflash is the third largest in the world, with absolute domestic leadership and technical skills leading the industry.
The demand for related products drives the growth of the netflash market, which is expected to grow to $3.7 billion in 2022, based on data from cinno research, and the automobile sector, which has become an important point of growth in future storage markets, based on ihs.
The global vehicle storage market in 2019 was $3.6 billion and is expected to grow to $8.3 billion by 2025. The company ' s gd55 2g large-volume product has been certified by aecq-100, and the spinorflash model product 2m-2gb is fully equipped.
Lined, gd25 stocked full series of products achieved in multi-car enterprise 2)dram business: corporate lily dram was a leader in the country and produced its first product in June 2021.
The branded 19nm4gbddr4 product for the niche market has been certified in the consumer category through a wide range of mainstream platforms and currently 17nm ddr3 product is building up in advanced research and development, with high market demand for downstream iptv, security, car applications, etc.
According to Trendforce, the global niche dram market is expected to reach $18,465 million in 2023. At the same time, companies are working together to store long-term stubbles to provide stable capacity for the company ' s dram products, which will become future dram products.
As a domestic “mcu” product class, 32bitmcu lead manufacturer, the company has produced 28 generic mcu series offering entry, mainstream, high performance.
The company's mcu product is steadily entering the city, and the first model mcu product is now drifting and is expected to be produced in 2022. In the process of car intelligence, the mcu will play a relatively important role.
Colour, wide range of applications, large enough for vehicle body control, dashboards, car-borne information, entertainment systems (iv), communication systems, advanced security systems, adas autodrives, small-to-window control, electric seating, reverse radar, keys, etc.
Mcu controls that the number of mcu on an electric car can now reach dozens and possibly hundreds in the future. According to ihs, the global car mcu market is expected to reach $8.9 billion in 2025.
We believe that the three main lines of corporate flash+dram+mcu have a strong long-term growth drive, and that the company is expected to achieve a clear path to long-term growth in the midst of an era of national substitution.
Industry downside risks, output uphills are not as fast as expected, industries compete to exacerbate risks, overseas policy changes, etc.  Introduction by the Electronics Group
Maozheng: Master of Arts (M.A.) University, three years ' experience with American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years ' experience in commodity securities investment, and employment in the National Dollar Securities, 2018-2020 Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.