The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) is performing as expected, looking forward to long-term growth rate of 271.63%. Net profits have increased significantly, largely thanks to: 1) end-intelligence demand and supply chain localization
The trend is becoming more pronounced; (2) increased R & D and new product layout; (3) continued optimization of product structure. (1) q3 performance exceeding expectations, long-term growth determination-megagram storage point: noorflash gradually became less cyclical and likidram was available.)
Some consumer applications have lower prices, but noorflash prices in sectors such as automobiles, industry, etc. are higher than expected in 2.21h1, with strong storage poles - strong and sustained demand, and the main new demand in these areas is now in high capacity Noorflash.
The semi-annual review of mega-innovation, 2021.8.29 mega-noorflash is gradually abandoning low-volume products such as 32m, with a focus on low-volume products such as 64mb ~2gb, 3.
High-volume products, with industry and automobile use growing rapidly. (2) Trendforce data show a recent contraction in storage prices and a gradual stabilization, with dram spot prices temporarily stopping, and nad 4. China's Storage “Key” Hope-Mock-Eager Innovation Depth
Flush prices are a small shock, ahead of our expectations, in line with our earlier predictions of the storage cycle, and the stellar dram production of major plants like Samsung and Hercules, which we think is 22 years of self-research.
With the massive Liggi dram (the company is expected to roll out a series of 17mddr3 products in the first half of this year), overall prices are less likely to fall sharply, with a profit dram sales revenue of $1.6-20 billion for 22 years. So we maintain the previously optimistic expectation of 22 years of storage.
Look at this: looking forward to the mcu, the industry + car ratio rises. Although we're expecting a price reduction in the cost mcu over 22 years, we're still looking at the motor vehicle, industry, etc., the demand for the mcu is going to rise from 50 to 70 new energy vehicles to 100, and industrial intelligence is going to rise.
Levels will lead to a doubling of mcu demand. In 21 years, 30% of the industry has been able to increase to over 50% in 22 years. With the launch of the track mcu in June and July this year, it is expected that 23 years will be the year of the rules.
We therefore maintain the idea that this year’s mcu is growing, and keep looking at the high growth of the mcu for 23 years and beyond. The new product is being rolled out less than expected; the risk of stock restrictions being lifted; and the risk of a US-sanctioned fatty.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment