On January 24, 2022, a performance forecast was released, with companies expected to realize a net return profit of 22.8-242 billion in 21 years.
The same-year growth of 204 - 272%, while the ring ratio declined, taking into account the potential asset impairment losses resulting from the goodwill impairment test, and the company ' s 21q4 share of the bonus, which is still better off. 21 years of demand in the noorflash market and product structure are constantly improving. 2021 year of demand in the terminal market.
\triangleright continues to flourish, with companies actively opening up new markets, new customers, optimizing product and customer structures, and increasing donations in areas such as industry, with 2m~2gb-capacitated noorflash all-lined. In addition, company node 55nm
The share of the narflash camp has continued to rise, reaching 30% in 21q3, and the cost has been optimized. We believe that while consumer level narflash has previously fallen, there is still room for further price increases in medium capacity norflash and the company's 22q1 battalion is expected to continue to increase at a high rate due to continued strong demand in areas such as industry, communications, automobiles, etc.
The self-researching brand dram was produced in June 21 with a product of \triangleright 19nm4gbddr4. The self-research product has been made from design, streaming, to a comprehensive state of sealing and certification.
The company currently plans products such as ddr3/ddr4/lpdddr4, with a capacity cover of 1~8gb, which is expected to produce 17 nmdram chips this year.
In addition, the company ' s car coded dram chips are being developed, and the product lines are growing. In 2022, the company will continue to take stock of: q3 performance, with a close to 80% increase in the performance ring.
2. Visible innovation (603986): Replenishment of 500 million long-term storage parent companies, with sustained attention to project follow-up, we expect to contribute approximately $1.65 billion.
The mcu product structure is constantly being optimized. 21 years of performance (603986) from industry, automobiles, household electricity, consumption, etc.
Submarket demand has remained strong, corporate industry + auto sector accounts for about 30% of revenue, and product structure has been optimized. Quite a few remarks: H1 harvests and net profits have been historically high, Dragon has 28 series of more than 370 products and continues to expand the latest car code in the class.
Products are expected to be produced around mid-2022, mainly for entertainment systems, followed by body, cabin, power.
We're looking at the company's mcu industry, and we're looking forward to a long-term recovery.
The company, as a global repository leader, has a three-fold powered push for growth, expanding industry and automobile applications over the long term.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.