Early termination of the plan, full storage of the +mcu carrier, 21 March 2022.
Rows. Previously, Mr. Zhu had announced an early termination of the plan and promised not to do so for the next 12 months, highlighting the confidence of major shareholders and concerted actors in the company ' s long-term development, the elimination of market concerns in the preceding period, and my flash: the continued optimization of the product structure and the expansion of auto control clients.
\triangleright (1) continues to optimize its product and customer structure, and the contributions of industry and other sectors are increasing, with 2m~2gb-based vehicle regulation noorflash fully lined and mainly applied to adas, cabin entertainment, bms, etc.
(2) We believe that, although consumer level noorflash had previously fallen, there is still room for further price increases in the medium-sized capacity owing to the continued strong demand in the industrial, communications and automobile sectors (3) and that the company has completed aec-q100 certifications covering 38 nmspinandflash.
1gb~4gb capacity to facilitate full entry of the company into the gas application area. mcu: channel price rebounds, taking advantage of market failures in auto industry. \triangleright
(1) In recent times, the prices of the medium- and high-end mcu channel in the company sector have begun to rebound, mainly because of the high-end mcu demand in overseas and industrial control areas, in addition to the channel stock factor. (2) The demand for the various mcu segments of industry, automobiles, household power, consumption, etc. has been strong since 21 years.
1. Performance forecast for micro-innovation (603986.sh): before the year, the ratio of corporate industrial sector revenue to consumption was equal and product structure was optimized, with high performance growth and continued appreciation of the company ' s future performance
(3) The company's most recent car regulation mcu product is expected to be produced in mid-2022, mainly for entertainment systems, 2. Performance of e-commerce (603986)
The follow-up will be the development of mcu for different types of products in the areas of body, cabin, power systems, etc., and the consolidation of domestic mculone 3. Mculones (603986): Replenishment of 500 million long-term storage parent companies, with sustained attention to project follow-up
Dram: Accelerating the release of self-research products and building a carrier-class storage enterprise. 4. [Henry Electronics] MMI (603986) performance (1) Self-researched 19nm4gbddr4 product was produced in June 21 and the self-research product was achieved.
(ii) The company currently plans products, including ddr3/ddr4/lpdddr4, with capacity coverage of 1-8gb.
In addition, the company has a plan-based dram chip, and reports that the noor surge is expected to last two years.
(c) The company will continue to launch dram self-research products in 2022 and expects to develop ddr3 and ddr4 from the long run.
The company, as a global repository leader, continues to expand its application in the area of auto engineering and control, with significant growth over time, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.