The general model opens up a new space for a new round of opportunities - report of the event review of the company 002230.sz
Euro, equal increase of 0-10 per cent, mainly due to the epidemic and delays in bidding for projects across the country  General Large Models drive the acceleration of artificial intelligence development and in recent years, the General Large Model Pre-training has shown unprecedented understanding and creativity.
In November 2022, a new artificial smart chat machine was launched by Openai.
The instrument's chatgpt was created in an empty space. Chhatgpt uses a network structure, also a gpt-3.5 structure, with language understanding and text-generation power, to train models by connecting to a large number of language databases and to make them more human.
Chatgpt is able to simulate the language of humans, interact with users naturally, and explore the real needs of users to answer them.
Household problems, putting chats under the scene, displaying the future of smart chat robots for good applications. As their applications cover such areas as intellectuals' services, education, medical care, search engines, etc., they open up new applications of artificial intelligence, potential markets.
In September 2022, the State Council, at its regular session, announced training for high schools, vocational colleges and practical training.
Additional loans for the acquisition and upgrading of equipment such as the Base, implementation of phased incentives, 2.5 percentage points of central fiscal interest, 2 years ' total investment in loan projects, in principle not less than $20 million, with interest-bearing loan declarations in which the company is currently involved
Smart education as the company's first-ever track, the year-on-year ratio for the first three quarters of 2022 +49 per cent, of which the number of payees was 37 per cent, the year-on-year ratio was 92 per cent and the rate of renewal for both schools and students was over 90 per cent; sales below the learning machine were the same year + 197 per cent, before
Three-quarter user activations + 150%, with a marked increase in the number of stable channels below the line. Examinations, simulations, and learning are continuously needed. Seven additional municipalities were added in 2022, depending on the location of the 12 local and 2 provincial high examinations, individual chemistry.
At home, 130 municipalities have been added to the after-school service cooperation platform. With regard to after-school services, companies participate in depth as the only after-school service platform in the country, accounting for more than 50% of the country's total number of pupils and students at 184 million and 300 yuan.
The amount of time per person for each term and the 20% selection rate, after-school service market, is more than $20 billion. With interest-adding loans increasing the industry climate, higher education just needs to release the income from the after-school service platform, and the education track will come.
In the field of medical care, in the first three quarters of 2022, the rate of medical camp receipts increased by +69 per cent, and the amount of contracts increased by the same amount. In the field of applications, the telepathic assistant raised the standard ratio of composted electronic medical records from 10 per cent to 90 per cent.
Models and accuracy, laying foundations for future medical reform sites and individual residents' health files; 170,000 major errors revised by the Quasi Medical Assistant within one year by Anhui; diagnostics, which play a major role in preventing errors and omissions; medical assistants, Quasi Medical Assistant
Effectively preventing the improper use of medicines, cumulatively identifying an unreasonable prescription of more than 37 million. In the area of health care, the company was ranked first in the accurate health care decision-making track in 2022; and, in terms of regulatory effectiveness, cumulatively, medical costs of suspected irregularities were identified in January-September 2022.
Over $75 million; in terms of governance effectiveness, non-conventional examinations, staggering, double fees, etc., have resulted in an average 53% decrease in health insurance violations.
Reducing the risk of misuse of medicines and becoming a clinic assistant for every doctor is expected to become a recurring risk for every epidemic, increasing the risk of competition in the market, less than expected risks in education operations, less than expected in product development, etc.
Computers and small- and medium-sized trades introduce company research. Areas of excellence include cloud computing, cyber security, artificial intelligence, Xingyang: Master of Economics, Huadong Teacher Training University, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main index of the relevant securities market indicates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on the Helium Index; the United States market is based on the Dow Jones Index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.