Based on the sound performance of the ground, the one leading the development of the new wind, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
The cash flow is a healthy match based on robust business growth. During the reporting period, the impact of the epidemic on the company’s operations continued, with delays in bidding for projects across the country, delays in over 20 projects in the fourth quarter of the year alone, and contracts amounting to over $3 billion. We believe that the projects in question were extended but not cancelled, and that the company performed in 2023.
At the same time, the company’s sustainable local operations continued to grow by 23% in 2022, with 875,000 developers added to the A.I. Open Platform, 96 new curves in smart medicine, 110 new co-operators in smart cars, ensuring that overall business income is rising. Moreover, at the end of the reporting period,
The net cash flow generated by the company’s operations exceeds $500 million, and sales returns and operating income remain benign, fair value fluctuations affect profit performance, and firm investment is expected. During the reporting period, financial assets owned by the company, such as three-persons, typhoids, and merchant soup, resulted in a higher return on fair value than in the previous year.
During the same period, the net profit was reduced by about $590 million. At the same time, the company ' s operations in education, health care, etc., were based on local operations, as well as new product R&D, core technology autonomy and national product adaptation.
In the recent past, Chatgpt and Microsoft, among others, have made further investment in the market and the development of the artificial intelligence industry has continued to accelerate. As an artificial intelligence and industry team, companies have taken the lead in setting up large-scale pre-training models, cognitive intelligence, multi-model training, etc.
With the maturity of the technology and the expansion of the downstream landscape, new development opportunities are expected. The pillars of education, open platforms, and consumer business have built up the sustainable development advantages of “new demand and differential” – adding to the scale of multi-sector ai applications – and the company will further control human performance in 2023.
2. "Platform + track" (002230)
Not as much as expected: consumer operations are less than expected: intelligent medicine, intelligent cities, etc. (2022-04-29) 1) in the field of education: as countries increase their support in the area of education such as interest-bearing loans, further information on education is being built
In the context of the digital economy strategy, the digital transformation of cities is advancing and sinking, with annual income growth rates of 5.2 per cent, 21.9 per cent and 18.0 per cent, respectively.
3) Open platforms and consumer operations: with the spread of i-technology and the expansion of the company-open platform ' s application landscape, the open platform provides quick solutions in the form of cloud-plus technologies and vertical industries, attracting rapid increases in the number of developers, and gradually improving platform capacity is expected to continue to upgrade individual developers ' arpu; c End operations
Annual income growth rates are 5.9 per cent, 30.5 per cent, 29.5 per cent, respectively. 4) Smart medical operations: al+ medical services as a whole are still in the pilot phase and are important strategic incubators for companies. 5) Smart cars: smart cabins are still high and are now moving from a rapid upswing in penetration rates to fine-tuning
During the development phase, there is still much scope for upgrading the interactive functionality of the vehicle, and companies are actively expanding the location of the garage ' s customers and projects, both before and after the project 6) along with the technological deposition and scale-up of subsequent core software operations, the Māori rate is expected to recover gradually; with the Division ' s follow-up focus on strengthening the management of human efficiency improvements, the overall cost rate has remained on a downward trend.
The company is a conglomerator of the ai technology, and its operations involve more than one flower at the g, b, c end, and are extremely scarce, and selects each of them for cloud computing, smart cars, financialit, software taps in the medical informatization industry that are close to the status of the science major flight, as compared to figure 1: the lowest level of company pe in five years.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.