With Shenzhen's high-value assets driving the next valuation repair, as a centre for innovation in China's new economy, Shenzhen's positive macroeconomic outlook and demographic trends have given us great confidence in the long-term prospects of the local real estate market.
Flagships operating under the banner of real estate are committed to the development and operation of three major community/campaign/carriage ports, and we believe that, as compared to other large developers and our research colleagues, the merchants have the best position for the long-term appreciation of the value of their real assets because of their highest share of Shenzhen assets (45 per cent/70 per cent of their expected net asset value at the end of 2017). Because of the company’s low cost of high-quality land reserves in Shenzhen and its long development cycle, and the potential for cross-industry resources with the comptoir group,
Asset consolidation is expected to provide value-added space, and we believe that the market is expected to generate profitable growth that will continue to be stronger than the industry, with robust shareholder returns. Markets are overly worried about short-term risks, long-term value-added spaces remain in place, interior market developers are 14% ahead, but they have not been able to move forward since the beginning of the year, because the market is not for Shenzhen City or for Shenzhen Building.
The prospect of softening because of the “most severe” regulatory measures in history is a source of concern. The net asset value of the merchants now gives 12 mtargetprice the largest number of listed developers in the countries we cover (40% vs. 30% of colleagues), we believe.
The market has been over-inflicted by concerns about Shenzhen City or the softening of policies.
3. There are longer-term synergies with the parent company's hiring agency, which is expected to be transformed through city renewal, the Asiastockcollection
The integration of business assets and the development of the cruise mother port in a variety of ways to access land, and the subsequent development of a diversified portfolio of real estate assets, have significantly expanded the scope for profitable growth. The point is the perception of differentiation, liquidity, and the promotion of 2017.
The following eight core issues have been articulated, drawing on the advantages of the roots of Shenzhen: Shenzhen City has been ahead of the national market in several cycles and has been on its way up.
The biggest price increases have been achieved during the cycle. So, we think that, while the downside of Shenzhen City or the larger repatriations that will occur earlier may have had an impact on the market sentiment of the merchants to pay for the shares of the snakes, we think that this will be only a short-term event.
Our differences aside from cyclical fluctuations, we look at the Shenzhen real estate market and are optimistic about the long-term outlook for the various sub-sectors of real estate, although different areas of disaggregation are still at different stages of their respective supply cycles.
By 2025, the total asset value of Shenzhen's real estate market will have doubled to $3.7 trillion, thus taking root 6. Cash flow and balance sheets.
The potential for expansion. Given the revaluation of the market value of the market value of the market in the Shenzhen building, as well as the net asset value scenario analysis based on the risk and resistance factors, we believe that the current large net asset value discount of the market is not compatible.
Please visit our website to read the full series of reports. Important information can be found in the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
China: Developers have the highest-quality Shenzhen land reserves, and growth will translate into returns with adequate financial support
We believe that by virtue of their best-quality land reserves in Shenzhen and the cross-practice resources and branding advantages shared with the parent company's recruitment bureau, firms are bound to take the lead in the long-term growth of the real estate sector in the region. At present, traders own the three major business blocks of community/campus/patern development and operation, which are expected to account for an average share of their expected income in 2016-2018.
We estimate that, by the end of 2016, commercial smugglers held a land reserve of 44 million square metres in 33 cities in China, and that Shenzhen market was expected to account for more than 30-40 per cent of pre-sale revenue from 2017-2019 and 45 per cent of land reserves (mainly 70 per cent in emerging cities), all of which were at the highest level in our research.
Figure 2: Shenzhen accounts for the largest share of net asset value of commercial snake ports Income/gross profitability of business segments of commercial snake ports, 2012-2018e composition of expected net asset value at the end of 2017 based on urban conditions
“China: Real Estates: Deep Down Cycles Counted on Equity Prices, Industry has two positive trends; Strong Purchases to China Abroad” #1 Shenzhen provides an advantage for business snakes: Shenzhen is in a new phase of economic transformation with the intention of becoming China and the world.
With Shenzhen’s government hoping to make Shenzhen a global gateway city over the next 10 years, and to consolidate its central position in China’s business innovation transition, local governments have developed ambitious urban development plans that aim to upgrade and improve infrastructure, health care, and education. We believe that Shenzhen’s positive macro outlook (i.e. rising incomes and population growth drive strong consumption and housing needs)
#2 Cost advantages support a stronger return: the cost advantages inherent in companies’ high-quality land reserves in Shenzhen.
The combined cost of land accounts for 23 per cent of the average expected sales price in 2017, while the rest of the Shenzhen land reserves are covered by us.
The net profit/net asset return of the developers within our research scope (excercise revaluation) China: Developers High net market rates do not reflect the full picture; excessive discounting of asset values
The national currency is 20 per cent, with a discount of 10 to 50 per cent (or an average of 30 per cent) for listed developers within the study range. Our 20 per cent premium margin for the last down-cycle is a reflection of the fact that net assets return is improving and the average leverage ratio is lower than the equivalent (see figure 24 in the appendix).
We have seen that, following the merger of the marketed properties in December 2015, the net market rate of the merchants was more than multiple than that of their predecessor, and that the increase in the premium on the inward market was largely attributable to: (1) the near doubling of the size of the land reserve after the consolidation of assets, and the significant increase in the Shenzhen asset ratio (45 per cent of the land stock compared to 17 per cent of the commercialized property), but the book value has not yet been fully realized.
In addition, the recorded value of Shenzhen assets (mainly snakes, Princes Bay and former sea projects) is lower than the market price, so that the book value of the merchants, calculated at cost, does not fully reflect the intrinsic value of their land reserves. We estimate that the overall market value of the merchants’ land reserves is around RMB 401 billion, almost double the initial cost.
There is a lack of legitimacy, and we believe that the risk-return profile tends to move upwards, implying a larger reduction in housing prices in high-quality segments than the revaluation value of their land reserves and our estimate of the depth of net asset value at the end of 2017 (40 per cent discount compared to 30 per cent trade-as-usual).
Figure 7: The value of net market value of merchants and their former vendors ' properties has remained high, with 30 per cent premium on industry trends on the mainland.
In several rounds of industry, the historical net market rate of commercialized real estate (up to 2016) and commercial snakes (after 2016) was compared to the average value of listed businesses in the interior China: Developer
Figure 10: Merchant Snakes now have a significantly lower share value than their land revaluation and our figure 9: In view of the low cost of recording Shenzhen assets consolidated by their parent companies, we estimate that the market value of their land reserves will nearly double.
Estimated net asset value by the end of 2017 Cost value and market value of unsold land reserves of merchants Current stock prices and expected ordinary equity interest at the end of 2016, current land reserves 2017
21 February 2017 China: Developer
Strong financial power will help scale up, although the company was actively engaged in land acquisition last year (the cost of land acquisition was 114 per cent of the company's pre-sale revenue, and 72 per cent of the Shenzhen exhibition centre project, which we covered, would have been eliminated in partnership with the Chinese city (00069.sz), compared to the average value of the other developers in 2016.
56 per cent) and because of its strong financial position (net debt at the end of 2015 is the lowest in the industry low-cost financing (because it is the only flagship real estate platform of the State Enterprise Group) or the value created by the integration of cross-industry resource assets with the Corporation Group, the marketplace is emerging from the business community, and it is hoped that through diversification of land, the market will emerge.
It expands the portfolio of assets and is therefore more likely to achieve robust growth in the industry’s down-cycle. The cost of acquiring land as a percentage of contract sales, as compared to the cost of doing business, is more likely to expand on scale.
Net debt ratios, total leverage, financing costs, and average water for the inland developers covered China: Developer Shenzhen Real Estate Market Volatility (short-term phenomenon), ex-Sea Zone/Possessive Bay Project Implementation (improved)
In our discussions with investors, it was found that #1 was highly concentrated in Shenzhen, but the local real estate regulations were known as “the harshest in history” (including recently announced strict pre-sales).
The market is more vulnerable to potential fluctuations in Shenzhen’s real estate market. We note that during the months of housing - February 2009 and May 2011 - February 2012 and the period of market depression in 2008/2011, one/two-hand houses were traded, and that, within the interior developers we cover, the market offered the largest discount on the value of the net assets, and we believe that the market was the largest for Shenzhen.
The prospect of building cities or policy-driven softening is too pessimistic, and it is not reasonable that the price of housing, which is implied in the valuation of high-quality plots, may fall more than in ordinary areas, because we do see a shortage of supply and a better prospect of economic growth that makes the average housing price in the southern mountainous regions more robust in the cycle (the area accounts for 83 per cent/38 per cent of the company ' s Shenzhen land reserve/total land reserve).
The southern mountains are the high-tech industrial base, higher-education centers, and logistics hubs in Shenzhen, with the highest gdp in all districts of Guangdong Province. As shown in figure 17-18, the southern mountains are the four most active real estate markets in Shenzhen city (i.e. Fukuda, Lo Lake, Nansan, Saltfield), and their average housing prices are more robust in the industry’s lower cycle.
Looking ahead, we believe that the positive macroeconomic outlook and world-class infrastructure will support the local real estate market in Shenzhen (back to the 2009 high point), so the expected net asset value at the end of 2017 and the average expected for 2017-2018 at the commercial point in business. Figure 15: If the average house price/trading in Shenzhen is lower than in 2016
Sensitivity of the net asset value of the merchant to changes in the average house price/trade volume of Shenzhen
Residential property sales and average prices increase at the same rate, divided by sector: source:creis.source:fang.com.
#2 The implementation of the former sea area/Possessor Bay project is weak (they account for 35 per cent of the company ' s expected net asset value at the end of 2017, and averaged 20 per cent of the projected sales revenue in 2017-2019), taking into account that: (1) the final trade-off and specific development planning are still under negotiation with the former Government of Haiti, and (2) both are long-term development projects of widespread interest to the business community, land preparation and/or development processes.
Slower than expected could have a negative impact on the company’s profitability in the coming years. We have seen a steady and substantial advance over the past few months in the development of the former Haitian block and the Prince's Bay project: The former Haitian block: on 18 June 2016, the Group agreed with the former Sea Government to establish a 50/50% shareholding ratio between the two sides.
Platform companies jointly developed the former Haitian block, which was followed on 26 October 2016 by the establishment of a profit-sharing framework (40 per cent for the Bureau Group and 60 per cent for the Government). This should eliminate the long-standing unequal distribution of benefits between the Chamber of Commerce Group and the Government: on 8 December 2016, the Commissariat sold two plots (invisible land prices) to the new world (0017.hk).
About 24,000 yuan per square metre, and the initial land cost of the merchant snakes is about 5,000 yuan per square metre, while the company will also develop two commercial projects in the Prince's Bay plot with the new world. We believe that by working with experienced investment industry operators, the merchants will not only release their assets, but also accelerate the pace of turnover and improve the quality of the projects.
In addition, in December 2016, the company announced its equity incentive program, which is strictly defined for 254 core employees (up to the total number of employees). We believe that this strategic initiative helps to tie the interests of key employees (especially middle- and senior-level managers) to the growth of the company, and indirectly alleviates investors’ concerns about the sustainability of the company’s profitability.
On 17 January 2017, the merchant snakes announced a better than expected profit forecast for 2016, with net profits increasing by 92 per cent over the same period - 33 per cent over the same period in the sale of real estate settlements; 2) the overall sale of the Shenzhen South Sea Ikou and the former Gulf Garden achieved land reserves, with the main risks being: 1) the Shenzhen real estate market unexpectedly frustrated sales and profit margins below expectations: we estimate that if the company was deep,
The average price/distribution of the Shenzhen project was 30/50 per cent lower than the 2016 level (a reduction similar to that of the peak valley in Shenzhen in the previous lower cycle), but (especially the development of the Shenzhen trade zone was slow): since approximately 40 per cent of the value of the commercial snakes came from the rental industry (mainly the writing building in the Shenzhen trade zone), we used the capitalization method for this portion of the assets, if the rent fell by 10 per cent (I)
21 February 2017 China: The basic assumption of developers is that rent growth will be equal, and the capitalization rate will increase by 1 percentage point (and our basic assumption is 7.5 per cent) and we will engage.
In addition to the real estate cycle, which is an overall driver of stock price volatility for developers, we find that the market has been a long-term source of prosperity for the Shenzhen market (up to 2016).
The market position of Shenzhen’s local real-estate market and the potential consolidation of assets with the Commissariat. We expect that the negative effects of the “most severe regulation” will persist until home prices become more pronounced.
Any unexpected setback could affect investors’ confidence in the value of commercial snakes, but it should be temporary, because we believe that the down-cycle is more driven by policy. Despite short-term fluctuations, we look at Shenzhen in the long run, and maintain optimism about all real estate industries.
By 2025, the total capital value of the Shenzhen real estate market is expected to double, and therefore the developers of Shenzhen are expected to become the main recipient (2) to achieve greater synergy with the parent company.
The same effect has not yet been included in the share price. In recent years, the Commissariat Group has worked for internal and external integration in the various business sectors. We believe that the business opportunities will be enormous, with companies expanding their portfolio through diversified land outreach channels, such as land entry and preparation through the consolidation of state-owned assets, and the development of a cruise home port based on the main port assets of the Commissariat, which could potentially contribute to a range of stock prices.
China: Summary of major port-related real estate assets held by the Group of Developers and Bureaus, as at the end of 2015 21 February 2017
China: The Corporation Group is a 100-year-old conglomerate and one of the leading state corporations in the NAC. The Agency was a pioneer in China’s nation-based business, founded in the Ocean Movement in 1872. In 1979, the Group developed China’s first-ever China.
At the end of 2015, the Commissariat Group had a total of $6.4 trillion in RMB (660 billion for owners) and achieved operating income of $281 billion, with a total profit of $82.6 billion.
In December 2015, it withdrew as one of the country’s first real estate development firms, which had previously been the subject of a business of recruiting snakes and snakes, as well as industrial parks and cruises.
The firm also holds 74.35% of the shares of the firm, which is the only offshore listing platform for the company’s real estate operations.
China: Developer China: Developer Figure 26: Trader Snakes - Financial Summary
We, Li Wei, Wang, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on investments in cash, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance facing the industry). Li Wei: a share of real estate, China’s real estate industry. Wang Wan, cfa: a share of real estate, China’s real estate industry.
China’s real estate sector is Yaculé, Heng Dae, Kim Mau, China’s shares, China Hai Hongyang, China’s overseas territories, China’s overseas territories, Huank (h), Bei Gui Park, Green City, China, Fulbright Estates, Da Ying City, Kangang Taefu, Lung, Lake Estate, Paul’s Industries, Red Star Mi Qilong, Shi Mau’s real estate, Ryan Real Estate, Faro Ocean Estate, Soho China, China’s inclusive land, and In-Hing’s land.
Corporate-related statutory disclosures Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions Manage investment lists in the region, but the distribution of buying and selling ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Board.
The size or likelihood of realizing returns is based primarily on the investment proposal, which is indicated in each study that has been added to the list of investments or reiterated in the list of investments, which is below the historical basis of the scope of the study and/or valuation.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions for the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, previously made, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is irrelevant and therefore is not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.