Shenzhen's high-value assets drive the next valuation repair as a centre for innovation in China's new economy. Shenzhen's positive macro outlook and demographic trends give us great confidence in the long-term prospects of the local real estate market.
Flagships operating under the banner of real estate are committed to the development and operation of three major community/campaign/carriage ports, and we believe that, as compared to other large developers and our research colleagues, the merchants have the best position for the long-term appreciation of the value of their real assets because of their highest share of Shenzhen assets (45 per cent/70 per cent of their expected net asset value at the end of 2017). Because of the company’s low cost of high-quality land reserves in Shenzhen and its long development cycle, and the potential for cross-industry resources with the comptoir group,
Asset consolidation is expected to provide value-added space, and we believe that the market is expected to generate profitable growth that will continue to be stronger than the industry, with robust shareholder returns. Markets are overly worried about short-term risks, long-term value-added spaces remain in place, interior market developers are 14% ahead, but they have not been able to move forward since the beginning of the year, because the market is not for Shenzhen City or for Shenzhen Building.
The prospect of softening because of the “most severe” regulatory measures in history is a source of concern. The net asset value of the merchants now gives 12 mtargetprice the largest number of listed developers in the countries we cover (40% vs. 30% of colleagues), we believe.
The market has been over-inflicted by concerns about Shenzhen City or the softening of policies.
3. There are longer-term synergies with the parent company's hiring agency, which is expected to be transformed through city renewal, the Asiastockcollection
The integration of business assets and the development of the cruise mother port in a variety of ways to access land, and the subsequent development of a diversified portfolio of real estate assets, have significantly expanded the scope for profitable growth. The point is the perception of differentiation, liquidity, and the promotion of 2017.
The following eight core issues have been articulated, drawing on the advantages of the roots of Shenzhen: Shenzhen City has been ahead of the national market in several cycles and has been on its way up.
The biggest price increases have been achieved during the cycle. So, we think that, while the downside of Shenzhen City or the larger repatriations that will occur earlier may have had an impact on the market sentiment of the merchants to pay for the shares of the snakes, we think that this will be only a short-term event.
Our differences aside from cyclical fluctuations, we look at the Shenzhen real estate market and are optimistic about the long-term outlook for the various sub-sectors of real estate, although different areas of disaggregation are still at different stages of their respective supply cycles.
By 2025, the total asset value of Shenzhen's real estate market will have doubled to $3.7 trillion, thus taking root 6. Cash flow and balance sheets.
The potential for expansion. Given the revaluation of the market value of the market value of the market in the Shenzhen building, as well as the net asset value scenario analysis based on the risk and resistance factors, we believe that the current large net asset value discount of the market is not compatible.
Please visit our website to read the full series of reports. Important information can be found in the information disclosure appendix or contact your investment representative.
China: developer best-in-claslandbankinsztodrivefully-fundedreturns
Eveningitsbest-in-claslandbankpositinszanditssharedresourcesand branding haschinamerchantsgroup (cmg), believe skispoisedtoleadthelong-termssetorgrowthinthement.currently, cmskhastreareasoffocus, namelycommunity,
Indicatrical parakandcruisemeportdevelopment, eachaccountingforonaverage 84%/15% 1%ofthetoplinein2016e-2018e1. the companypanyaimstobememealeadingcommunityanddustrialparakvevevelandmanagerininoverthelongterm.
Weexpectcmsktoowngfa44mnsqmlandbankintotalacross 33citiesinchinabyend - 2016e, with szcontributingover 30-40%of2017e-2019epresales, 45%oflandbank (mostlyinthensanshandlist, theemergingcbd), 45-50%of2016e-2019eearningsand
70%ofitsend-2017enav (allhighestamongcoverageuniverse).end-2017enavbreakdownbycity note:forourclassificationofstrong,neutral,andweakcities,pleasereferto
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do.
#1szgives andsktheedge: szisembarkingnewphasefeconomictransformto becomethiennovationleadechinaandheadorld.aspartoftheambitiontoturnszinszintoa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
1 noteourforestdoesnotfactorinanynewacquitionsfromnowtoend-2019e, whichcourdrendour 2018forcastconservative.wedidnotcite2019yearsforcastaswebelievevemajorityofrowthinthatyearwillnedtobedrivenbyacquitionsin2017andEARly 2018, inferflatypricechhangeassumption
China: Developer #2costcompetivessunderpingstrangerreturnook: withcostadvantageforitsQalitylandbankinsz (23% of2017easpvs.ourcoverageaverageof 28%), we
Extractcmsktodeliversector-Leadingepsgrothin 2016e-2018e (21% cagrvs.abovepeers). presalesbreakdownbycity, 2014-2019e
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
China: developer highp/bisnotthefullstory; relatedvalueoverlydiscussioned
Weapplya 30% targetpricedis countrycound-2017enavofrm28.1toderiveour12-month Targetpriceoflmb20.0forcmskvs.otherangeof 10% to 50% discentfortheonshore coverage (30% oronaverage). Ourtargateprictforcskimpliesahigerpremiumof 30%to
Ouronshoresecortp-impliedp/b&roetrendline, vs. 20% Premiumitsprecessorchina Merchantsproperty(cmp(a), 0000024.sz, deleded) tradedatduringthrestturnin2h13 - 2014toreflectcmsk'ssimprovingrodlowerthanpeersavergeleverageratios (seeexhibit)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Viewaremainlyattributableto: (1) itsalomostdobledlandbanksizertoughtheasset integrationwithignificantboostedexpouretosz (45%oflandbanks.17%for comp), but thebookvaluehasyettofulfactorinitsfutureprofitpototial; (2) meanwhile
Wereinjetedat belowmarketprice, therefor sk'sbookvalueatcostnasnotfullyreleaseditsintbankbankvalue.weestimatatcccsk'ssstotallandbankvalue,ifmarkedtomarket,
I'm going to have to do something about it, beabouturm401bn, ammostdoubleitsoriginalcost. asexhibit10shows, despitetradapremiumtoitsbookvalue, cmsk'currentshareprice ofrmb16.71 (feb17closing) isatadeepdiscountrycenttoitsreappraisedlandbankvalueand
End-2017ghenav (40% diskuntvs.onshoreaverageof).
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to do it.
I'm sorry, doubleifmarkedtomarket's sk'sunsoldlandbankvalueatcostvs.markedtomarket
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're going to do, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
21 February 2017 China: Developer
I'm sorry, sir, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
In 2016, the stellpreservers'averageof 56% in, and the strongsalesperformatonyatious (+28% yoyandbeatmanageaturetargetby).
I'm not going to be able to do this, and I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
China: developers szmarketvolatilities(s-t), execulationinqianhai/princebay (improving) cmskhasoutperformonshorepersby 14% overthepast12months, Butitssharepricehas
#1conventionriskinshenzhenwhereringent-than-evertighteningpolicesarein
Place (incorporatedstractresalespermitsandpricecontrolannouncedrecently), andskwillbe morvulnerabletoanypotentialszpropertymarketvolatilitities.wenotethatduringtheepasttwo industrydowntowncles, Propertypricesorrecedby 26%/12% Fromthepeaktolow (aug-2007to)
I don't know what you're talking about.
We're going to have to do something about it, but we're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to have to do something about it, and we're going to have to do something about it.
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who're the one who's the one who's the one who're the other.
I don't know if you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
Seeing forward, hearing thepositivemacroopbook, coupledwithworld-clas infrastrustructrewillbolisterspollooyantspropertymarketandssupportcapital valueappreciation.ifaspsweretoinfoise 30% from 2016levels3and
20% of volumesweretorise (backtothepeakin 2009), ourend-2017enavandaverage believe cmsk'svaluationrisk/rewardiskeswedtowardstheupside.
@snavsensiencyrelationtochenshenzhenmarket @saarningssensentencyinrelationtozenshenzhenmarket asp/volumechanges
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, sitting secondaryaspchanges (pre/posstoctightening)
I don't know what you're talking about.
#2electionspageforqianhai/princebaysitesdevelopment(accountingfor35%of itssend-2017enavandaverage20%ofits2017e-2019presales) #geven(1)thefinal settlementanddetaileddevelopmentplanisstillundernegotiationwiththeqianhaiilocal
Government, and (2) bothahighprofileanddecade-longdevelopmentprojectsforcmsk, Any Potentialslower-than-expected propressionofthelandsiteconversationand/understandingimpact andsk'seaningsvisibilityinthentextfewewyears.
qianhai/princebaytesduringtheeastfewmonths:
qianhaisite: the profitsharingframeworkhasbeenacheevedween & gand the authorityofqianhaionoctober26, 2016 (ona 40/60% basis) followingtheir 50/50% interestspletonjune 18, 2016toco-developtheqianhaisite.thishould
21 February 2017 China: developer removethelong-lastingoverhangofbenefitdistributionbetween andgandthe
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Expeditethedevelopmentpacionandfurtherimprove the projectQuality. moreover, theshareoptionincentivescheme (including 49mnshares, 0.62%ofttal, interpretationpriceof 19.51%, 17% higherthanthecurrentshareprice (asof 17feb) and
I don't know what you're talking about, covering 254 copies, 1.3% per cent per year, announcedindemember 2016 shows how people manage's policy the promisinggrovethtrajectoryforcmskinthelongrun.
Extraordinarygain/lostobenolesthan 13/14 per cent/15 per cent beforethreethreexercisingperods), netprofit (3-yearcagrtobenolesthan 13 per cent) andstockprice (tobeaboveipolice the interestsofitskeyemproyees (specialmid-qvelmanagementandexecutive-level)
With the company's growth, which directly exposes investors' consultations between the company's priorities, on Jan17, 2017, and sskreedanupbeatprofitforfy 2016withnetprofitup92%--
102% yoy (orup 35%-42%vs.2015 proformanetprofit) torm9.3bn-rmb9.8bnorepsof rmb1.18-rmb1.24.apartromtheimpactof theminoritiesinterestarrangementin2015-2016postrucuring, atseaningsgrovethweremainlydrivenby 1) 33% yoyrisein
ianhaibaygardenin shenzhenwhochmonetized thelandbankvalue.majorrisksinclude: 1) salesandmarginmissonsignificant_lexpedsmarket
30/50%/50% from 2016levels (similarpercentagedrompeakto troughinsduringpastdowndowntowns); and 2) sublyoutpacingdemand, exercising pressure on otheroutookinszespciopublicaccessfuldevelopmentoftheszfreetrade
If you don't get it, you'll get it.
12%. Long-termconventioninsz, Furthassettionwith cmg other than the mpactfromchina'sshousingcycleswhochdrivesdevelopepers'stocksinabroader
Well, we find that it's not possible for you to use it as a tool, but it's not possible for you to use it as a tool, either.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Lookyonshort-termfluctions, Webrefersz's sousingmarketanebulishacross allrealestsetsectorsinthelongterm.weforeastthetotalcapitavalvalueofsz'sreal
It's not like you're the only one who's got it, but you're the only one who's got it.
China: Developer 2) researching GreaterGrieswith Parentgroup Wesefurthroomfort and ktoexporodiversifiedportfoliofpropertyassetswithincms/g's
I don't know what you're talking about, cross-border resources, andbelievepotentialsynergieshaveyettobepricedin.duringrecent years, thugsbeenconsolidadingvariousbusinesssementsunderitorborateembrella, bothinternallyandternally.
Nowgroveitsassetportfoliothoughdiversiverselandsoursources, suchasland injeactionandconversionthroughsoe'spropertyassesconsunidandcruisetown developmentsbadonyportassetsownby-cmg, thusservingasaline-upof
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're going to have to do it.
China: developer snapshotofcmsk'smajorurbanredevelopmentprojectswithvailableinformationensenchensen source:companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Source: shenzhenstatisticsbureau, shenzhenbanbanhousing construction planning 2016-2020, creis, centaline, cbre, dtz, jll, gaohuasecuitiesresearch.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
"shekouindustrialzone", madeituoneofthefirststonesin chinatoopenuptotheaidworld. andpossesseetreererebusinesssessions: (1)
...transportationandrelatedinfrastructure; (2) finance; and (3)property (zonesdevelopment, real situation).asofind-2015, cm'stalassetsamountedtorm 6.4tn (orrm660bowners'equity) and intergeneratedtatedtorealrevenuesorm281bnwithtotalprofitsfrb82.6bn, ranking#3among
Allcentralsoes.cmghastakesin29listidsubsidiaresinmainlandchina, Hongkongand singapore.chinamerchantsshuindustrialzoneco.,ltd.(csk)waslistidondec31,2015,
Postassetsrestructuringacros the propertydevelopmentbusinessofinamerchant properties (00024.sz;
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
employeestockownershiplan (0.36%), whharresubjectto36monthslock-upfromthelistindec2015. China: developer exhibit24: oura-sharevalificationcountryvisasedonthetargetpriceimpliedp/b-roe
Premium/discountagainstp/b-roetrendlinedduringstreamindustrydowndownside (2h13-2014)androe/levereagechangesdowncycle. (2) rootcollorcodingforres peractivequatile: 1q-darkblue, 2q-lightblue, 3q-lightgrey, 4q-darkgrey.source:dastastream, companydata, gaohasecritiesresearch.
Exhibit25: cmsk-quarterlyfinancialsummary source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch. China: Developer
Exhibit26: cmsk - financialssummary source: companydata, gaohuasecuritiesresearch.
Note: (1) *denesthestocksonourconvictionlist. (2) Our12-monthtargatepricesarresedonend-2017enavforcoverageuniversetextforrsmwichisbassedonsotp.exceptionsincludregent, Poly(h),forjurtschoolpisablenorfundamentalvaluation (basedonend-2017enav) andm&avalue.wederivem&avaluebasedonthemeanmultimpleimpliedbyrecententm&deals, witchemultulgatedjadforadpentium/discountort(p/b-roevs.sector) ), detiledindüdinport's "polysetassestillestalistalistypresentation” ;
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm talking about.
We, Li Wei, Wang Jing, cfa, hereby state that all views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the above-mentioned companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Li Wei: a share of real estate, China real estate. Wang Jing: a share of real estate, China real estate. a share of real estate: Happiness of Hua Xia, Combine, Vanko (a), Kimdi Group, Paulie Estate, Shige Mau shares, and Hong Kong City.
The company-related statutory disclosures, corporate ratings, research on industry and ratings and related definitions.
Manages the list of investments in the region, but the distribution of purchase and sale ratings in a particular industry may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Less than the historical fundamentals and/or valuations of the scope of the study. Suspension of ratings (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the issuance of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, if any, would no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspension of research (cs): We have suspended the company.
No research (nc): We did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report. This report is distributed in China by High China Securities.