Deep-farming storage, followed by a Chinese medal, 0608/2023 Keyword: #ExplosionExploitation

Technology and management, leading Attus to the top 5 in the world for 12 consecutive years, forward-lookingly, capped storage capacity in 2018 and scaled out in 2021. The company is a market with few two dragons, with 18.9gw/1.79gwh in 2022, a global market.
The future N-type technology penetration + the release of its own stored energy product, the company based on brand channels, has steadily followed the industry’s changes, and the light storage co-ordinates to 10,000 miles. The light storage parities are near space-wide, and the n-type east wind releases an iterative dividend. The price of silicon, lithium carbonate 2023.
The grids have fallen dramatically, the super-n-type starts have increased efficiency, the light-store parities have nearly boosted demand, and we expect 34% of the year's cagr, long space, and the downstream will continue to grow: 1) Overseas + Distributive Retentions are thicker. Silicon components are lower prices open to global surface space, and sea diplomacy is longer/distributive prices are higher.
The bottom efficiency will be 26%, and the efficiency + penetration double will yield a very strong reduction dividend, with a premium of 5%/w or more for type n, which will result in structural improvements in profitability. Lead companies will have financial and technological advantages and be able to do so on a week-by-week basis.
Quick rotation + technological change period shifts and forges advantages, with more dividends. The old leader has a strong edge, managing the flow of sails and ups and downs: 1) The brand channels are deep-deep, ploughing overseas high-value markets.
The number of State/cooperative distributors is 68,549 and continues to produce more than 70 per cent in distribution and overseas markets, with high-end markets building significant price advantages; 2) accelerated integrated expansion, with topcon lending driving profitability, high snowfalls, high-end markets for large-scale reserve owners, high-speed and performance growth, and the development of household savings associations. 1) Large-stock production +epc+ transport dimensions, increasing robust profit leaders.
Depending on the group ' s advantage, it is the few suppliers in the market that make +epc+ transport together, with the project landing + full life-cycle service capability ahead, with a reserve of nearly 23 gwh at the end of March 2023, with a high profit and a strong profit lead. 2) Households are placed in high-end markets, with a rapid collapse of savings and synergies.
The product was placed on the United States market in September 2022, and will be certified separately in the European Japanese market in 2023h1/h2. The company has a strong market branding channel abroad, and we expect the company to make a profit forecast and investment rating in 2023: the global energy transition, the light storage parities, the company's interlocking components and storage energy.
Photovoltaic storage can have two dragons, tearing back a and moving on. 1.1. Platoon veterans are back on their way.
In 2009, the parent company established the Atlas Sunshine Power Group Ltd., which was operating on the fast track, breaking many transformations.
The company began planning for storage energy research and development in 2018, and in 2021 it launched a scalable project delivery, officially entering the light storage co-development phase. In 2023, Csisolar, the major manufacturer under the banner of mother-in-law, was listed on the board and returned to a.
The realist industry is experienced and the leading company is growing steadily. The shareholders in the company are Ates Solar (csio), 62.24% after distribution (as of 10 July 2023). Xiaoqiao, Zhang Ice, the founder of the company and the interstate controller, indirectly holding 13.34% of the shares (as of 10 July 2023), the photovoltaic industry.
The company’s management is highly skilled and experienced. The company’s core management’s technical sophistication, the prejudging of the technology route, and its forward-looking approach to business layout determine whether the company can emerge and remain in the lead.
In addition, the company’s general manager, Chang Guangchun, has been a research and development source and has been engaged in the field of photovoltaics for many years, and has accumulated extensive industry experience and a profound understanding of the industry.
The high demand for light reserves in 2019-2022 led to high sales and a steady growth in corporate operating income of 47.536 billion yuan in 2022, an increase of 69.71 per cent.
The component business created a “low-sale + high-cost” gap for scissors, which led to a significant decline in the year 2021 when the company achieved a net return profit of $35 million. In 2022, the company adjusted its raw material procurement strategy to respond to the price increase for silicon, adding up to the pressure to increase the price of the raw material, and the company's performance back on track to achieve a return net profit of $2,157 million, with the same increase.
Corporate governance continues to be optimized, with a high return on profitability. In 2021, high upstream raw material prices led to higher costs, with the company ' s Māori ratio of 9.26 per cent, a decline of 9.21 ptt compared to the previous year; in 2022, the profit raw material procurement strategy was adjusted to respond to silicon increases.
2.15 pct; 2023q1 silicon price drops in cost, and the company ' s Māori ratio rises further to 15.91%, or 7.04 pct. In 2018-2022, the company ' s cost rate continued to decline during the period due to the decoupling of power station operations, while the 2022 dollar appreciation resulted in a lower financial cost rate for exchange gains. The sales/management/research and development/financial cost ratios were respectively in 2022.
Photovoltaic + storage power double-wheel-drive growth, and silicon prices rise to profitability. The company’s main business is photovoltaic components and storage energy systems. Since 2019, when the company removed offshore power stations and operations from its controlling shareholder, csiq, the photovoltaic group has continued to grow, with cagr reaching 24.83%, mainly as a result of the continuous increase in downstream demand to add to the company’s component production.
In 2021, high prices caused by structural shortages of receptible silicone dropped to 8.11%, cost pressures eased in 2022 and Māori recovered to 11.65%. With regard to storage operations, the Public Administration cut in in 2018 and achieved a significant increase in delivery in 2021, with the large storage system collecting 34.16 billion dollars in 2022.
With 760 staff members in service, an increase of 36.94 per cent, or 4.44 per cent, of the total number of employees, and an increase of 0.03 pct, the same increase in the number of scientific research personnel. The company values R & D inputs, the strength of scientific research, the continuous promotion of photovoltaic components up and down, and the conversion efficiency of the N components has entered the industry leadership team, according to taiyangnews.
In June 2023, Global Topmodulelist, the company ' s Topcon component ranked 10th in the overall list with 22.5% conversion efficiency. As of 31 December 2022, companies had been authorized to patent 2044 patents, including 303 patents for inventions, and technical standards were in the forefront of the industry.
The net amount is $6.628 billion. The capital-raising investment projects are organized around the main business, with capacity-support and expansion projects/research projects/current capital replenishments proposed to use the investment-raising fund of $26.5/1.12 billion respectively. Through the implementation of the fund-raising project, the company’s production capacity will be expanded and existing technology will be further upgraded.
Keep going, the company will stay in the first row of the components, while actively promoting the storage of energy, the photolithic co-operation of the fast 2. Photovoltaic price new cycle, the accelerated concentration of the components 2.1. Global parities, the stars and seas.
As countries increasingly focus on environmental protection and the cost of photovoltaic power is falling, photovoltaics are becoming the cheapest form of energy in most countries and regions around the world. The downside of silicon prices drives demand for ground-based power plants, with domestic demand increasing by 160gw+ in 2023, or 83%+.
The system of “1+n” policies was formally established to identify the 2030 carbon peak and the 2060 carbon-neutral core pathways, supported by multiple policies such as windy bases, energy consumption controls, etc., which together boosted the growth of domestic photovoltaic machines. In 2023, silicon production was released, supply and demand returned to balance, and prices fell leading to an increase in end-to-end returns, driving the backlog of land with high components prices in 2021-2022.
Roughly 120%, distributed 80gw+, with an increase of 55% +, and domestic overall installation needs 160gw+, with an increase of 83% +. Photo-storage parity is expected to gradually grow from ancillary energy sources to primary energy sources, and we expect global photovolts (370gw+) to be 50% + in 23 years, up to 570gw+ in 25 years, and 34% in 22-25 years cagr in 2023.
Electricity prices have fallen, household market growth has slowed, the European Commission has announced an increase in the total renewable energy target from 32% to 42.5% in 2030, and component price falls have created an effective stimulus for high prices in Europe, which have been released on the ground. The United States has benefited from a two-year back-up exemption from South-East Asia, exporting America’s marginal repairs, while the local rules of production support photovoltaic hair.
High demand in Asia and Africa, severe electricity shortages in South Africa, government tax incentives to stimulate photovoltaic demand; high demand for electricity in South-East Asia; energy transition with high ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and downs on photovoltaics. Good overseas policies, silicon, and lithium carbonate, are on the rise, and we expect the year 2023 to continue, with an increase of 210gw+, or 35%+, worldwide.
On a global scale, we expect 477/572gw in 2024/2025, and 477/572gw in 2030.
2.2. The components have advantages, and the accelerated upgrading of the N-type of industry is gradually becoming market mainstream and the wave of change in the early deployment of the N-type battery is becoming market mainstream because of its efficiency advantages, compared to the P-type efficiency premium, and the N-type share of the battery market is now increasing, based on pvinfolink.
In 2023, the n ratio was more than 30%, and in 2024 it will be more than 70%. Companies responded to market trends, pre-positioning and breakthroughs, with 22.5% of the Topcon component currently operating, leading the industry, and 6-8gw of the company’s 2023 N component planned for delivery, stabilizing with a wave of technological change in the N-to-p model.
In recent years, it has been able to achieve multi-phase integrated production, with the integration rate of the component companies determining the cost, and with an increase in the barriers to competition in the industry as a result of the physicalization trend. In terms of output, we expect that in 2023 Lungi will deliver 85gw, 70gw, and 70gw.
Crystal 60-65gw, Sky 60-65gw, Artes 30-35gw, based on the 2023 demand of 370gw+, 1.2 by comparison, industry delivery of cr5 was up to 70%, with a further increase in concentration of about 4 pct. Artes, as the old light, vollon head, has a deep and long-standing leader in brand channels, leading by 12 years of component output.
Five, we expect the company to continue its position in the industry in 2023. The company’s distribution and overseas components are relatively high in terms of output and share, and the external and distributed market’s price advantage is to build its own alpha. 2.3. Silicon prices go down + the n variant, with a strong long-term growth of the components.
The supply of silicon in 2022, the release and price reduction of silicon production in 2023, upstream bottlenecks to stimulate higher downstream demand, and components ' profitability will continue to increase: 1) component orders are made in advance, silicon prices are reduced faster than components, cost space is opened and components are undervalued in silicon.
More price-resilient and profit-making space in the process; 2) N-type product sales have increased, and we expect industry-n penetration to be over 30/70 per cent by 2023/2024, to be 26 per cent more effective at year end, to Topcon batteries with both penetration and efficiency gains.
3. Photovoltaic: Silicon material is placed in the sky and costs are reversed at lower cost 3.1. Brand channels have significant advantages, high premium markets have high yields and price advantages are evident
The quality and longevity of the components determine the age of the photovoltaic power plant, which in turn affects the generation earnings of the photovoltaic system and bank financing ratings, and therefore the demand from downstream customers for component manufacturers is constantly increasing, with particular emphasis on high-quality component brands. In the terrestrial power station market, companies have been settling and accumulating for many years.
By the end of 2022, the company had been rated Bnef for eight consecutive years as the most financingable photovoltaic component brand, of which 7 years were available 100%, and certified that the company ' s products were reliable and easily bankable. In distributed markets, components were front-loaded distributors/instowers, with consumer properties, channels and brand creation, and were gradually becoming components.
In terms of the number of countries covered by global channels, the number of channels and the number of examples of installed customers, Attez is far more competitive. Overall, Attez brands and channels have significant advantages and are less influenced by new entrants.
The cost ratio is high, so the price of the components is less sensitive, but it is more demanding for the performance, quality and reliability of the product. According to data on pvinfolink and pvxchange, the average cost of the distributed/centralized components of US$ 2023q1 is approximately $3.53.93/w (converted to RMB 1:6.84), and the average price of the mainstream market in Europe is about $2.20/w (based on data from pvinfolink and pvxchange)
The euro is converted from RMB 1:7.42 to an average premium of RMB 0.46~1.78/w for domestic centralized components. Our component manufacturers are generally more profitable to U.S. exports. We expect the U.S. Māori export rate for 2023 to be about 25-30%, the single-watt net profit is about 0.4-0.5 yuan, the Europe, Japan and Brazil distribution markets are about 0.2 yuan, and the Chinese and Indian markets are about 1.2 yuan.
Overseas and distributed components account for a higher share of output, increasing performance on United States exports. Corporate global channels have a significant advantage, with components predominantly based on high-end markets abroad, and we expect the company to deliver 25gw abroad in 2023, accounting for the total volume (including).
The distribution system is maintained at 70%, and overseas high-end distribution is expected to account for 50% of total shipments (including distributed systems) +. In 2022, the company distribution component delivered 11.6gw, and we expect distribution components to reach 17.6gw in 2023, accounting for about 50% of total shipments (including distributed systems), and distribution components to have a premium against centralized components.
The U.S. is the second largest market for company components, with the U.S. exempting the U.S. from a two-year South-East Asian import duty, the U.S. exempts the U.S. from utility import duties, and the U.S. has a 4.2gw battery and assembly capacity in South-East Asia, which is expected to increase to 12gw by the end of 2023, while the company announces its investment with the support of the policy of the U.S.
US$ 250 million to expand the production capacity of the 5gw component in Texas for high premium + high-profit US market. In 2022, the company component increased its delivery to the US by about 39 per cent, with a 13 per cent market share. In 2023, the South-East Asian production land market was less sensitive to the price of the component, and the company’s overseas export ratio fully benefited from the premium, highlighting the profit advantage.
3.2. Post-emerging production is unburdened, completes the integration chain, increases the profit of the thick components and steadily expands upstream, while the cost of the components is continuously optimized. The company ' s photovoltaic capacity continues to be increased by code and replenishs the upstream pullers and increases more than in 2023, with the company planning forward 80% self-supply for silicon tablets/cells/assemblies.
In August 2022, the company signed an agreement with the Haidong municipality of Qinghai Province to invest in the whole industry chain project, which included an investment of 18 billion dollars in the first phase for the construction of 30gw monocrystal bars, 80gw , 10gw monochips, 10gw batteries, 5gw components and others.
5gw attachment project, which began construction in July 2023, with a punctuation project, with production planned for March 2024, and construction planned for September 2023, with production planned for September 2024. The company’s expansion focused on silicon tablets and silicon production capacity, which will help optimize the cost of the final components.
The city’s share has risen steadily and its leader is strong. Overall, the company’s expansion is well planned and, based on the high-speed city 3.3.n multi-line layout, the topcon volume contribution increases in output topcon and the 2023 contribution increases.
The advantages of a high double face rate, low decay, etc., generate efficiency gains, so there is a premium at the end of the sale. According to pvinfolink data, since March 2023, a double-sided 182mm component type n relative to p has a premium of $0.08-0.1/w. The company pre-positioned and put into production in the N-type battery area, with the company moving in for an 8gw phase at the end of April 2023.
The topcon battery project is operational, mass production is expected in July, phase two is expected to start in 2023h2 and start production in 2024h1 and 14gw and 8gw in Yang County and Thailand will be operational by the end of 2023. Topcon battery target yield efficiency is significantly higher than 23% per cent of perc, and with future integration, the cost of topcon is expected to be even.
Perc, with high premiums from new technologies. We expect company totcon in 2023/2024, in addition, the company's 250mwhjt test line has been put into production at 2021q1 and 2021q4 has been delivered for the first time. The Hjt battery produced an average production efficiency of about 25% in 2022, mainly for high-end distribution markets overseas, but at higher cost.
High, 2022. The topcon drop path is clear, and there is much room for efficiency gains. Currently, the industry topcon produces silver slurry at 12-13 mg/w levels, which can be optimized in the future through grid boards, slurry is optimized to reduce silver consumption, and slurry is expected to be 8-to-1.
9 mg/w, equal to current perc silver consumption. In addition, the n silicon silicon used by Topcon is reduced to 130 μm, while the p silicon is expected to increase significantly below 150 μm debris ratios and continue to be more difficult to reduce, with the advantage of topcon in silicon costs. On efficiency gains, topcon is now expected to increase by 0.2% by importing laser se technology.
Up to 0.3-0.4 per cent of the efficiency gains from technologies such as top-down polly silicon thickness optimization, slurry improvement, silicon quality improvement, etc. The average output efficiency of Topcon at the end of 2023 is expected to increase to 26.0 per cent +. 3.4. Distributed system brands, customised service depth market
Distributed systems have high brand maturity, flexible forms of sales, and experienced installation. Atlas Sun Garden (sungarden) was launched in 2009 at high-end overseas markets, focusing on distributed roof system solutions to strengthen market leadership through product differentiation and value-added services.
By September 2022, the company had more than 150,000 users worldwide, with the largest number of installed and most experienced roof photovoltaic systems worldwide.
In 2020, Attez launched the one-stop capital butler epc package to provide customized design services to users and build power plants throughout their life cycle.
The company relies on Internet technology and information technology. The first cloud intelligence service platform, one person, one set of equipment and one hour to quickly measure the area available on the roof, and, in conjunction with electricity, to design the most compatible modelling solutions that make it easier for consumers. The company installs a one-stop shop that is carefree, easy and customized.
The epc service, combined with a 24-hour quick-response mechanism on the team line, is the core competitiveness of the distributed system of companies! Distributive revenue growth accelerated, with a higher share of profits. In 2019-2022, the distributed photovoltaic system received a rapid increase, with cagr reaching 62.77 per cent, and distributed system operating revenue of $3.932 billion in 2022, with a similar increase.
As silicon production capacity is released, corporate distributed system operations are about to be repaired for profit, and we expect that corporate distribution system exports will increase to 3.21/4.69gw in 2023/2024. 3.5 Cost down + technology rotation, reducing efficiency gains to boost long-term growth
In 2023, silicon supply bottlenecks were resolved, prices were reduced, and the 2024 N replacement accelerated terminal efficiency increase was expected to be more than 70%. Looking at the industrial chain reduction efficiency gains over the long term, driving light price parity to release long-term space, the components were expected to grow.
Long. Considering the futures properties of the components, we expect the components to fall below silicon in 2023, while the companies, as overseas and distributed producers, retain a much thicker profit than the higher-than-distribution rate, have fallen back to historical averages, and the more profitable N-based stock ratio will lead to structural excellence, and we expect the company components to have a higher profit margin in 2023.
4.1. Public-to-house demand resonance, high-to-house energy sector economics are the core driving force and public-to-house demand resonance. 1) Large reserves: large-scale storage markets are dominated by Central and Eastern Europe.
The United States is currently the world’s largest reserve market, with a highly marketed power spot mechanism, and most of the region is economically viable. The 2022 Inflation Reduction Act extended the insulation ten years, covering the first-ever exclusive storage, aiding the upgrading of the storage capacity, and the United States’ gold reserve for 10 years.
In the future, with market-based profit mechanisms further developed, the free-for-profit space will be scaled up to accelerate the growth of the country’s large reserves.
In 2023, the European gas spot price fell, driving electricity prices down, but in 2023, we expect the EU residents to have an average of about 25 Euros/kwh, and the European residents’ “new steadyness” is higher than the “old” price, which will boost the economy of the households by a significant increase from 2021.
By the end of 2022, through the price differentials at the Nem3.0 Peak, the Pyrovoltized Household Repository Irr would have been significantly lower than the Pyrovoltaic Project, irrr, and household storage needs would have risen faster under policy-driven policies. Storage is an important support for the energy continuum, with global development entering the fast track.
The power generation ratio is increasing, while power storage applications can increase the use of new energy sources and reduce grid loads. With future policy-driven and technological breakthroughs, the market space is expanding, and the light storage is synergizing, it is expected that the photovoltaic will grow from ancillary energy sources to a major source of energy in the future. We expect that the global reserve will be installed in 2023/2025.
4.2. Deep-ploughing the US storage market, with a well-positioned project reserve, provides a one-size-fits-all solution based on the layout of American power stations, which manufactures +epc+. The initial investment in overseas storage power stations is high, and the owners value the developers ' full life-cycle development of service capabilities to reduce risk.
The power station operation at Globallenergy started initial branding and was established to store and certify product quality, project investment gains on its own power station, and to achieve the same manufacturing +epc+vid capability, with the project landing + technology matching + full life cycle service capability leading and widely favoured by overseas energy agencies.
The project was well-stocked and of high quality, with a robust profit lead. In 2022, the Ates Reserve continued to operate, with a volume of 1.79gwh, with a net interest rate of 5-6% (reverser extraction), with a higher self-supply rate for the reverse transformers in the same year, with a net interest rate of 3% and 5% respectively for the power supply, with the company ' s large profit-capability industry leading, mainly in the United States.
The market was more than 80%. As a result of the scarcity of lithium carbonate in the previous period and the price hike, companies were able to pick up orders at a slightly lower rate in the second half of 2022, resulting in a fall in the same price in the first half of 2023, but the price of lithium carbonate fell back, market demand erupted and companies seized the opportunity to accelerate the signing of the papers, and by the end of March 2023, the group had been under the banner of a recurtenergy.
The reserve was over 47gwh, with the company approaching 23gwh in the third-party global reserve, with a large increase of 1.92gwh by the same 7 per cent as in 2023, and the company ' s full capacity at Grand Fung Harbour, which is expected to be released in large quantities. 4.3. Introduction of an independent storage capacity brand and continued expansion of manufacturing end-use capacity
The company’s large storage capacity provides a solution for storage systems on the side of the grid and on the side of the power supply. The company’s storage capacity has rapidly developed the required technology since its 2018 planning, and has so far produced a large amount of energy products through the harshest ul9540a test in the industry, using project resources accumulated over the years by the parent company’s epc team.
In September 2022, the company released a new solbank energy cabinet, a phosphate lithium cell, a liquid cooling and humidity control programme, and a proactive balancing bms technology, with a system of up to 2.8 mwh, one of the safest and most reliable storage systems in large-scale terrestrial power station applications.
In terms of capacity, the company has developed a 2.5gw inversion capacity in Suzhou, and by the end of 2023 we expect to form a 10gwh pack capacity, with a self-supplied Māori ratio of over 10 per cent, a net interest rate of about 6 per cent, followed up by some pcs, etc., which can help companies further reduce costs and maintain a level of leadership in the profitability industry.
4.4. Household deposits are placed in high-end markets, Ates is able to have high-prevalence barriers, Euro-American storage patterns are highly concentrated, and companies work with photovoltaics to open markets. Based on the safe properties of household deposits, end consumers have higher requirements for brand quality, and there is a general preference for market-certified brands and products.
At the same time, the market for products requires local certification because of varying standards. According to eupdresearch, the German household stock market of 2022h1 was as high as 65%.
Of these, 45% were enphase. The share of the head business was higher. The company actively seized the rapidly growing city of offshore household stock demand, with a total of 22 channels covering eight countries, with 187 examples of customers installed, including 81% in the Brazilian and United States markets, and it is expected that the company will sell in conjunction with photovoltaic products, given its brand name profile in the United States market.
Atsepcube has a unique advantage in the subject matter. The company actively seized the market opportunities of the rapidly growing demand for overseas household deposits and first launched the product in September 2022, placing it on the United States market and subsequently receiving European/Japanese certification for 2023/h1/h2.
Given the company’s brand profile in the US market, it is expected to open up the market quickly, in collaboration with photovoltaic products.
U.S./European market certification in September 2222, followed by Japanese certification in September 22H1. Overseas households have higher sales prices, and companies expect Māori rates to be around 30%. Household storage channels overlap with distributed light, while corporate distribution channels are strong, while demand from Euro-American and Japanese markets is strong.
We expect the company to deliver 80-90mwh over 23 years, and make a breakthrough of 0-1. The company will quickly open the market and contribute to the growth of its performance by using its own photovoltaic channels. Key business forecasts: considering that the company has built up a good brand and channel advantage in the global market, as well as energy transformation.
In the context of the rapid growth in global light-storage demand, we expect total corporate operating income for 2023-2025 to be strong, based on the demand for light storage in the context of the global energy transition, and the market position of the company as the first enterprise in the industry to operate on a panorama basis, and we have chosen to raise and give 30 per cent weight to the east side of the company, which is the same as the component-plus storage plant;
On the other hand, we have chosen to give 20 per cent weight to co-manufacturers of co-ops, crystal energy, and on the other hand, on storage operations, I have chosen large savers to store the tap sun power, and we have given 10 per cent weight to sun power based on the share of the company ' s storage capacity; on the other hand, we have selected integrated configurations, and we have given 10 per cent weight to the component manufacturer Lungi green energy, crystals technology and weights.
In the case of the company component, the channel brand advantage is large + the ratio of overseas high premium markets to higher + the rate of integration continues to drop, building firm volume, price and cost advantages; In the case of the storage capacity business, large storage operations are able to rely on the group advantage, which is a small part of the market that manufactures +epc+ transport.
There is an increase in competition based on the dual role of company components and storage capacity. There are more competitors in the photovoltaic component, storage capacity, and the expansion of production capacity, which, if increased, will have an impact on the profitability of the company.
Predictable changes in photovoltaic policies. Global photovoltaic storage capacity is still at a high rate of development, with the introduction, implementation and landing of pilot policies having a greater impact on the market, and corporate business development will fall short of expectations if policies are not advanced. 3) Offshore expansion is not as high as expected: a large proportion of corporate products are exported, subject to geopolitics and economies across the world.
As a result, the growth of overseas sales is volatile, thus affecting corporate performance. Attez’s three major financial forecasting tables, East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., have become eligible for portfolio investment advisory services with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.