To promote the growth of the icp etching, to form the epi/lpcvd development team, including the company ccp etching equipment that has entered the volume line of the international first-line crystal round-worker, with a high market rate, and an increase of 100 per cent in the same number of the online running stations of the icp etching device in 2021, marks a public gain.
In parallel, the company continues to expand the platform of the three-dimensional development strategy, actively digging for new growth points in the broad and emerging areas.
The semiconductor device structure 3D, investment density increase, etc., increases the need for corrosion equipment. Although multiple exposure reduction steps for euv in the process below 7 nm tend to be significant, the demand for the device does not decrease inversely due to the technical difficulty of corrosion.
The number of etching steps required to advance to 5nm has increased significantly by almost three times; the ratio of investment in etching equipment has also increased from 20% of 2dnand to 50% of 3dnand when the memory is stacked in 3d structures to break through the physical poles.
The ccp corrosion plant has reached 35-40% of the local market, while the icp corrosion device is in the discharge phase. The company’s ccp corrosion device already covers about 70% of the ccp etching process.
The application covered 65 nm-5nm micro-devices in the front-track process, with 34 per cent of the country ' s leading 3dnand plant ' s 64th floor, 35 per cent of the city ' s 128th floor, and 28nm crystal mills in the country for months to date
The company ' s icpnanova online equipment reached 55 receptors in 2020, with 70 process applications, mainly for logic clients, 3dnand customers, and a medium half-conductor in 2020.
A new generation of icp etching devices, prmotwin-star, was officially released for use in the front and post-channel guidance/mediamap etching applications, and a variety of processors such as layout epi, rpcvd, measurement, cmp, etc. were expanded to target markets.
On the basis of the advantage area of icp, ccp etching, emphasis is placed on extending equipment for integrated circuit processes such as film deposition, measuring equipment, etc. In the area of film deposition, the company shares an average of three-month transactions (million yuan)
Obtain duplicate pecvd orders on the mainstream 12-inch production line, such as the Yangtze storage and the China Rainbow Tinless Project; Net Debt Ratio (%) (2021e) The company has formed an epi equipment development team with a major focus on faundry/logicdevice, the main application
Epi process in Yusi, si/ge; an lpcvd development team has been formed to focus on memorydevice, mainly for sedimentation processes such as w,wn,tin.
The net profit amounts to 460 million yuan, 660 million yuan, and 840 million yuan, respectively.
Growth, 20210429 China Insignia: The risk of corrosion equipment becoming the main force of growth, icp carving, the risk of technology being counter-exceeded; the risk of downstream client expansion falling short of expectations; the industry climate cycle
20210401 S.I.S.I.S.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.
Corporate positioning of high end semiconductor equipment for microprocessing, and development of large vacuum process equipment for processing micro-tools, including plasma etching and chemical film equipment.
Plasma etching equipment, the most critical processing equipment for the transformation of storage from 2d to 3d structure and for the reduction of the width of the logical device
The ion corrosion device Primod-rie began and has so far been successfully developed for the first generation of dual reaction stations Primod-rie, the second generation of dual reaction stations Primoad-rie, the first generation single reaction station multi-moral etching device Primosscad-rie, the second generation single response station multi-moral etching equipment Primohd-rie and the two-reaction station medium corrosion agent Primoidea 5 ccp
Erosion equipment, covering a wide range of etching applications for 65 nm, 40 nm, 28 nm, 20 nm, 14 nm, 10 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm microscopes. The electrosensive plasma etching equipment (icp) is used mainly for etching single crystal silicon, multi-crystal silicon, etc. since mid-2012.
The development of an icp etching device has so far been successful in developing a single-reaction table for primonanova etching equipment and a dual-reaction table for primo twin-star etching equipment, covering mainly etching applications of micro-mechanical devices below 1 x nanometers, which can carve various media and conductor materials, with characteristics of uniform response, controllability and high precision.
In response to the market demand for advanced encapsulation of integrated circuits, mems micromechanical system chips and cosmogometers for the development of the sensor industry, the company has developed prmo tsv, which is widely applied in these areas.
The company’s Prismo series of products has autonomous intellectual property rights and is a leader in global nitrous nitrous mocvd equipment.
The production of mocvd equipment, prismod-blue, has been adopted and produced in bulk by the mainstream led production line; as many as 4 reaction cavities can be configured and the prismoa7 capable of processing 136 4 inches or 56 6 inches of chip simultaneously applies to large-scale excavated led and has taken a leading position in the global nitrogenated ledmocvd market. In addition, it applies to deep UV Led extensions.
Prismohit3, which is capable of processing 4 inches, 6 inches of chip and process to 2 inches, and 8 inches of transient chip, has been certified for production by industry’s leading customers for deep UV-led and has obtained duplicate orders.
IL, as the company ' s semiconductor equipment product lines were gradually expanded and scaled up for sale, in 2020 and in 2021q1, the revenue from the sale of corrosion equipment was $1,289.348 million, an increase of approximately 58.49 per cent and 63.75 per cent over the same period, leading the international lead in plasma etching technology, which accounts for the revenues of specialized equipment, and the mocvd equipment market has wide scope for growth.
Prototype 3nm etching machine alpha prototype design, manufacture, testing and initial process development and evaluation have also been completed, validated through customer validation and input into production lines.
At present, in the field of led manufacturing equipment, the mocvd technology for blue light led outer extensions has reached maturity, but the mocvd equipment market has reached a level of maturity when the storage chip manufacturing chain, the company's ccp etching equipment, can be used for the production of 3dnand flash chips on the 64th and 128th floors and can achieve a higher depth ratio.
Space is still growing, and applications could be expanded to include power devices for electrical electronics; UV light led for disinfection and plant growth; and the demonstration of technological revolutions and miniled, microled, etc., for high-end displays. According to ihs market, the mocvd device of the emblem in mid-2018 accounted for as much as 41% of the market share of the world ' s new nitrazine base ledmocvd.
According to market.us, the market size of the mocvd will double to $1.638 billion by 2028, with an average annual composite growth rate The light carver, plasma etching equipment, chemical film equipment are three of the most critical elements for the manufacture of micro-sets such as integrated circuits, led chips, and the completion of the 14 nanometer or less of the logical device process would need to be combined with chemical film equipment and plasma etching equipment
Both corrosion equipment and thin film equipment as the precision depth and density requirements for micro-tools are advanced
Erosion equipment as a large category of equipment for the ic process involves most of the process components of crystal round manufacturing. For example, in logic circuits, Feol (the previous process), which involves sti etching, side wall etching, multi-crysilica wire etching, etc., and in beol (the latter process), which involves puncture etching, ditch etching, metal etching, etc. Erosion is the key technology next to light in crystal circle manufacturing.
Art is closely related to light or thin membrane deposition processes, cleaning, measuring, etc.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something.
The corrosion equipment accounts for 20% of the equipment in the ic process and is increasing from year to year. The crystal circle manufacturing equipment can be classified into more than ten categories of corrosion, light engraving, thin film deposition, detection, coating, ion mixing, etc. The total combined investment usually accounts for about 70-80% of the total investment in the entire crystal circle plant, of which the etching equipment, photo-engineer, and thin film deposition equipment are the most important three types of equipment in the production process of the pre-integrated circuit.
According to gartner, in 2020, corrosion equipment accounted for 20% of the market size of the crystal circle manufacturing equipment, compared to 21% of the market for light-carrying equipment, and in 2021, the market for corrosion equipment is expected to be more than $15 billion. According to relevant research institutions, the global market for corrosion equipment fluctuates over a long period of time between $3 billion and $5 billion, but with the development of integrated circuit technology, the average annual market size of corrosion equipment rose to 6.3 billion in 2015-2016.
In 2019, despite international marginalism, the global market for corrosion equipment declined slightly to $11.5 billion, and remained at $12 billion in 2020. According to Semi’s latest forecast at the end of 2020, the semiconductor equipment industry will reach $71.8 billion in 2021.
In the United States dollar, about one-fifth of the corrosion equipment will be close to $14.4 billion, and given the sharp increase in capital spending at the international mainstream crystal mills downstream early this year, we expect the size of the corrosion equipment market to exceed $15 billion by 2021. According to gartner, the share of corrosion equipment in the crystallized manufacturing equipment market continues to rise year after year.
11.2 per cent, which continued to rise to 29 per cent in 2020, with an average annual increase of 1.6 percentage points, mainly due to:
(a) The number of steps increased from 40 in 28nm to 160 in 5nm, a threefold increase;
The value of the etching process has increased significantly, and so has the importance of the etching process. According to the performance statement for mid-2020, the share of the storage of manufacturing equipment has risen from 20% of the 2dand to 50% of the 3dnand.
For the most rapidly growing categories of process equipment, the second is chemical film equipment, which grows at an average rate of 16% per year. The growth rate of both devices is significantly higher than the industry average. Erosion equipment, including conductor etching (silicon base etching, metal etching) and media etching, accounts for about 50% and 48%.
Silicon etching is dominated by crystal silicon, polycrysil, silicon, etc.; metal etching is a continuous drop in aluminium, tungsten, copper, alloys, etc., due mainly to the substitution of aluminium interconnection by copper in the process below 90 nm, resulting in the replacement of metal etching in Damascus, which dominates the gold substrate etching process. Mass etching consists mainly of silicon oxide, silicon nitrous, light etching, etc., and is an important development for the third generation semiconductor.
Global etching equipment market competition patterns: corrosion equipment is monopolized by the three main players in the international arena. Global corrosion equipment is largely monopolized by the three applications, amat, pan forest semiconductor lam, and Tokyo Electronic Tel, all of which grow from etching machines. In this case, media etching is monopolized by Tel and Lam, and the conductor base etching is monopolized by Lam and amat.
The etching equipment is focused on media etching, the amat's etching equipment is focused on silicon base etching, and the lam's silicon base etching equipment and media etching are in the vanguard of the industry. The etching equipment has a national production rate of 20-25%, which is higher than many other processes.
According to our statistics, the rate of national production of corrosion equipment is 22%, which is basically in line with the level of national production of pvd, cmp, cleaning equipment, thermal treatment equipment (higher rate of national production of decoupled equipment), higher than the level of ald, cvd, luminators, coating cameras, measuring equipment, copper-plating equipment.
Medium-forest semiconductor lamresearch accounts for 54%, Tel 15%, and appliance material amat 9%. National etching brands consist mainly of China, North China, North China, and Jing Tang semiconductor, of which the MSMEs account for 13%, North China 6%, and Eing Tang semiconductor about 3%.
Medium micro: ccp carves at the top of the local market, icp carves the commercial path, ccp carves the carved equipment into ccp carvings (market size $4.8 billion), icp etchings (market size $7.6 billion), ale, other carving devices, ccp and icp are currently being developed and will be laid ale and other corrosion devices in the future.
ccp etching of the Chinese emblem: (1) city share of the country's leading 3dnand factory: 34 per cent of the country's 64-storey production line and 35 per cent of the country's 128-storey production line; (2) market share of the country's 28nm crystalline factory is 39 per cent. (3) market share of the 22nm production line of a crystal mill in Taiwan, China, is 22 per cent, and market share of the 14nm production line of a Translator factory in Taiwan, China, is 24 per cent; (4) in China,
The market share of the 20nm line of a dram factory in Taiwan was 26% (9/22layer), 37% (12/22layer). (5) The average rate of ccp in the maturity process (e.g. 55 nanometers) was over 50%.
Blogic clients, 3dnand clients, and 3dnand clients in 2021 will increase procurement by a large percentage. ccp compared to icp etching technology. Plasma etching equipment includes capacitative plasma etching equipment (ccp, capacitivelycoupledplasma) and electrolytic plasma
An etching device (icp, actually coupledplatma). The icp etching technology has emerged since the 1980s and now has a market share of more than ccp, which is equivalent to more than 50% of the etching market.
Capacitative plasma etching reaction cavity electrosensive plasma etching response cavity radio frequency exchange
Power generator
Plasma current, low frequency communication tovacuumpum
Plasma current, power generator, radio frequency exchange.
TovacuumPum Power Generator, high-frequency communication
Power generator Medium silver securities ccp capacitation plasma etching equipment: mainly high-energy ions carved deep holes with higher depth-wide depths on a hard medium material.
Microstructures such as deep ditches, such as medium materials for etching oxidates, nitrogen compounds, etc., which require high-energy ion reaction etching; icp electron plasma etching equipment: by adding radio frequency voltage to the electromagnetic loop outside the reaction chamber, in the reaction chamber, a rapidly changing sensor magnetic field will generate a sensory field in the cavity chamber, allowing the initial electron to acquire energy and produce low-temperature plasma.
The icp etchings are mainly softer and thinner materials with lower ion energy and very even ion concentrations, such as silicon, polysilicon, etc. The current global market for corrosion equipment is over $12 billion, of which the market size of ccp etching is $4.8 billion, and the market rules of icp etching
The company has released an icp etching device for nanovatwin-star, each of which can function as a single-reaction counter, with no interconnection between the two stations.
Most etching applications use dual-reaction stations and reduce operating costs for customers. Medium-sized ccp etching is at the top of the local market. ccp etching is highly variable: Medium- and Micro has successfully developed two-reaction stations with very high frequency (VHF) decoupling plasma etching equipment.
d-rie, primoad-rie, single-reaction counter multi-moral etching equipment primossscad-rie, primohd-rie and two-reaction table media etchings of nano, 7 nano and 5 nanometer microscopic devices, and starting to target backend processes such as metal perforation, passivation layer etching, etc., which have already done under 10 nm, such as the membrane plate etching. ccp etching devices for the current company's corrosion series
The market position of the mid-ccp etching is reflected mainly in: the market share of the country's leading 3dnand plant: 34 per cent of the 64-storey production line and 35 per cent of the 128-storey market; and 39 per cent of the country's 28nm crystal mill.
In Taiwan, China, 22% of the 22nm production line is listed, and in Taiwan, China, 14nm production line is listed on the 20nm line of a dram factory in Taiwan, China, 26% (9/22layer), and 37% (12/22layer) are listed in mature programs like 55 nm, and in China, the market share of the ccp market is already over 50%.
The central emblem semiconductor officially released a new generation of electro-sensor coupling plasma (icp) etching equipment, Primo twin-star, during the 2021 season of Semiconchina, for use in the front and back-track guidance/mediamide applications of the device. Compared to the original prmonanova:
In the second half of 2020, the sale of the product was driven by the expansion of the stock of customers stored in the country. The market for primonova etching equipment was continuously upgraded.
At the same time, the company's dual-reaction station icp etching device, characterized by high output rates, has also been certified on the client. The product uses the international leading, unique dual-reaction platform design concept, which follows most of the hardware features of the Primonanovaicp, enabling the platform to boost the productivity of the client unit's financial input while performing good etching functions, thereby enriching the irp.
By 2020, the number of icp online response cavities increased by 100% compared to the beginning of the year. As microscopic devices become smaller and thinner, the energy of the plasma solution becomes less compatible, and line width control is very precise, and irp performance is more superior and ion energy is more manageable.
High, applicable to conductor etching and insulation. According to China and Micro 2020 performance statements, the number of icp online operational cavities was 2, 8, 21, 27 and 55 in descending order from 2016 to 2020, and is expected to reach more than 90 in 2021, and the number of clients will also reach such areas as fabric film deposition, measurement, cmp, etc., and the general semiconductor area
The platform contours of semiconductor equipment are beginning to be extended by the integrated circuit process equipment, which focuses on membrane sedimentation, measuring equipment, etc., building on the niche area of icp, ccp etching.In the global semiconductor equipment market, corrosion, membrane deposition, cmp, measuring equipment together account for nearly 50 per cent of the current procurement requirements.
ccp etching equipment five times the market space for equipment. Dembrane sedimentation equipment: participation in stock enhancement and formation of epi, cvd product development teams. The company also actively digs for outreach opportunities in the area of membrane sedimentation.
Repeated pecvd orders were obtained on the production line. According to the Medium and Micro 2020 performance statement, China and Micro had formed a pi equipment development team, mainly focused on the si, si/ge pi process; and an lpcvd development team focused on memorydevice, mainly on the w, wn, tin, etc.
Medium and Micro has formed teams to develop epi devices, with a major focus on faundry logicdevice, the main application
Yes si, si/geepi has formed a team to develop lpcvd devices, with a major focus
Memorydevice, the main application is w,wn,tin and so on. Shen Yangtze: leading domestic pecvd supplier.
Shen Yangtze was established in April 2010 as a national high-technology enterprise, co-sponsored by a team of experts from overseas and a company belonging to the Chinese Academy of Sciences, to develop, design, manufacture and provide technical advice and services for nano-grade plating equipment and its components. The company owns 12 inches of equipment. Three full series of products are widely used in the integrated circuit front and back lanes, Tsv encapsulation, optical wave guidance, micro-led, 3d-nand.
According to China’s International Tender Network, Shen Yangtze had a cumulative winning target of 12 cvd equipment in the purchase of cvd equipment from a local storage plant, but only 2% of the city, while cvd equipment was still mainly occupied by eels, applications, lamresearch, ke, etc.
Measuring equipment: Merit and Smartness (Shanghai), Angang Vision, etc., to enhance the overall competitiveness of graphics tools Medium and Micro invests in intelligent science instruments (Shanghai) and recapitalized in December 2020, with a current shareholding of 20.45%. The share participation in Angun Vision (Beijing) is in the form of Led, Broadband Semiconductor and Integrated Circuit Industries optical survey and optical detection equipment.
The production of semiconductors is divided into front and backtrack processes. The forward process is dominated by crystal round manufacturing, including photo etching, etching, plating, etc. The backtrack process is dominated by semiconductor encapsulation tests. Tests in the front process (also known as process control tests) include, inter alia:
ocd structural tests, such as shapes, linear width, membrane thickness, etc.; Crystal circle defects tests, such as smoothness, curvature, etc. of crystal discs; and small types of tests, such as electrical resistance tests.
Currently, the main suppliers of process control and detection equipment are kla applications in the United States, amat, and titachihigh-technologies in Japan, and are also largely monopolized by kla, amat, asml, titachih-tech, nanometrics, etc. National product plates are mainly Shanghai precision semiconductors, Shanghai wisdom, Chinese flying, and Beijing's East Crystal.
Shanghai WikiLeaks: Accompanied circuit manufacturing process tester. Shanghai Wikimediar was established in June 2005 to focus on integrated circuit process detection equipment for more than 15 years. The main products currently available are optical detection equipment, silicon thickness, and trance measurement equipment, as well as macrodeficiency detection equipment.
The 12-inch optical measuring device tfx 3000 series has been applied to the 28 nanochip production line and has been tested for 14 nanometers, with a detection capability of 64 layers on the 3d storage chip, one of the few high-end companies in the country that have entered the leading 12-inch production line internationally, and the only one in the country that has entered a leading South Korean chip production company, the national integrated circuit facility.
High-precision optical deficiency detection equipment (wsd200) was also successfully loaded in April 2021 and delivered to well-known domestic clients, with $27.33 million in revenue from Shanghai wisdom in 2018 and a loss of $40.37 million, and only $800,000 in the first half of 2019, resulting in a significant loss of $18.9 million. Shanghai wisdom is now concentrated on the lack of sustainable orders for mature products.
This has made it difficult for shareholders, management, and core technologists to achieve common development objectives under 15 years of hard entrepreneurship and financial constraints. By investing in Shanghai wisdom and becoming the largest shareholder, it is hoped that Shanghai’s brilliant technology test equipment will accelerate national production, as well as facilitate the development and sale of small and medium-scale corrosion equipment and film equipment using Shanghai’s already developed products and technologies.
The company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the South Changang Gon semiconductor, created high-tech enterprises for senior sea experts, committed to providing optical measurements and optical detection equipment and solutions for the compound semiconductor, PV and integrated circuit industries, with the leading optical systems design, optics and solutions.
Imaging technology and machine visual algorithms. Corporate products cover the sections of the loops for measuring and testing the semiconductor process for the production of compounds, in which epiaoi detectors can achieve accurate detection of the defect of the trances; and, according to the Network of Company Officials, mocvd online monitoring of the performance of the equipment is a long way ahead, adapted to high-speed or planetary mocvd systems, which occupy about 100% of the market for the national product mocvd.
Figure 39. Medium and Micro, the 4th largest shareholder of Beijing's Ang Gon Vision, extended the scope of the panconductor business by extended M & A. The company has developed three dimensions to expand the layout of its future business: deep-cultivated integrated circuit critical equipment, expanded in the panconductor.
• In the area of integrated circuit equipment, companies consider expanding their competitive advantages in the area of corrosion equipment to other levels, such as membrane, detection, etc. • The company plans to expand the application of equipment in the area of general semiconductor, layout display, mems, power devices, solar power
The company intends to explore opportunities in other emerging areas, using unique equipment and process technologies, considering opportunities for large-scale production from equipment manufacturing to equipment, as well as exploring additional environmentally friendly equipment related to the production line of integrated circuits and general semiconductor equipment and medical health intelligence equipment.
In the future, while strengthening endogenous growth, companies will expand product and market coverage through extended growth pathways such as M&As, and will continue to explore innovative applications of core technologies in the livelihood of the country’s citizens.
Figure 41. MSMEs active growth in search of new growth points Profit projections, valuations and ratings in comparison with domestic semiconductor equipment listing companies generally have higher valuations, and we believe that the majority of companies listed in the semiconductor industry chain enjoy them.
Value premiums, which are still at the stage of high input and commercialization of semiconductor equipment, materials, design, etc., and value pricing in the secondary market are mainly based on management teams, strategic positioning, business paths, and potential for future growth. Combined with small and medium-tech teams, and the market position and development potential of medium and small-scale corrosion equipment in the global semiconductor industry chain, add up to public value.
In the medium and long term, the company is expected to become China's “application material” and the company's corrosion equipment is expected to grow significantly over the next three years.
Further expansion of the range of applications, including Damascus process etching technology, high depth-wide etching technology for storage devices, and commercialization of icp etching applications, will accelerate the upgrading of the market share of medium- and low-scale corrosion equipment in indigenous crystalline mills. Spare parts for spare parts: 3/4 of spare parts for corrosion equipment are used in spare parts in reference to 2018.
Optimization, with an increase in the share of revenue from the full-time corrosion equipment and a stabilization of the mocvd equipment, will continue to be at a level comparable to the international level of the spare parts for the corrosion equipment, taking into account the long-term support of the indigenous crystallization plant for the national production equipment, and we expect the company to have a stable rate of 40-50 per cent for the corrosion equipment.
Reference is made to the valuation of semiconductor equipment, materials, designs, seals, and international semiconductor equipment: ps valuation averaged 7-8 times, maximum ps 12 times Asma and pe 20-40 times.
Valuation of semiconductor equipment plates in the country: ps for an average of 16 times and maximum ps for peaks for 34 times; pe valuation for domestic semiconductor design and encapsulation: ps for an average of 10 times and a maximum of ps for São Paulo for an average of 24 times; pe for an average of 51 times and a maximum of 102 times.
Valuation of semiconductor equipment acquisition subject matter: ps can be as high as 16 and pe 40 times. Of this, kla receives continuous investment in R & D, but technology overlaps are counter-risked; semiconductor equipment and materials are capital-intensive, talent-intensive and technology-intensive industries, with long prior R & D cycles, large inputs, in companies.
But the company’s revenues from integrated circuit engineering equipment and spare parts have passed over the billions of dollars, and the pressure on profit release from R & D inputs will gradually decrease. There is still a risk that technology will be counter-exceeded.
The continuous cyclical volatility of the global semiconductor equipment market poses corresponding business risks for companies. In the process of upgrading the industry landscape, industries tend to increase capital spending and rapidly increase the demand for related equipment. In the process of declining industry climate, the semiconductor industry may cut capital spending and thus negatively affect the demand for semiconductor equipment.
The downstream customer expansion is less likely than expected. Recent crystal-crystal and led chip manufacturers are actively expanding their production. Not including subsequent investments by individual downstream crystal-crystal and led chip manufacturers.
It is expected that the reduced demand for related equipment will affect the volume of orders placed by companies, thereby adversely affecting their performance. The risk of increased international trade disputes is that companies will always comply strictly with the laws of China and other countries and maintain active communication with the relevant government departments.
Foreign operations, international trade frictions have continued in recent years, and Chinese-American trade frictions have been a major concern in many international trade frictions. If Chinese-American trade continues to deteriorate, the company’s production operations will be affected.