irities Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) MSMEs (688012.sh) buy-in (first rating)
Dot-to-face semiconductor equipment player Company basics (RMB) 1,500 three potential markets, two core competitivenesss, two external advantages
(a) Motivating energy for small future harvests and profitable growth from the ccp medium to higher-level icp silicon/metal etching with a premium of 30-50% and a high Maori ratio;
(c) The company will continuously expand its research and development of new equipment in the coming years, such as mini/microlled extramural mocvd, chemical film deposition, optical detection, chemical machine polishing light, cleaning, etc.
The memory etching device is the main force of the future: the memory has been slowed down by a process of miniaturization, which accounts for a relatively high share of total capital expenditure of 25%, well above and above 15% of the advanced process plant with 12 "7/5/3 nanomeuv".
The 10 per cent share of plant etching equipment is well above 5 per cent of the battery, so this is a five-fold difference in core competitiveness: a good management team and a self-controlled technology headed towards 7,5,3 nanometrics ccp and icp etching machine, and a 3dnand memory over 128 floors and above.
Research and development on the high-deep-wide ccp corrosion platform, with a small number of domestic semiconductors with core international competitiveness, has two major externalities: global and domestic semiconductor equipment markets will continue to grow on a year-to-year basis in 2021-2025, off-the-road profits will be realized, and an increase of nearly 15 per cent of the share capital may be spread, but will be combined with three potential markets.
The risk of delayed expansion of the domestic storage industry, the risk of technological backwardness, the risk of falling under the demand for and price of mocvd equipment, the risk of loss of core management teams and key technicians, and the risk of lifting sales shares.
1: Erosion from the ccp medium to icp silicon/metal etching. In corrosion equipment, the pan forest semiconductor (lamresearch), Tokyo electron (tokyoelectron), application materials (appliedmatures), hetachihigh-technologies occupy major global markets.
Well, we estimate that the median global share is less than 2%, the medium is less than 4%, and the silicon/gold is less than 1%. Mostly due to the lack of the U.S., Europe, Japan, and South Korea's major logical and storage semiconductor customers, the sales of metal/silicon are still low, and there is a lack of criticality.
The company sells corrosion devices with a capacitation coupling plasma source (ccp, capacitively combined plasma) and an electro-sensor coupling plasma source (icp, indexivecoupled)
Plasma) dry etching devices are both dominant. The plasma source etching device is a large vacuum, a fully automated processing device, typically composed of multiple vacuum plasma reaction cavities and host transfer systems. The plasma etching device is classified in close connection with the etching process and is based on the rationale of using plasma discharge belts.
Chemically active particles react chemically with material on the surface of silicon (alumiai, multi-crystal silicon-si, silicon-io2, silicon) under the blast of an ion to produce volatilized gases, which produce microstructures on the surface material (please refer to the chart), but usually with high etching rates (materials removed during the given time frame).
The ccp medium etching is the central force of the medium: but, depending on the method used to produce plasma, dry etching is divided mainly into capacitive plasma etching and electro-sensive plasma etching; according to the type of material that is etched.
Differently, the capacitative plasma drying etching ccp is mainly a medium material such as di siliconicondioxidesio2, siliconic nitridesi3n4, hfo2, photo-enginephotoresist, and so on. The electrolytic plasma etching (ccp) is mainly high.
The ion is carved deep holes, deep ditches, and other microstructures on a more rigid medium material. According to our research on the industry chain, nearly 80-90% of semiconductor etching equipment is currently collected from pre-sale (frontendofline), middle (medendofline), second (backendofline)
ccp, although there is a 7 nanometer logic to etching the product line, is dominated by non-critical (non-critical). icp silicon/metal etching challenges are three major: electro-sensive plasma drying is more difficult to carve the irp than it is.
High, mostly softer and thinner materials carved at lower ion energy and very homogeneous ion concentrations, mainly silicon materials, such as single-crystal silicon, multi-crystal silicon, and silicon, as in the case of gate, which is carved into and out of a transistor.
The corrosive metal material such as aluminiumai, tungsten, copper capper is a complex circuit pattern conductors and passages via. Silicon and metal etching uses chlor-based chemistry and can perform specific etching steps on one or more of the membranes, if involved.
When multiple layers, and when the etching process has to stay precisely on a particular layer without damaging it, the irp etching rate matches the ccp. And, according to our research on the industry chain, there are three major challenges to irp silicon/metal etching 1. Control accuracy: the icp etching target is very soft and thin.
Precision of energy, temperature, etching time is very high. For example, high-quality multi-temperature controlled electrosorption disks can enhance temperature accuracy, while rapid response interferometers can enhance etching end-control accuracy: 2. evenness: the concentration of the icp plasma is higher and the whole silicon is better.
A single etching, homogeneity is a difficult 3. etching rate sensitivity to the condition of the reaction cavity: the etching rate is very sensitive to changes in the condition of the icp reacting cavity, and the component coating material exposed to the plasma affects the etching rate, which can lead, in serious cases, to whole crystal circle scrapping.
icp silicon/metal etching has a price premium of 30 to 50 per cent and a composite growth rate of over 50 per cent: MSMEs now more than 80 per cent of semiconductor etching equipment is collected from pre-sale (frontendofline), medium (medendofline), subsequent (backendofline) and six ccp (primode-rie)
65-16 nanom. Primoad-rie40-7 nanom. Primosscad-rie26-10 nanom. Pprimoidea dual-reaction platform etching/record-reenand/dram etching machine and primotsv silicon catheter are now actively engaged in core technology development
A more challenging icp silicon/metal etching platform (currently an advanced version of the primonova1x nanologic/store etching machine and a streamlined version of the low-cost primotwin-star40/28 nanoicp silicon/metal etching machine) is estimated to be an opportunity to make a breakthrough at one to two technical points in two to three years.
And, according to our research on the industrial chain, the center and center are moving from the primary ccp medium etching to the enhanced icp silicon/metal etching, with a 30-50% increase in cavity prices, with a higher Māori rate than the ccp medium etching, higher technical barriers, larger market space (estimated)
We estimate that it's less than 1% of the global icp etching market, and that it's icp etching crop 2, from logic to memory etching device, whether it's logical, memory dram, flash 3dnand, in corrosion equipment, ccp.
The amount of medium etching and icp silicon/metal etching equipment always accounts for half of the number of sets of corrosion equipment (as the capital expenditure on icp silicon/metal etching equipment is significantly higher than capital expenditure on ccp media etching equipment) but the amount of RAM dram (1x, 1y, 1z, 1alpha, 1beta) and flash 3dnand (64 per unit).
96,128 floors) due to a slowdown in the microscopic process, the share of investment in light equipment in total capital expenditure is relatively small, and we estimate that the share of investment in corrosion equipment in the big dram/3dnand plant in total capital expenditure is as high as 25%, well above and below 15% of the advanced production plant for power generation 12 “7/5/3 nanoeuv,” and that is,
And Cyclops International, "18-20% up and down from advanced processors, and 20% on average across the market" (see figure). This base is different, allowing MSMEs, which used to be dominated by the etching equipment required by their clients to serve the crystal round, to move to storage, such as the Yangtze 3ndnand, where they were stored.
(mobiledram), instead of having a bigger city, we're looking at a small major client that spends more than $30 billion a year on capital spending on power generation, building new plants of 5 nanometres and 3 nanoeuv, and we estimate that more than $4.5 billion a year will be needed to invest in power generation.
We estimate that only less than 5% of the ccp/icp etching equipment is currently available, or no more than US$ 225 million of the overall effective market tam (totaladressablemarket).
Over the next five to 10 years, we estimate that we will invest more than $10 billion a year in the country’s Yangtze storage (3dnand), dram, and other large, undeclared storage plants.
Expenditures ($8 billion-10 billion) to build 100,000 crystals per month and $6-7 billion per month, plus 100,000 crystals per month). Because of a slight contraction of dram and 3d hand, the proportion of light engraved machines invested in the manufacture of storage units is low, and we estimate that the Yangtze is stored.
(3dnand), critical/non-critical ccp/icp etching equipment requiring investment of more than $2.5 billion a year, for example, compost dram, which benefits from the general trend of semiconductor core design, manufacture, preparation, replacement of materials by national production, and the opportunity to cut into these large domestic storage plants
The amount of key ccp medium etching and key/non-critical icp silicon/metal etching platform markets, so the share in the equipment purchase counters (or more than $250-375 million) or the value of the effective market tom (totaladdressablemarket) of the entire Chinese storage unit, which may be raised from year to year, etc.
In other words, if the Yangtze storage and combing were to invest $10 billion a year, about 2.5% of that could go to MSMEs. So this is a five-fold drive.
▪ % of domestic storage industry, although in the long term, with technology folding and extension of product lines, there is an opportunity to take part of the remaining 85-90% of the total Chinese storage corrosion equipment, but to take a larger share.
3dnand etching devices address four major challenges, such as maskopen, gate trench, Channelhole, and staircasecontact stair stair stair, but currently 3d nad factory tristars, Toshishi/West data, Hercules, light is working on maskopen vertical carving.
The problem of erosion is mainly the use of the Dragonmaker's Lamresearch Phenol at 64/96/128/192 floor 3d Nand to provide special maskopeniccp etching, and by this, to steal the ccp etching of Channelhole. The vertical corrosion device of Tokyo's tokyoelectron is a remote leader.
In the same industry, the temperature challenge of staircasecontact etching is mainly the centuravaratarch platform, which uses three times the power provided by the terminal manufacturer using the material appliedmaterials, with multi-area gas injections.
Whether the logical chip, the memory dram, the flash 3dnand are carving equipment, and then broken down into the ccp medium etching (which also includes a thinner medium) and the icp silicon/metal etching are not the key keys (walls) and the key layers (like the beams of the house, columns) etched in a 7 nanoeuv logic process.
For example, in metal layers other than the fin layer, there are only four levels using euv (metal layer 0, channel layer via 0, metal layer 1 and channel layer via 1), 60 floors still using single layer, double (sadq, selfaignedddoublepatterning), and four layers of exposure (saqp).
There are processes from 10 nanometres to 100 nanometers, and although there are 5 nanomeuv logicalic corrosion lines from the medium to the station, they are dominated by non-critical layers of 50-100 nanometer wide wires.
The technology should allow for 10 nanometers of critical ccp corrosion equipment, but stability and productivity are still worse than the world's major plants, so power generation has not yet been introduced. But we believe that as long as a small and sustained investment in R & D is significant, it should mean that it can be reached from non-critical layers to >30% premium.
Chart 9: Multiple etching maps 3. Mocvd's new and old equipment requirements will be turned upwards
This is due to the apparent oversupply of the blue light and backlights in the past two years. Most of the losses caused by the lack of demand for mocvd equipment for the production of the led green light extension, and MSMEs announced a two-year decline in their mocvd collection. But since the end of last year, the led market.
There has been a marked improvement, and the company’s Prismoa7 equipment, which has taken its place in the global market of ledmocvd, has made significant deliveries; the company has developed mocvd equipment for the manufacture of deep UV led extensions, and has successfully certified production of deep UV led at the end of the industry customer; and the manufacture of nitrogen
The mocvd used for the extension of antimony power devices has been put into use on the customer chip production line: the development of mocvd equipment for the mini led production is progressing well, the equipment is already in progress at the lead client level for production certification; in addition, new mocvd equipment for applications such as microlled will be rolled out this year
Out, there is no major competitor at present, and the Māori rate should be much higher than the current average Māori rate for mocvd equipment (less than 10%).
(a) The development and production of mocvd devices for the manufacture of miniled and microlled outer slices for high-end backlight applications;
Production of mocvd equipment for the production of bacterial disinfection, air purification and plant growth.
The reason why the Division has been able to launch new products on an ongoing basis is that many of the company’s core founding teams have had extra-sea work experience in Silicon Valley. Dr. Yoon, president and founder of the company, has had more than 20 years of experience and experience in Silicon Valley, where he worked in Intel from 1984 to 1986 as a technology developer at the Technology Center.
Chief Executive Officer; Senior Engineer, Senior Manager, Research and Development Department, Panlin Semiconductor, 1986-1991; Chief Technical Officer, Plasma Erosion Equipment Products, General Company, Chief Technical Officer, Asia Headquarters, 1991-2004.
Other core team members include: Dr. Do Chi-ho, current Senior and Senior Vice-President, who leads the development of all project operating processes, including corporate production operations strategies, global material operating infrastructure, information technology systems and erp (business)
Before joining China, Dr. Du Chi-ho was the General Manager of Metler-Tolido Instrument (Shanghai) Ltd. and General Manager of Prex Operational Gas Co. Ltd.
In the post of Senior Product Manager, AppliedMatures. He worked in the Chinese Electronics (winbond) and Taiwan's World Wide Web (wsmc) and was primarily responsible for the etchings. Chen Weiwen: Chief Financial Officer of China and China. Before joining China and China, Mr. Chen Weiwen was in a Nas.
Duck's listed company, and one of the world's largest solar companies, Atrus Solar, has Dr. Nituqiang: Dr. Nituqiang is the vice president and vice president of China and vice president of the corrosion equipment industry. He leads the primod-rie and primoad-rie for high-end electric media etching.
R & D and project management. Prior to joining Mid-Smart, he was a leading technical expert in the new product department of Ramresearch and was one of the inventors of the lam 2300 series of etching products.
In the early days of China and China, there was a collaborative law firm focused on the collection and protection of information in the form of ip. The application of materials and reconciliation with the United States (California, United States of America, 2010), with Panlin Lamresearch (Taiwan, 2009), and with Veeco (2018, Fujian, New York, United States of America), among other things.
None of the international lawsuits about intellectual property have failed without solid autonomous intellectual property rights.  In July 2007, U.S.A.A. Applied Materials filed a lawsuit against Sino-Mimi in a California court of law, accusing Sino-Mimi of violating its business secrets.
In 2008, Sino-micro equipment went into Taiwan’s largest semiconductor chip factory to build electricity.lam research filed a lawsuit in January 2009 against Sino-Micro-Cec for violating the company’s patent in the design of a key component.
After six months of investigation, the court of law dismissed the action against Ram, finding that Sino-Mio had not violated its patent. In April 2017, Veeco had a federal court in New York in the Eastern District of New York against Sino-Mimi's mocvd equipment.
Sgl, the supplier of the crystal circle carrier (i.e., the graphite disc), commenced a patent infringement suit, and Veeco argued that the sgl had violated its patent in its graphite product designed for China and Micro, demanding that sgl be prohibited from supplying to China and paying damages.
The U.S. government removed corrosion equipment from the export control list in 2015 because Meteor (amec) was able to produce corrosion equipment with autonomous intellectual property rights and enter an international first-class crystal ring factory.
In 2017, the only Chinese company mentioned in the President’s report to the United States President’s Advisory Council on Science and Technology was Sino-Mine. In addition to this, China-Min has been responsible for a number of important national science and technology initiatives, such as that carried out by Dr. Nie Tuqiang.
14,10,7,5 nanoccp and icp etching machines developed and industrialized with the main objectives of improving the structure and performance of electrode and crystal circle perimeters, developing new materials and surfaces to reduce metal pollution and particulate matter Treatment methods to meet the requirements of homogeneity, reduction of metal pollution and particulate matter: development of cavity and gas transmission systems
The introduction of new types of corrosion resistant coatings, involving the introduction of emission frequency energy into electro-sensor coils, dual control, a breakdown of multi-area dynamic electrostatic absorbers, advanced radio frequency matching techniques and dynamics, subregional response gas injection systems, etc., would improve the multi-mural structure of the 14,10,7 nano-integrated circuits, etc.
Front-end contact holes, organic mask etching, and circuit etching such as double/four-weight graphics, template etching, side walls etching, thinning etching, etc., thus reaching internationally advanced levels.
The ULF and UHF plasma systems and the corresponding electrostatic insorption discs, multi-area thermal upper electrodes, temperature-regulating peripheral rings, etc. have invested significant R & D costs to meet the need for ultra-high depth-wide etching of the memory.
Global and domestic semiconductor equipment industries are growing at a steady pace as a result of the global eight “special logical processes due to the lack of used second-hand equipment, plant and capacity expansion” in the coming years.
Hard-to-eat (at least 5 per cent capacity-to-growth growth),12 "mature logic process (28-90nm) output can expand as power generation is not willing to invest significantly" (estimates about 10 per cent capacity-to-growth composite growth rate),12 "advanced logic process (16/14, 7, 5, 3, 2,1nm) based on monolithic power and expensive equipment"
The actual orders to plan the expansion (measures a composite growth rate of about 30 to 40% of the capacity), all of which are 8 “special, 12” mature, 12 “advanced process of equipment acquisition and expansion are stable and in a long-term supply-and-demand pattern. The dram memory process, from 1 x of the previous 19 nm, has been used until it is needed.
With a RMB 1 billion Esmeuv light engraved machine to make 1alpha10-12nm and 1beta 8-10nm, and a large use of advanced corrosion platforms to make 3dnand flashworks above 200 floors, we estimate a combined growth rate of 13-15% over the next five years in the global semiconductor equipment market, which is higher than the global half-conductor.
These figures are significantly higher than the long-term average growth rate, as compared to the same (+40%) and global (+16%) output figures for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in the United States in the month. And China, because of the 3dnand storage in the Yangtze River, the fatty Xingdram, and the center core of the international crystal round workers,
Rainbow 12, "New tin-free plant, Shanghai Tower semiconductor, Orchid semiconductor (cansemi, 1 issue of RMB 13.5 billion investment, 12" and 40k/m), Qingji Island Xias semiconductor (sien, 12"/8), 30-50k/m), Slanwa, “80k/m, 90nmmems”, neexchip,
12", 40k/mlcd drive chip, rf-mcu, cis), Hua Yuu Weibo (10 billion yuan investment, 12" , mosfet/igbt power and power management chip), plus the Nanjing plant will be expanded over the next few years 12 "28nm process output, etc.), the continent 12 "Crystal Generation and Crystal Production Idm.
The domestic semiconductor equipment is expected to grow at the same rate from 32% last year to 35% this year and 30% next year, and the domestic semiconductor equipment market revenue is expected to grow at a compound rate of nearly double the global semiconductor equipment market by the next five years, almost 30% on average. The main beneficiaries are China, China, China, and others.
If we further analyze the industry, the global crystal round-forward equipment sales, which have grown at the same rate from a negative 3 per cent in the previous quarter to a +49 per cent in the previous quarter, the global memory dram, flash nad, shows that the screen lcd/moled equipment grew at 34 per cent, 68 per cent and 48 per cent in the fourth quarter of last year.
They believe that sales of semiconductor equipment in these sub-industrys may slow down in the second half of this year, or that next year, 2-20-30% of the driving force behind the replacement of domestically produced semiconductor equipment, although we expect MSMEs to take down the capital costs of power generation and domestic crystal-crystal plants.
3 to 7% of the amount and 8 to 10% of the capital expenditure of the domestic storage industry on corrosion platforms (in the Yangtze River and in China as a share of 15 to 17% of the number of corrosion stations), but we understand from industrial chain research that 20 to 30% of the country ' s self-sufficiency of semiconductor equipment is the medium-term goal of the government to promote the replacement of domestically produced semiconductor equipment.
Figure 15: Share of Yangtze stock of 3dnand etching equipment orders
Thus, semiconductor equipment has great scope to replace imported equipment. For medium- and semiconductor manufacturing enterprises, the domestication of equipment, which reduces investment and maintenance costs, is also an important objective for their future development.
The average purchase cost of domestically produced semiconductor equipment is 20-30% lower than the cost of imported equipment, while the price difference for some core equipment is even more than 50%. In an integrated circuit manufacturing industry, non-dryers. Semiconductor equipment must be nationalized.
In recent years, Chinese-American technology has awakened domestic semiconductor manufacturers to the importance of industrial co-development. For example, the US government imposed a ban on the sale of Jinhua without a trial.
Production lines have stagnated, affecting the delivery of medium etching platforms. And the US Department of Commerce’s comprehensive ban on Chinese and Heath and the restrictions on the expansion of the center core are taking advantage of the dominant American position in the global semiconductor equipment market, where semiconductor manufacturers in the continent are beginning to pay attention.
The Ministry of Science and Technology and the Ministry of Information and Communications have been launching the Large-Small Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Equipment and Production.
A series of priority processes and technological developments have been organized in a dedicated form by a group of domestic semiconductor equipment companies, including 45-22nm critical manufacturing equipment, 32-22nmmmcos process development, 90-65nm special process and 22-14 nm forward-looking research.
By supporting the country with a special focus on 02, a group of semiconductor equipment leaders were created, such as the North China Corporation, China Micro Corporation, Shanghai Microelectronics, and 65-45 nanometers of equipment, materials, process packages, and integrated circuits were created.
(a) Technology clearance, mastering the core technologies that constrain industrial development, creating autonomous intellectual property rights that can help change the heavy dependence on imports of manufacturing equipment, sets of processes and materials ... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
At present, there are about 650 employees, 240 of whom are R & D staff, and nearly 70-80 of whom have doctorates, mainly in the development, production and sale of semiconductor equipment, mainly in the development of micro-tooling equipment with large vacuums, including electro-voltaic coupling plasma sources (ccp).
Since its inception in 2004, China and China have first developed a very high frequency (VHF)-coupled plasma corrosion device, which is now known as the "primod-rie" device.
Plummod-rie, Plumoad-rie and single-reaction stations Plumosscad-rie have been successfully developed for three generations of etching devices covering 65 nm, 45 nm, 32 nm, 28 nm, 22 nm, 14 nm, 7 nm, and 5 nm microscopic devices.
The development of electro-sensory plasma etching device icp has so far been successful in developing a single-reaction table for micro-mechanical applications below primo nanometers. SME has also developed market demand for advanced encapsulation of integrated circuits and the development of the mems sensor industry.
Ready. In the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, the high-end etching equipment developed by the company has been used on the most advanced production line of the battery and in the processing of a number of non-critical steps in the 7 nanometer device; at the same time, the company optimizes 5 nanometers and more advanced etching equipment and processes in accordance with the needs of the advanced integrated circuit manufacturer.
At the 3dnand chip manufacturing chain, the company's capacitator plasma etching equipment ccp technology has been applied to the volume production of the 64th floor 3dnand, while the company is developing very deep corrosion equipment and processes based on the needs of the storage client.
With respect to film deposition equipment mocvd, mid-2010 Micro began the development of the most critical equipment in the led device plus, the mocvd equipment. The company has developed three generations of mocvd equipment, which is a high-end film deposition equipment, mainly for production and processing such as blue green light and power devices, including:
The first generation of equipment, the second generation of equipment, the primary-blue, the second generation of equipment, and the third generation of larger-sized equipment.
At the same time, MSMEs are developing larger-sized mocvd devices that will contribute to the further development of the industry. The display revolution that can be brought about by miniled and microlled also breeds greater market opportunities.
After 10% of the mid ipo replenishment, eight natural persons, including Yoon Zhiyu, held only 3.3% of the shares (outside), while the first shareholder of the company, China and China, had a share ratio in Shanghai.
From 20.0 per cent before ipo to 18.0 per cent after ipo, the second-largest shareholder invested in Shanghai (a subsidiary with 100 per cent of the State Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund) holding 17.5 per cent after ipo, but the company had no control because the shareholding ratio was close and the company ' s important decision-making was a joint decision-making process.
Shareholders and actual controllers. The directors or senior managers of the eight major shareholders and company shareholders and core technicians in China and China, with 5.7% and 4.6% of China and China.
Mr. Yoon Ji-Yo, To Chi-hoon, Mr. Ng Tu-qiang, Mr. Chu Xinping, Mr. Chen Wei-wen, Mr. Liu Xiao Woo, Mr. Wang Chi-jun, Mr. Masi-yi, Mr. Yang Wei, Mr. Li Tsiang-ying and Mr. Wu Hong-young committed to a three-year closed period (22 July 2022), while other major shareholders committed to a one-year closed period after the stock was listed and to an annual transfer of shares during their tenure.
In general, we believe that after the ipo, the company’s shareholdings are in addition to investments in Shanghai by state agencies, investments, national innovations, Puradong’s holdings (40.4% of the total) and its own internal/external employee holding platform, Nan Chang Xianjin, and China’s micro-Asia.
The shares of the company's shareholders and directors or senior managers are more stable, while the shares of other shareholders are relatively dispersed, and the sales pressure has continued since 22 July 2020.
3 - Secondary fund-raising for production, R & D, R & D, R & D, raised nearly RMB 1.5 billion in ipo, 40% of which was used mainly to upgrade high-end semiconductor equipment, and another 40% to build and upgrade technology R & D centres.
High-end semiconductor equipment extension project (in progress of 44 per cent): extension of medium- and high-end semiconductor equipment plan includes the acquisition of different types of corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment beta machines, acquisition of necessary production support equipment and software for extension upgrades, storage of gas, liner for extension upgrades
The project includes the upgrading of high-end corrosion equipment (including primoad-rie, primossschd-rie and the extension of the production of high-end corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment).
High-end mocvd equipment extension (including high-yielding blue light led mocvd, high-temperature mocvd, silicon-based mocvd power application mocvd, mocvd equipment based on led display application, etc.); supporting construction (including clean room modifications, additional assembly, etc.)
(b) Project to upgrade the construction of corrosion equipment at the Technology Research and Development Centre (73 per cent progress in funding): construction of existing plant buildings in the southern part of the Shanghai Golden Bridge Export Processing Zone, where advanced corrosion equipment development includes advanced logical circuits
ccp etching equipment, ccp etching equipment for storage and more advanced 14-7nmicp etching equipment, etc.; development of 5-3nm capacitated plasma medium etching technology for the manufacture of logic devices ccp equipment and logical circuit chip process for the finfet structure; development of super-duper
Storage chip plasma ccp etching technology with a high depth width ratio (60:1 and above), mainly applied to contact holes, access holes and baths of the storage circuits: 5-3nm electron sensoric plasma icp equipment developed to satisfy 5-3nm logic chips, 1 x nanometer dram storage
Storage chips, and advanced process requirements for the production of 3dnand flash memory chips above 96 floors; etching techniques for multiple layers of mask etching, edge wall etching, thin etching, dual graphics, quadruple graphics, etc., in the manufacture of 5-3nm logical chips.
Technology Research and Development Centre mocvd equipment upgrade project: advanced mocvd equipment development, including the next generation of high-yielding green blue light ledmocvdalpha machine, mocvd test platform based on the next generation of silicone-based nitrified thorium power, mocvd test level based on miniled displays
Stations, new mocvd test platforms based on microlled display applications, etc.: development of high-temperature mocvd technologies applicable to deep UV-led applications; development of nitrogenated mocvd technologies suitable for large-scale mass production in miniled, including improvement of temperature homogeneity of the plate tray, development of 6 inches
Delineation miniled process technology that meets the wavelength homogeneity required for the miniled extrapolation and achieves the production capacity of an oven to produce 18 6 inches of extenuation; and development of nitrous mocvd technology suitable for large-scale mass production of microlled nitrous so as to achieve an excellent wavelength and thickness homogeneity of 6 inches of blue
Gems or 6-8 inches of silicon-based extenuating wavelength homogeneity of less than 0.8 nm and thickness of less than 0.8 per cent, and achieving low surface particle size to meet the requirements of microlled mocvd technology; and issuing a mocvd technology for the growth of silicone-nitrogenated material for the third generation and a half.
The industry (which provides higher critical field strength, lower opening resistance, faster switch frequency, and higher system efficiency) requires new mocvd devices, 32% of which will be used for construction projects at industrial bases (i.e. plasma etching equipment).
Mocvd,rmochemistry cvd, environmental protection, etc., with a planned capacity of 630 cavs/year, 120 cavs/year, 220 cavs/year, 180 cavs/year) and located at two industrial bases in China and China.
Thirty-eight per cent were used for the New Zone Headquarters and the R & D Centre project in Shanghai, mainly for the development of ud-rie-high-deep, wide-scale ccp etching equipment for 3dnand flash etchings up to 128 floors; and also for the development of sd-rie Damascus etching equipment, mainly for 14 nm and below logical chip etching;
7nm and following logic, 17nm and below dram memory, 128 and above 3dnand flash icp etching device nanova+; development of 14nm and above logic and dram memory, 64 and below 3dnand flashing non-critical icp etching device twin-star+; development for use
(c) Mocvd equipment and technology for high-powered carbonized silicon extensions. 30 per cent of this equipment is used in the Science and Technology Reserve Fund, of which 1.58 billion will be used in conjunction with partners for new production.
The other 1.5 billion will be invested in cross-border M&As. We can see from the direction of the S&T Reserves investment that companies no longer position themselves as semiconductor equipment dealers specializing in corrosion and mocvd, but instead actively switch to an oed plane monitor, chemical film.
Sediment (over 50 per cent of the total forest group and application material), optical detection (global tap kla-tencor), measurement and process control, previous chemical mechanical polish (led by application material), wet-to-dry cleaning, encapsulation testing, third-generation semiconductor extension growth, solar cells
Pecvd, laser etching device. In 2018, assuming that each client has a similar number of days to pay, we can reverse the price of the major mocvd equipment client in 2018 by publishing the difference in the amount due at the end of the year.
Lighting (16.1%) and Hua Chan Zhejiang (13.7%), the primary storage equipment is stored in Yangtze (13.5%) and the main transistor is Mid-Cry (North) (11.2%) and the power generation (6.2%).
The number of days the account should be longer (the number of days the account is due is estimated to be 139-140, the number of days the dry light is announced to be due to the account is approximately 120, and the actual ratio of revenue to the accounts receivable in 2018 should be reversed, although the amount of the accounts receivable from the top five clients in mid-2019 is disclosed in China, the client name is not disclosed.
But we learned through the China International Tender Network (JITN) announcement (January-September) that, with the exception of a battery and a microconnection, the company has not appeared on the tender network, the China Rainbow Semiconductor, the Hua Li Integration, and the Yang River storage are regular customers of the China International Tender Network, so we assumed that the top five customers in 2019 were the China Rainbow Half.
The body, the Wall, the Yangtze storage, the luminous light power (the accounts receivable of the related joint venture can be extrapolated) and the battery, the sales equipment covered the ion carving machine of the oxidized membrane/passive membrane/media wall, batches of storage etching equipment, and mocvd equipment. However, since the battery was accumulated (16% in 2020 and 74% in 2021),
The three companies will be the top clients for the next few years. Figure 24: The top five clients forecast for mid-2019.
The business-to-business ratio compared to the net asset rate of return is attributable to the poor profitability of the mocvd equipment sales, which in 2018/2019 was not only a few points lower than in North China, but also two to three times lower than in the United States, Japan, Europe, but we estimate that Europe's counterparts are two to three times lower than in North China.
After increasing the storage of the country's Yangtze River, its fatty and its share of power etching equipment, we estimate that in the next few years, it will not only increase its overall corrosion rate (from 2020's 49.1% to 2023's number 10%) but also take the net asset return of nearly 1.5 billion yuan in cash from the new shareholders.
Low operating margins and net asset yields are as follows: Unit prices are more competitive: in order to move faster into mainstream customer markets and to compete with the United States, Sino-Micro companies competed with large corrosion plants, we estimate that the unit value of corrosion equipment of the same grade is more than 20 per cent lower than that of their counterparts, but we estimate that it is more than 20 per cent lower than that of their counterparts.
The corrosive equipment is still concentrated in non-critical ccp medium corrosion equipment with a low unit price and a low Māori rate. The mocvd equipment Māori rate is below average: nearly 1 to 20% of MSMEs are concentrated in prices.
The Māori rate (<10%) is significantly lower than the average Māori rate of the company.
The recurrent operating costs rate is nearly 10 points higher than their counterparts, and it is expected that the two fixed increases will increase by more than RMB 10 billion to account and lower the Roe.
The unit price of etching and mocvd equipment will be stable: considering that MSMEs will continue to roll out silicon/metal etching ancp platform with a premium of more than 30%, and critical media corrosion ccp, but the old product will continue to fall, and we predict that in the next three years, MSMEs will be able to maintain (or even raise) their average etching machine.
The size of the table is 8 million yuan. This is due to the fact that the light and backlights of the past two years show a clear oversupply of the blue light-led market, with a large number of losses on the part of the relevant manufacturers, causing the demand for mocvd equipment to make the led-green-light extension, and a sharp drop in the unit price of the cavity in the last three years.
Annual decline of nearly 10-20 points, but since the end of last year, the market in mocvd has improved significantly, and in addition to the slower price of old products, companies have been developing mocvd equipment for the manufacture of deep-violet led extensions, mocvd equipment for miniled production and micro manufacturing.
New mocvd devices like led, we believe that extension needs such as miniled, microlled, 8" silicone nitrified thorium power devices will drive Movd's new equipment requirements and drive Movd's cavity unit prices steady.
Erosion equipment is the main growth dynamic: the share of silicon/metal etching ccp and critical media corrosion equipment in power generation and domestic crystal circle will continue to increase during the consideration of micro-enterprises, as well as the benefits of significant capital spending in the domestic storage industry over the next few years and the expansion of the capacity of corrosion-based equipment.
Increment is calculated. We believe that the annual compound increase of more than 15% in the silicone-based thorium nitrified thorium is expected. 35% compound growth rate: compound growth rate of 40% in the combination of corrosion equipment, mocvd
The increase in the proportion of corrosion equipment will lead to an increase in the overall Māori rate and operating profit rate: in the consideration of MSMEs will continue to increase the share of high unit prices and higher Māori rates of silicon/metal corrosionicp and critical media corrosion ccp devices, which we estimate will maintain and even increase the average Māori rate of their corrosion platforms.
Next, as a result of the changes in the product mix, we expect to gradually increase its overall average Māori ratio, and the increase in the shareholdings will affect each share this year: in 2021, the MSN will continue to play an important role as a result of the new planned increase in government subsidies: while MSMEs receive government R & D, equipment research, and
While the share of other subsidies in revenue is decreasing each year, the overall government subsidy still exceeds the net profit of the parent company, in other words, the short- and medium-term deficit should still be in the absence of the government subsidy. The stock and accounts receivable months are far higher than those of the other business owners: MSMEs’ stock months were maintained in both years.
In high grades ... twice as many as five to six months (except for the obvious lower than in northern China) ... we are attributed to China, China, and North, which, in order to be more active in expanding the use of its new equipment to clients, often put the new platform on a client trial and fine-tuning it until the client has confirmed it.
In order to compete with major international companies, MSMEs also offer more favourable payment terms, providing longer accounts receivable days, 11 per cent of which are more than one year old, but have changed in recent years.
Microcorps carved ccp or silicon/metal etching icp in media, logic/crystal generation engineering or storage, with the depth of the etching technology, product stability, product breadth, customer combination, interest rate and net asset gain, inventory/receivable months, and cash flow indicators lag behind the international semiconductor equipment tap.
However, due to the fact that the United States Department of Commerce, through the advantages of the United States-led semiconductor equipment and eda software, has been increasing the number of Chinese semiconductor operators entering the physical list, and has thus benefited from the requirement of a larger domestic semiconductor manufacturing plant to increase the ratio of domestically produced semiconductor equipment, with a remarkable increase of almost 35 per cent of the combined eps in 2021-2025.
21% of the world’s semiconductor equipment pipeline. This explains why Sino-micro companies value much more than their counterparts in price/sales and p/e.peg. Unlike investing most of the mature technology and stabilizing the cash flow industry, investors tend to see short-term gains.
The valuation benchmark shows, however, that considering that domestic semiconductor companies are not so many with core competitiveness, institutional investment, and the long-term risk that capitalists may have listed medium and medium as heavy-barrel holdings, we believe that domestic semiconductor etching equipment is the main source of domestic storage, the risk of a delay in the expansion of the domestic storage industry: although we expect MSMEs to benefit from the Yangtze Reserve,
The reserve, the compost gluten, will be significantly expanded in the coming years and will gradually increase the use of domestic semiconductors and etchings to 20-30 per cent, but the price of the storage device will fall dramatically, the uncertainty surrounding the source of the storage design and production technology and the uncertainty of future R & D will lead to intellectual property disputes and low productivity rates.
The domestic storage industry is delaying the expansion of production, which affects our estimates of small and medium-sized revenues and profits. irp silicon/metals, key layers, and the risk of technological backwardness in the 3dnandccp medium: although we expect MSMEs to expand their irp silicon/metal and critical layers each year as a result of technological evolution.
The share of the ccp medium etching device, but icp silicon/metal etching in energy, temperature, etching with high accuracy, homogeneity, and the sensitivity of the etching rate to reaction cavity conditions may delay the pace of microproduct roll-out. High stability and equipment production efficiency are always ineffective.
The risk of breaking through the key layer of the ccp medium etching the equipment market. Of course, the four major challenges of 3dnand etching, such as maskopen.gatetrenchetch.channelholetech. and stairwell contact, are all of the kinds that MSMEs have to face in the future to enter the 3dnand storage system.
Mocvd equipment demand and the risk of falling prices: while it is likely that Miniled and Microlle will start the market demand for new mocvd by 2020-2021, traditional led particle prices and unstable demand have allowed some manufacturers to make progress for several quarters, which we believe may result in a loss.
The annual unit price of the mocvd cavity of China Micro Corporation has fallen, and the volume of mocvd equipment delivered can also be highly competitive: in corrosion equipment, pan forest semiconductors (lamresearch), Tokyo Electronics (tokyoeectron) and applied materials (appliedmatures) account for a major global market share.
Corporate sales of corrosion equipment are dominated by capacitative combustible corrosion equipment (ccp, capacitively cappedplatma), while the global market share of capacitative corrosion equipment remains low, based on gartner statistics on the size of the global market for corrosion equipment.
In the case of mocvd, metal-organicchemicalvapor deposition, Vieco and Aixtron are the main competitors. A moderate level of competition may lead to increased competitive price risks for international competitors.
Risk of loss of core management team and key technical staff: Chairman and President Yoon Ji-Yo, Toshi Ho-ho-ho, Dr. Nie Tu-qiang, Vice-President Chu Xin-Ping, Chief Financial Officer Chen Wei-wen, who plays an important role in the company ' s day-to-day production and technology development, and the loss of members of the core management team will be brought to Sino-Mimi.
While the core technical staff of the small and medium-sized critical technicians is the firm's key guarantee of continuous research and development, innovation. The company guarantees the stability of the core technical staff through measures such as employee-share arrangements, the company still runs the risk of losing the core technical staff.
The technological dependence of core technicians, but the loss of core technicians may have some impact on the implementation and process of corporate R & D projects. Intellectual property rights dispute risk: the semiconductor equipment industry is a typical technology-intensive industry, in order to maintain it.
Technology advantages and competitiveness to prevent risk of technology leakage, semiconductor equipment enterprises with advanced technology usually have higher entry barriers, including by patenting. While science and R & D systems and IPR protection systems are in place, they cannot exclude intellectual property rights problems with competitors.
Nor can it be excluded that a company’s intellectual property rights have been violated, and such intellectual property disputes will have a negative impact on the company. Companies sell their products globally, register their intellectual property rights in a number of countries or regions, but there are differences in the interpretation and determination of the scope of rights in intellectual property rights in different countries and legal systems.
Different, if not well-understood, it tends to lead to controversy and even litigation. The risk of consumer expansion: if a crystal-round industrialist invests $5 billion in capital a year, spending on an expansion of 50,000 millimeters of a monthly production process of 14/10 nanometers, four years later, the crystal-round industry.
The monthly production capacity will grow four times as much as 200,000, but it will not grow every year for the sale of the plant, because the customer will invest the same $5 billion a year in equipment. If, in the meantime, the semiconductor needs go down the cycle, the client's ability to expand, we'll even see the plant.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment