The short-term decline does not affect the firm's long-term upward trend. Events: Mid-Stoke released its annual report for 2018 on 23 April 2019, with a total annual revenue of $5.156 billion in 2018, an increase of 118.76 per cent, compared with 118.76 per cent in the previous year; parent ownership (30038.sz)
The company’s revenue and profits grew rapidly in 2018, mainly as a result of a half-year-old income from Suzhou in 2017. Suzhou’s net profit of $660 million in 2018, an increase of 12.45 per cent over the same period in the previous year, substantially exceeded its performance commitments.
The Māori rate for high-end 25g/100g/400g light module increased by 5.75 percentage points, mainly because of the corporate focus on high-end light modules, optimized product structure, and chip digestion stock, which led to a fall in performance and 400g light module start-up that will drive companies back to growth. The fall in performance in the first quarter of 2019 was due to partial client absorption \triangleright
In 2019, the price of the 100g light module was expected to decline from 2018, while the demand level remained stable, which could have an impact on the company’s business in the first half of the year. In the second half of 2019, 400g light module demand will start to reach 500,000 foreign companies, including arista, Cisco, and Google, and the company’s performance is expected to be boosted.
The company maintains a leading edge in R & D and in volume production, producing the first 400g light modules and bulking them in bulk, which will take the lead in the future, and reaping a new business drive at the early stages of the product life cycle in the 5g telecommunications market. The 5g will start building on a large scale in 2020, with a more flexible market for light modules.
At the same time, the company's project to raise funds will improve the company's 5g telecommunications module, 100g and 400g.
\triangleright, Middle-Smart (300308) - Light module tap has a clear advantage, step in number
According to the Centre and 5g Growing Fast Drive, risk factors 19.03: Less than expected risk of operator building 5g, Central American trade friction risk, lower risk of demand for data centre light module.
In 2007, he joined the Sunda securities industry in computer, electronics and software research.
Chai Jin, a Master of Business Administration from Beijing University, has worked on mobile phone research and development, laboratory management, etc., and has had eight years of experience in the IT industry. In 2015, he joined the Sunda Stock Exchange, where he studied computer science. Yuan Hae-woo joined the Beijing University with a Bachelor of Physics and a Master of Science in Condensed Physics. In 2016 he joined the Sunda Stock Exchange, where he studied computer science. Wang Sakyu, Master of Finance from the Beijing University of Foreign Languages. In 2017 he joined the Sunda Stock Exchange, where he studied electronics.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.