Shanghai Investment Consulting Branch, the light module is the point of view of the future.
On 23 April, the company released its 2018 annual report, which achieved operating income of $5.39 billion in 2018, an increase of 118.03 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return to the mother of $622 million, an increase of 285.02 per cent over the same period. The share of high-speed light module products increased by 876 million per quarter, a further increase in the ratio of high-speed light module products, driving the Māori rate up.
Four hundred and twenty-two million, a 175.82 per cent increase in the same year. 25g/100g/400g high-end products generated revenue of 3,749 million, a 24.22 per cent increase in the same year. Benefiting from the scale effect, the company ' s high-speed product rose by 5.75 pp to 28.16 per cent, leading to a period of intergenerational change in the overall Māori field, and it is expected that future R & D inputs will remain high.
There is still much room for upgrading the market for light modules in the context of growth from the outbreak to sustainable growth of quality. In the long run, the recovery of downstream demand is expected to lead to a return to high growth in company performance with greater certainty, while at the same time it is expected to lead to an upswing in fixed assets (extension) and inventories.
The company is expected to occupy 280% of the same period the previous year. 19q1 was affected by the increase in capital spending by overseas cloud composers, and the company's downstream customers.
As we enter the stock consumption phase, demand for 100 g products falls short-term. We still see long-term growth of companies in the open market, with pre-existing advantages, and we have now achieved a major customer bulk supply. 2) The domestic market continues to grow at a high rate in North America. With domestic cloud computing markets shifting from Internet firms to traditional ones, the domestic market for laas will remain three-to-one in the future.
Five years of high growth. We believe that the fall in demand for q1 is short-term fluctuations, and that the growth cycle of global luminous modules is far from over.
5g products are delivered in bulk, and the telecommunications market is expected to be another point of performance. 5g is commercial, and we predict that the market space for telecommunications light modules in my country is about 40 billion. In 2018, the company has formed a whole product series of forward, center, and return, covering a leading market share in the recent Chinese and Chinese 25g bid.
Modelling networks, telecommunications markets, will be the driving force behind companies’ new growth. Increased competition has led to higher-than-expected price declines; 400g light modules have made less commercial progress than expected; and 100g demand in the digital market has fallen short of expectations: companies’ silicon light product R&D has not progressed as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment