Lithium platform taps, big storage markets take advantage of the company to accelerate its growth Billion latitude lithium energy (300014.sz) Lithium platform taps, and the storage energy industry increases the speed at which the company develops.
The company has developed lithium and lithium-powered batteries from the primary lithium battery industry, which has grown into lithium-level, table-top taps, and has gained a solid base of many high-quality customers, such as BMW and Daimler, in the field of power batteries. In 2022, the company’s short- and long-term view of the company’s multiple races, owing to short-term profit pressures due to rising raw materials prices.
The competitive advantage of the future storage market is evident, and the company's massive expansion of the 280ah main power core is expected to keep the grid secure and stable in large storage systems through stubs, FM support services, which are needed to build new power systems, and as the southern power grid and related sectors such as Shandong and Ningxia explore profitable models for storage power plants,
New energy reserves are expected to improve economically. By 2025, we'll be able to measure up to 262.3gwhh in China's domestic tabs, with an annual compound increase of 19.2% and a large storage market. 280ah capacitors are better performing and are expected to become the mainstream of the future large storage market, with companies actively expanding the 280ah major power core.
The company’s fundamentals: the lithium platform, the accelerated storage of energy, the company’s successive acquisitions in 2012, 2014 and 2016 of Desai energy, McVeil, Fau Ante, started in 2015.
A deep layout, full-form power cell technology and production capacity, has formed a three-dimensional package, three-dimensional squares, three-dimensional cylinders, iron lithium squares, soy batteries, and has taken the lead in the layout of large cylinder batteries, which have become lithium.
At the same time, the company has secured high-quality power households such as Daimler, Modern Chia, Hua morning BMW, Pills, etc., which are well-established in the storage market and are expected to lead to a new round of performance harvests in the future.
Technology change in the industry - company information update.
Industry logic: Pre-table storage can be expected to be released in 2023. 1.1. Pre-table storage: the middle-stream pillar of the energy revolution can be used at each of the “distribution” stages of electricity.
It is divided into three categories: power side, grid side, and user side. The storage capacity installed on the side of the power source and on the side of the grid is called “table pre-storage”, while the storage capacity on the side of the user is called “table back-to-back storage.” The new energy power structure is upscaled and the table front can be built to be needed.
The characteristics of the power load following the increase in the penetration rate of the new energy grid, i.e., new energy power that cannot be voluntarily regulated can easily be misaligned with the power charge, thus having a severe impact on the grid. Thus, the installation of a curve capable of smoothing the power generation from the new energy source, and the maintenance of a secure pre-surface storage system for the grid through peaking and FM support services, is the construction of a new power source.
Product safety and power system resources are the core elements of pre-schedule storage competition. Pre-schedule storage project facilities are more complex, are electrical engineering projects with the application end emphasizing safety and stability, and post-schedule storage and portable storage energy are closer to home appliances, with some variation.
Many of the downstream terminal customers are electric systems such as grid companies and large-scale power-generating groups, which are sold on a tender basis, while the latter are sold to downstream terminal customers and distributors in a combination of distribution and direct sales of portable storage.
Competing factors are product reliability and downstream power system customer resources. 1.2. Power side storage: policy imperatives are expected to add down costs, size is expected to increase in the proportion of new energy installed, and strong storage can become a policy consensus with the introduction of the "double carbon" goal.
Development targets have been set for the size of new energy installations during the 14th Five-Year Plan. At the same time, more than 20 provinces or autonomous regions, including Liao Ning, Anhui, Ningxia and others, have introduced incentives or forced new energy to address the instability of electricity supply and the impact on the electricity grid caused by the increase in the share of new energy sources.
The economics of the new energy mix are expected to improve with the expected reduction in the cost of components and cores.
With component costs of $1.8/w, storage system costs of $1.5/wh, and light storage total costs of $4.05/w, the Irrr revenues from the photovoltaic reserve are expected to reach 6%, which will boost the propriety of the owner economically. If there are further policies to support side-to-side storage in support of service providers such as smoothing new energy power curves,
In June 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission proposed the full use of independent storage technology to provide support services, with the South Energy Regulatory Agency providing for new independent storage capacity to participate in one frequency and two times.
In July 2022, the Shandong Energy Monitoring Office added a variety of services, such as inert, fast-pressure, and one-time FM support, with a diversified distribution pattern for storage power plants, which is expected to lead the market actively to boost storage capacity.
In the pilot policy, the storage power plant is involved in the reimbursement of the power market uplift service and in the reimbursement of the FM frequency. The uplift is the compensation income paid by the crew. According to our calculations, a 50mwh stand-alone storage power station is involved in the grid. The uplift service is covered by $1/kwh uplift service reimbursement income and $1.5/wh storage system costs.
The internal rate of return is 9.7 per cent, with FM divided into one FM and two FM. One FM is largely self-directed by the generator group, and the second FM is meant to provide sufficient adjustable capacity and a certain adjustment rate to stabilize the grid.
It is estimated that a 300mwh storage power station is involved in the FM support service of the grid, with an internal rate of return of 9.2 per cent for the project at the cost of the 9mw/mw and 1.5m/wh storage systems, and that the policy-led FM profit model is diversified and is expected to spread rapidly as storage systems are cost-effective.
The decline and further elaboration of the revenue from the participation of storage power stations in the upscaling and FM compensation, as well as the provision of supplementary compensation benefits, such as rotation inertia and fast-pressure, are expected to lead to a clearer pattern of future benefits for storage power stations and a higher level of profitability expected to be achieved.
1.3. The market space for pre-table storage energy is large, and batteries are the most valuable segment, and we measure the pre-surface energy in the country separately from the side of the grid: on the side of the power source, as the size of the new energy loads expands and the policy requirements for mandatory storage at the provincial and municipal levels are met.
As the power side of the grid becomes involved in the further clarification and dissemination of the grid support service revenue model, we anticipate that pre-stock equipment will consist mainly of cores, storage energy transformers, storage energy fire and heat management, bms, ems and other electrical equipment, and will be sold to downstream customers through system integration.
Disaggregated Māori from the Māori ratio of the representative chain of enterprises for storage energy systems shows that power cores and system integration in the pre-formulation energy system are the most valuable, with 37.6 per cent versus 37.1 per cent, respectively, followed by storage energy variable (pcs), other electrical equipment, storage power fire, storage temperature control and ems. 11.4 per cent versus 7.3 per cent, respectively.
According to data from the storage and electricity markets, the number of domestic deliveries in the first half of the year was very limited, most of them were still in the start-up or equipment procurement phase, and most of the projects that were delivered were already under way in 2021.
On the basis of incomplete data on storage capacity and the electricity market, over the last six months, the number of electronics, solar power sources, and a large number of domestic energy storage system enterprises have increased their capacity to sign and deliver overseas markets, with cumulative orders exceeding 5.9gwh.
1.4. Standardization of large storage cores: 280ah titanium squares have become the mainstream, with a billion latitudes for the expansion of the capacity of lithium to lead machines 280ah large-capacity power cores with better performance and better economics.
The product parameters of the core can be seen in relation to small-volume batteries: (1) higher energy density of 280ah batteries, lower use of pack end parts and natural cost advantages; (2) significant improvements in the safety of large-capacity cores and advantages in the use of long-term storage scenarios; and (3) bms tubes of large-capacity batteries
280ah high-volume storage cores respond to 1,500v high-voltage storage energy trends. Starting in 2021, large storage systems with higher energy density, lower system costs and higher integration of 1,500v have gradually been applied, and high-voltage storage has significantly improved the consistency and availability requirements of the cores. The use of large-capacity cores can significantly reduce the number of batteries.
The power core company competes for 280ah core capacity, and the billion-latitude Lithium has a significant lead. According to ggii's no.
Completely, there are currently 11 battery companies, including Ningde, Lithium billion, and Raepo Energy, that have expanded the 28ah core. The maximum limit of Lithium at 100 million latitudes is 94gwh, and the energy core product will come into production around 2025, leading the energy planning industry.
Company fundamentals: Lithium power platform taps, storage capable of accelerating the layout, 2.1. Reciprocal capacity: Lithium Harbour Smol, small cylinder power/storage battery release, rediscrypt power capacity, billion latitudes, and we believe that the company ' s development can be divided into three stages: base sedimentation.
Phase I: Basic sedimentation period (2009 - end 2012), the rapid development of the lithium primary battery operation into a domestic Dragon Desai fusion energy, McWell, Fruante, and the start of the deep layout of the full-form power cell technology and production capability in 2015 and the subconscious layout of the full-type lithium cell business map.
Phase III: Performance harvest period (end 2018 to date), driven successively by electronic smoke, etc., tws headphones, smooth entry into the core vehicle customer supply system, performance valuation double-click on Davis. (4)pe from 30x to 70x.
Figure 5: The development of the company after its listing is divided into three phases 2.2, management: technology as a foundation, industry as a forward-looking layout, management with deep industry insight and solid technology implementation.
B.B. obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Chemical), Master of Science (Electrochemistry), Doctor of Technology (Physics and Chemistry), academic research and technical background from the University of Electronics Technology, Wuhan University, and the University of Technology in China. After the company was founded, management demonstrated a deep industrial insight, capturing electronic smoke batteries, power storage batteries,
With a strong research team and a strong corporate strategy. The company has been giving high priority to product research and development, with 2,159 R & D staff at its disposal by the end of 2021, more than 1.3 billion R & D spending in 2021 and a continuous R & D rate.
2.3. Products: A full-form power cell layout has been developed in the form of large cylinders plus squares plus soft packages.
The company started deep layout power cell operations in 2015, and the layout began with a strategy of parallel development of battery patterns in order to avoid risks arising from changes in technology routes, with rapid progress in research and development, cylindrical battery production in 2016, square battery production lines in 2018 and joint venture planning with ski, self-researching soft-packed batteries for small pelicans in 2020, etc.
Clients acknowledged that in 2022, a series of 46 large cylinder production lines were planned to expand, resulting in a full-form battery layout of "big cylinders plus squares plus soft bags".
In 2021, corporate power cell sales grew rapidly, with 2022h1 rising further. Electronic smoke, hundreds of millions of dollars, or 40% of cagr. After completing the development of various forms of power cell products and successfully gaining access to downstream core customers, the company power cell business officially picked up in 2021, driving the firm to grow fast.
A step-by-step approach shows the firm’s future growth momentum. A net return of 838 million yuan, with a 60.8% rise in the ring, is evident in the recovery of profitability.
Entering the Daimler, BMW, etc. head-car supply system, long-term orders are stable. The company's lithium batteries are used for commercial vehicles like Woo-tung, Gilly, and in 2020 they were replaced by a car with a car; the three-dollar soft package is used for Daimler, Chea, Kia, Ping; the three-dimensional square is used for BMW, Tung Fung Willow. In 2020, the company has entered Daimler, BMW, Ping.
Upward storage can create a new growth curve, lower-end power and a light extension of 48v. In storage areas, companies have entered the Chinese system for the supply of mobile telecommunications storage capacity and are working with the owners of the Linyang energy joint venture.
The Big Reserve, which attacked overseas markets through the Volta energy company, was accompanied by a three-dollar cylinder battery that went down against low-end power, entered the top customer system of tti, Bosch, calf in the field of electric tools and second wheels, and gained German BMW and Jaguar Rhodes in 48v.
Three dollars: Daimler's powered pure power platform since 2021, and modern Kia plans to sell 1.67 million electric vehicles in 2025. The company's three dollars soft package, which is a major client of Daimler and modern Kia, develops a transformation of electric vehicles, which are sold only year after year. Modern Kia proposes to build 14 electric vehicles by 2027, and a motor vehicle by 2030.
Figure 9: Daimler's launch of multiple electric vehicle platforms
The company has opened the market for phosphate lithium batteries through passenger cars and special cars since 2017, and has maintained a steady supply line with Nanjing Kinlong and Woo-tung passenger cars for a long time.
In July of that year, the company won a BMW spot, and, according to BMW’s plan, in 2022 the BMW will place five pure electric models on the Chinese market, including bmwix, bmwi4, and a pure electric bmw3 system and a pure electric power.
Flagship, with 50% of new energy traffic by 2025, BMW plans to deliver about 10 million pure electric vehicles globally over the next 10 years. In July 2021, the company obtained a fixed point for the Eastern Willow m6phev battery package, and the company’s product power was further validated in the market, and will be released as it lands in the future.
4680 Cylinder Battery: The company took the lead in obtaining car fixes, with a clear first advantage. Because of the pressure pressure and the high demand for radiating heat due to the size of large cylinder batteries, production rates are reduced and battery safety changes are poor. Domestic and foreign automobile companies are deploying relevant technology and completing product development and delivery, among which companies are operating in domestic firms.
The first product development was completed and the large-car cylinder battery station was successfully secured, and the planned 20gwhh mass production capacity at the gate was expected to be produced in 2023, making it the first echelon of the large-cylinder battery industry in the country, with the first advantage being that the production profile was dominated by lithium squares, three-dollar soft bags, and three-cylinders, which were planned to exceed 200gwh in 2025.
The company has formed six major production bases, namely, Gate, Huezhou, Kaidong, Chengdu, Yui Creek, Salt City, which cover various types of batteries, such as iron and lithium squares, triple soft bags, tridimensionals, and triple cylinders. In the current declared production planning, the public department achieved 31 gwh by the end of 2021, and is expected to reach 277 gwh by the end of 2025, focusing on iron and lithium.
The three types of battery capacity will reach 87, 36 and 24gwh by 2025. It is expected to develop in parallel with lithium, Trinity, and Trinity. The Trinity is a complementary development 2.7. Storage and energy operation layout: bind quality customers to grow together and accelerate the process of globalization.
In 2016, the company added 20 million people to its share of 12.5% of its energy resources and co-operated in overseas storage markets. According to cnesa data, the volume of overseas storage systems in the energy sector of the country was ranked third in domestic firms by 2021.
In June 2021, the company joined forces with Linyang Energy to build a 10-gwhith battery plant to accelerate its advance into the global storage energy market. In May 2021, the company's lf280k storage power core was acquired into the North American market.
Key third party report ul9540a test report, August, company signed an agreement with the United States storage energy system, Powin energy, for the supply of lithium phosphate batteries, to deliver 0.5 gwh each in 2022-2023, with the prospect of opening up the 2.8 industry chain: continuous cooperation up and down, and gradual improvement of the industry chain.
In the lithium mine, the company worked together in 2021 to build a lithium carbonate production line with the gold Quinlon industry, the Dahua Chemical industry, the purple lithium industry, and the Kawa power industry; in the nickel-cobalt mine, the company worked jointly with the Chinese and Chinese cobalt industry to build 120,000 tons of nickel and 15,000 tons of cobalt metal production capacity; and in the positive materials sector, the company worked together to build the nickel and cobalt-metal production capacity.
In the negative material, the company entered the city of Junnan, Central Kosing City; the membrane link company and the Entje joint venture planned 1.6 billion square metres of humid membrane production: the electrolytic fluid chain company and the New Zeus State joint venture planned 300,000 tons of electrolytic fluid production capacity.
According to the company’s network of officials, the first 10,000 tons of lithium carbonate production line was completed on July 21, 2022.
We expect to deliver 0.125 million tons of lithium carbonate in 2022; Xinghua lithium salt has been completed with an annual production line of 8,000 tons of lithium salt; we expect to deliver 0.6 million tons of lithium carbonate in 2022; and the capacity of the new gold-latitude material, a joint venture with the lithium violet industry, will continue to grow at 2023. We expect to separate the equity capacity of Lithium carbonate at 2022 and 2023 billion latitudes.
For 0.18, 149,000 tons, the self-supply rate is 6%, and 25%, respectively. Based on the cost of lithium carbonate per ton, it is estimated that, with optimism, lithium carbonate in 2023 will contribute $3.9 billion to the company’s profits.
Consumer battery business: the company's small cylinder battery captured the power tools and the landscape of the two-wheeler industry, has broken through top customers such as tti and calf, and has launched a second generation of bean batteries in the bean-type battery sector, with clear advantages in terms of life expectancy and fast charge performance, and has gained a three-star target and is expected to be released in the future.
Power cell business: The company has formed a fully morphological cell spectrum of three-dollar soft bags, three-dimensional squares, three-dimensional cylinders, and titanium squares, and has taken the lead in the layout of large cylinder batteries. The production capacity is expected to reach 63, 199gwh by the end of 2022 and 2023, respectively, with sufficient capacity to secure.
The long-term perspective is that companies have a clear competitive advantage in multiple races, that future storage markets will be released, and that companies are actively expanding by 280ah and that big power cores are expected to take the lead in large storage markets and maintain a “buy-in” rating. (1) New energy vehicles are not growing as fast as expected.
In the global carbon neutralization context, new energy vehicles are being developed vigorously in all regions of the world. If future new energy cars are growing at a slower rate than expected, they will have a significant negative impact on the company’s performance. (2) The risk of price volatility of upstream raw materials
Because the battery plant is not well-developed down-streamed and the price of upstream raw materials is highly volatile, public (3) the company has obtained BMW rectangular lithium batteries at a lower rate than expected.
The short-term performance of companies may be affected.