China-China investment (601066.sh)
In the first half of 2019, market financing declined, with a cumulative circulation of 182 equity financing projects down 18.75 per cent, and the collection of $50.95 billion, a decrease of 8.97 per cent.
The accumulated and rich reserves of investment projects in the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNJSPF) recorded negative growth in the first half of 2019, with revenues of $1,621 million, or 27 per cent of revenue, and ranked first among the business portfolios, with $200 million more than the same period last year, a 14 per cent increase in corporate investment.
In the first half of 2019, the number of major equity funders was first in the industry, and the number of principals was fourth in the industry. Bonds kept up the momentum, and the number of principals and principals ranked second in the industry, with the number of principals and principals in the company’s debt.
In the case of the first 25 listed companies, China Xinjin insured 5.5 companies, with a 22% share of the market, ranked first in the industry. At the same time, the company had a large stock of equity financing projects and, as of mid-2019, it was reviewing 55 ipo projects (15 of them) and 30 equity refinancing projects, all ranked first in the industry.
• Created an investment brand, with 12 per cent increase in revenue, and created a client integrated service platform and business eco-links covering financial products, finance coupons, new three-board, venture boards, investment advisers, equity options, precious metals, futures, etc.
At the end of the six-month period, the total number of clients' funds accounts stood at 87.94 million, with clients holding securities with a market value of RMB 1.99 trillion and a market share of 3.93 per cent and a sector with a market share of 3.93 per cent.
On 30th of the month, the total size of corporate asset management was RMB 660.493 billion, the fourth largest in the industry, with active management points. At the same time, companies focused on information technology development, continuing to promote digital transformation and intelligent services, and corporate investment banks.
Customer relationship management system, central organizational architecture service management system, investment management platform, real-time BMS software, historical BMS software received a “Certificate for the Registration of Copyrights for Computer Software” issued by the National Copyright Office.
The company announced an increase of $13 billion at the beginning of the year to close the gap between China and China, which is currently net capital of $48.3 billion and is ranked ninth in the industry, and is expected to invest in the Institute’s sales team for 2019-2021.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.