Long power technology (600584.sh) is a long-term growth path with a deep build-up of advanced envelopes.
Founded in 1972, the company was the world’s leading provider of integrated circuit manufacturing and technology services. In 2015, the company successfully acquired the world’s fourth largest integrated circuit, in collaboration with the National Integrated Circuit Foundation and China Harbour International.
huhui2@guosen.com.cn Specialized Commission for the external sealing of the OSat Starring Company (OSat) Kimbon. After successful integration, the company is currently operating in China and Korea.
The country and Singapore have six major production bases and two major R & D centres, with companies taking a full lead in mature and advanced containment techniques, downstream markets and application layouts, global customer layout and financial and operational capabilities.
First in the country, third in the world. The “post-More Age” process is slowly breaking out, and advanced seals, such as Chiplet, have become the focus of industry.
After 2015, as the integrated circuit process approaches the physical dimension limit, the benefits of new process performance are gradually decreasing, development costs are significantly increased (icinsights: 5nm development costs $540 million and 28nm: $51 million), and the large computing chip is faced with "storage walls", "area walls".
The "power wall" and "functional wall" are constrained. As a result, advanced envelopes such as crystal circle seals, system-grade envelopes, fan-out, etc. are increasingly valued, with high/minimum prices of 52 weeks of global semiconductor giants, such as battery, intel, sun and moon, rest and so on.
The data center, the $27.7 billion in the new year, has grown to $61.6 billion, with both the speed of growth and the size of the market surpassing the traditional envelopes. Long-power technology is comprehensive in advanced encapsulation technology, and a high-density heterodox programme has moved into stable volume production.
Long-power technology focuses on key applications, with industry leading sip, 2.5/3d, wlp, fan-out and mixed signal/radio frequency integrated circuit testing techniques and mass production experience in key areas such as communication 5g, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry.
The TMchiplet high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series is scheduled to move to a stable mass production phase, synchronizing the international client 4nm node multichip system for the integration of packaged products. With this technology, companies are expected to significantly improve their competitiveness in the markets of fpga, cpu, gpu, ai, and 5g web chips.
In the three-quarterly review of Long Electric Technology - 60584-2021: Cutting down production and high performance, we look forward to the firm building on its deep accumulation in the field of advanced containment. Long Electric Technology - 60584-2021: High Performance Growth, High Starcombing Expectations.
The semi-annual performance forecast for long electricity technology - 600584-2021: seal the tap, plus the semi-annual performance forecast for long electricity technology - 600584-2021: seal the tap, plus performance: long electricity technology - 600584-2020 and 2101: seal the tap to grow.
Company profile: The leading integrated circuit manufacturing and technology suit in the country was established in 1972, focusing on semiconductor encapsulation and testing.
The company, formerly a Jiang Yin transistor plant, was fully operational in 1989 as an integrated circuit self-motivated production line, converted into Jiangsu Chang Electric Technology Co. Ltd. in 2000 and officially listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003. On the scale of the collection, long-power technology ranks among the top 10 professional seals in the world.
Long-power technology is industry leader in providing a full range of crystal-circle technology solutions platform, ranking among the world’s third-largest professional seal testing companies. Solutions offered by companies include fan-in crystal-circle seals.
Featuring (fiwlp), fan-fowlp, integrated sourceless devices (ipd), silicon perforation (tsv), package chip encapsulation (ecp), radio frequency recognition (rfid) and widely applied to 5g mobile processors, wifi routers and performances, car-borne information in entertainment systems, wearing equipment, functional servers, generic processors
The company has more than 23,000 employees worldwide, six production bases and two major R&D centres in China, Korea and Singapore, and operations in more than 20 countries and territories that can work closely with global clients and provide efficient industrial chain support.
Installation and testing, fuse frame encapsulation, base sheet encapsulation and sip; mini-power device frame encapsulation, separation devices and testing at the Xingzhou factory: high-power device frame encapsulation, integrated circuit encapsulation, reverse and testing at the Humping plant; Singapore plant, dominated by the Singapore factory at S.S.H.P., crystal circle encapsulation, ewlb, quote frame
Sealed, tested; Long Electric Korea is a stargow goldpen Korea factory, which is engaged in chip stacking pops, reloading, and testing, and Long Electric Korea has a cip sealing plant and a stargow goldpen Korea co-ordinated outreach to domestic and international customers. Figure 2: Long Electric Technology Global Layout
As of December 2022, the country’s integrated circuit industry had 13.31% of the capital and 12.86% of the core electrical semiconductor, still holding more than 10% of the company’s shareholders.
In 2014, the Long-Tech Joint National Integrated Circuit Foundation of the sixth largest global plant, and the Middle-Crystal International Power Semiconductor were successfully set up as the three-tier structure of the “New Long-Current Sector-New Long-Channel-Singapore Jcet Corporation.”
After that, China-King International and the Great Fund gradually withdrew from the trading structure. In 2015, China-King International became the single largest shareholder of long-range technology through the unpublicization of long-range electricity technology.
Since then, in 2018, with $2.9 billion in subscriptions for long, undisclosed shares, with no more than 19% shares, the Big Fund has become the first shareholder in long-term electricity technology, and Gao Yonghuo has become the new president of long-range electricity technology, with management and a deep indigenous and international semiconductor industry.
On 1 March, Mr. Ko Yonggong, Chairman of China Hari International, was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of Electric Technology and replaced by Mr. Zhou Kochi. The company continued to hire Mr. Jung Lixi as its Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Lo Hoon as Vice-President of the Board of Directors, Mr. Lee Chun-hsing as its Chief Technical Director and Mr. Wu Hong-hyun as Secretary of the Board of Directors.
In order to meet the pressing needs of the core workforce and the Department for the Advancement of Sustainable Development as a whole, in 2022, the company issued an incentive plan to grant stock options to 1382 middle-level managers and core technology (business) managers.
In 2015, after the successful acquisition of Starcomb's consolidated statement (which brought back $3.2 billion in 2015), corporate revenue increased significantly.
The company ' s net profits for 2015-2019 were low, and the company ' s portfolio continued to be optimized and high-value-added applications continued to emerge as the company successfully passed the consolidation period, owing to the loss of goodwill and impairment of assets, the foreclosure of the $425 million priority instruments premium and amortization in 2018.
Positive layouts include mobile terminals, high-performance computing, vehicle-borne electronics, artificial intelligence and networking of goods, continuing to enhance market competitiveness and achieving a rapid increase in profitability in the semiconductor climate cycle by 2020.
Figure 6: Quarterly operating income of companies and rate of increase
In the post-Moor era, advanced containment became the focus of industry, and chip encapsulation testing increased in importance as the semiconductor industry developed.
The impurities, corrosive gases, and even water vapours that cannot be exposed for long periods of time to the air in the external environment will corrode, and the fine corrosion of circuits on the integrated circuit chip leads to a loss of performance or failure. In order to prevent damage to the chips in the external environment, it is necessary to wrap the integrated circuit chip in a specific process.
The chip covers are specific materials, process techniques to install the chip, fix, seal, protect the chip's properties, and connect the chip's interfaces to the envelope's shell to achieve an external extension of the chip's internal function. Once the chip is sealed, the chip tests ensure that the package meets the performance requirements.
Figure 10: The one-stop sealing service of the external seal testing company The semiconductor industry has a vertical division of labour into the specialized external seal testing enterprise (OSat).
As semiconductor technology matures, crystal-circle processes and encapsulation processes progress rapidly, and the integrated idm division gradually finds it difficult to maintain technological sophistication in crystal-crystal processes and containment techniques. In response to intense competition in the market, large semiconductor idm gradually removes the sealing test from specialized seal companies.
In the 1990s, as the process of globalization accelerated, the international division of labour deepened, and the process of integrated circuits increased in difficulty, the integrated circuits industrial chain began to evolve towards a professional division of labour.
The sealing industry has evolved with semiconductor manufacturing functions, performance, and integration needs. According to China ' s Semiconductor Envelope Industry Development, the global integrated circuit containment technology has so far gone through five.
The dominant technology in the global wrapping industry is currently in phase III, dominated by csp, bga, and moving towards phase IV and phase V, represented by system-level wrapping, rewinding welding (fc), and bumping on chips.
The global semiconductor encapsulation industry is growing steadily, and the size of the advanced encapsulation market will exceed the traditional one for the first time in 2027. According to the Semiconductorineering, the global semiconductor encapsulation market is projected to grow from $65.4 billion in 2020 to $11.86 billion in 2027, benefiting from a composite growth rate of 6.6 per cent.
With the development of data centres, new energy vehicles, 5g, and the artificial intelligence industry, advanced encapsulations have grown at a rate greater than traditional envelopes, and are expected to exceed the traditional envelopes by 2027, amounting to $61.6 billion. After a great arithmetic hit the Moor era, isomers have come together to sing songs.
After 2015, the development of integrated circuits became a bottleneck, and production of the 7nm, 5nm, and 3nm processes fell short of expectations. With the buildup of power, the 2nm process was announced as a breakthrough.
The integrated circuit process is approaching the physical size limit, and the integrated circuit industry has entered the “post-Moor era.” At the cost end, iinsights statistics cost $51.3 million for chip development at 28nm nodes, $100 million for development at 16nm nodes, $297 million for development at 7nm nodes and 5nm at 5 nm
Point development costs have risen to $540 million. At the technical level, large computing chips are constrained by "storage walls", "face walls", "power walls" and "functional walls." "storage walls": processors outpace the ability to store chips to access, resulting in combined computing being constrained by storage.
The industry estimates that the peak power of the processor will increase 3.1 times a year, while the bandwidth of the dynamic memory (dram) will grow 1.4 times a year, and that the memory will grow at a rate much faster than that of the processor, 1.7 times more. "Class walls": when the chip is made in the same way, more crystal tubes can be integrated by increasing the size of the chip.
However, the size of a single chip is limited to the light mask limit of the light-engineer, and the rate of chip manufacture decreases by two degrees with the size, thus increasing the cost. The largest photo mask of the most advanced euv-carrying machine today is 26 mm x 33 mm. In 2020, Invelda a100gpu chip, using the power 7nm process.
By conventional means, a chip in close to a photo masks area of 25.5 mm x 32.4 mm has been created. “Framework walls”: the heat design power of individual gpu and cpu (othermaldesignpower, tdp) has increased year by year in recent years. It is expected that individual gpu tdp will break through the kiva level in 2024, with multiple gpu chips and high bandwidth.
A system consisting of heghbandwidthmemory, hbm arrays, with tdp likely to break through the Vanwa level, thermode designer will face a great challenge, “functional walls”: the ability of a single liner to achieve only a limited number of functions, and the size and quantity of chips will significantly increase to the whole system.
Integration can no longer be improved. Assicular integration breaks through process bottlenecks, chipplet becomes the key technology, and the core isomer complex will become the key path and breakthrough point for the development of an integrated circuit in the post-More Age.
is a pre-manufactured, specially functional, integrated chip (die), application of system-grade sealing technique (sip) that combines a chip made of different functions, different process nodes through effective interconnectivity and encapsulation structures and becomes a chip of a heterogeneous integration.
Cross-chip isomeral integration, bringing together elements of different functions such as sensors, storage, computing, communications, etc., becomes a difficult point to solve the difficult balance of computing performance, power consumption, cost that is difficult to break through only through advanced process rotations. Key technology #1: Silicone pore technology (tsv)
The silicon perforation technology (tsv, throughsiliconvia), one of the key technologies for achieving 2.5d and 3d advanced encapsulation, is the electro-connection of the silicon substrates and other perpendicular insulations that allow vertical interconnection of the silicon cells through the silicon base plate.
μm, with opening rates ranging from 0.1 to 1%. Tsv can reduce interconnectivity length and signal delay, lower parasitic capacitors and electrons, low power consumption and high-speed communication between chips, and increase broadband and encapsulation miniaturization.
a100gpu and six tristar hbm2 collections become a chip. The technology combines multiple chip keys to silicon-based relays, forming logical soc chips and hbm arrays that connect and connect silicon-based transfer plates through rdl and Tsv. Intelfordos technology (3dfacetofacechipstack)
"Storewall" breakthroughs are also achieved through 3dtsv. hbm is also through the dram of the Tsv technology connection. hbm (high-bandwidthmemory) highband RAM, mainly for high-end card markets.
3dtsv and 2.5dtsv technologies, stacking multiple memory chips through 3dtsv and connecting stacked memory chips and gpu on board using 2.5dtsv techniques. Figure 18: Stacking hbm based on Tsv technology
Key technology #2: emib, ebeddmulti-dieintercontract bridge is an advanced encapsulation technology for x-y plane extensions. emib is developed and applied actively by Intel.
Similar to a 2.5d envelope based on silicon intermediate layers, the emic concept is localized high-density interconnectivity through silicon. Compared to the traditional 2.5d envelopes, the absence of silicon intermediate layers and tsv, emic technology has the advantage of normal encapsulation rates, no additional process and simple design, and emic silicon is smaller, more flexible, and more economical.
Using emib techniques, cpu and gpu have high process requirements and can use the 10nm process, 10 units, telecommunications units, 14nm processes, the RAM process, 22nm processes, and advanced enmigb containment techniques that can integrate three different processes together into a processor.
By integrating emib and forvoros, co-emob to achieve higher integration of the isomers. Using high-density interconnectivity techniques, the enmib2d envelopes are combined with foroveros3d wrapping techniques to achieve high bandwidth, low power consumption, and a fairly competitive i/o density.
Capability and ability to interconnect two or moreoferos components to achieve essentially soc performance, and also to connect simulations, memory and other modules with non-high bandwidth and very low power. Key technology #3: hyperdensity fanning (uhdfan-out)
Fan-out has the ability to achieve more i/o than fan-in, thus becoming an important technology for multi-chip isomer integration. The fan is similar to the fan-in process, and when the chip is processed and cut, it is placed on the crystal circle based on the epoxy resin modeling compound, which is called a re-constructed crystal circle.
, then form a redistribution layer (rdl) on the model compound. rdl is a line that links the metal copper to the electrically connected parts of the encapsulation, and eventually the individual envelopes on the reconstructed crystal circle are cut. The difference between the two is that the rdl is lined to the inner line in the fan-in envelope and the rdl in the fan-out envelope is both internal and external.
Lines. Therefore, fan-type envelopes are allowed at a maximum of about 200 1/0, while fan-type envelopes can achieve more. In 2020, station-based voltage integrated fan crystal round system (info_sow) has a super-high density fan cover of rdl, the first three layers of line width/line spacing of 5/5 μm for interconnection between line chips; the second three layers of line width/line spacing
15/20 μm for power supply and connector interconnection. Info_sow is characterized by high bandwidth, low delay and low power consumption compared to printed circuit board-level multichip modules.
Figure 21: Showing the speed of the encapsulation market, the ucie alliance bringing together the global technology giants to promote the rapid development of the idiosynthetic integration of Chiplet.
On March 3, 2022, the 10 largest industries, such as Intel, Amd, Arm, Hightower, Power, Samsung, Sunshine, Googlecloud, Meta, Microsoft and others, joined together to create the Chiplet Standard Alliance, which officially launched the Universal Chiplet High-speed Interconnection Standard, “Universalchiplet”
In June 2022, long-electric technology became the first domestic sealing company to be added to the ucie union.
The ucie standard determination is expected to transform the current monopolistic situation of the isomer chips, with reliable data transmission, transmission and chain management. Designers and chip manufacturers can use the pcie/cxl software to move the chip to a more flexible design approach that meets the need for diversification and maximization of crystalry mills and technology.
The company’s strengths combined to achieve a perfect balance in terms of efficient design, encapsulation, and cost. Figure 22: Key technology market sizes for the hesitant integration of members of the ucie alliance enter a fast-growing period, with global semiconductors manufacturing giants.
According to yole, by 2027, the market size of high-performance encapsulation programmes, represented by hyperdensity fans, hbm, silicon intermediaries, emib/co-emib, etc., will increase from $2.74 billion in 2021 to $7.87 billion, or 19% in composite growth. According to yole, the world’s head semiconductor in 2021 will have increased its market size from $2.74 billion in 2021 to $7.
Manufacturing companies invested $11.9 billion in high-performance encapsulation, with Intel, power generation, and sunlight occupying the top three. Long-power technology and access to micro-power ranked 6th and 7th in the world.
Focus on advanced packaging for key applications, comprehensive layout of finished manufacturing technology Focus on key applications in long-electric technology, leading industry semiconductors in key areas such as communication 5g, high-performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, etc.)
Pip, pop and Xdf0iTM series, etc.) and mixed signal/radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resource advantages, and achieving volume of production of scale that can provide markets and customers with tailored technological solutions. 2.5/3d integration technology: better integration of current advanced process chips, better electrical performance and lower time delay.
In addition to shorter vertical interconnection requirements, long-power technology actively promotes breakthroughs in traditional encapsulation techniques, leading to the adoption of a variety of innovative integration technologies in the areas of crystal round containment, inverted chip interconnections, silicon perme, etc., to develop differentiated solutions and help clients succeed in the market for their services.
Includes stacked chip envelopes, stacked envelopes, envelopes, 2.5d/multichipsewlb and qfp-sd, etc. Figure 25: Long power technology 2.5/3d envelopes Crystal circle envelopes: Long power technology is industry-led in providing a full-scale crystalline technology solution platform
Pre-position, the solutions offered include: fan-in crystal round covers (fiwlp), fan-out crystal round covers (fowlp), integrated sourceless devices (ipd), silicon perforation (tsv), package chip encapsulations (ecp), radio frequency recognition system-level envelopes (sip): the advantage of long-electric technology in sip covers is reflected in three advanced technologies: dual-face plastics.
For emi shielding, jcet uses back metalization techniques to improve heat conductivity and emi effectively.
3. Long-electric technology uses laser-aided combinations to overcome traditional reflux key convergence problems, such as cte mismatches, high-voltaics, high-heat mechanical stress, etc.
The long-electric technology also has large-scale production and test experience with the super-size fcbga envelopes that are essential for the Chiplet, as well as 16 layers of high-speed storage chip superstitious stacking and interconnectivity technology to ensure
The technology and manufacturing experience are in the lead both within and outside the country. The company developed 2.5dfcbga products based on high-density fan-out wrapping technology together with certification of fcbga from tsv hex 3dsoc, increasing the number and performance of integrated chips for further comprehensive development of Chiplet.
The number and layout of companies’ patents are the second largest in the world. According to Insight 2022/1/14-2023/1/31, long-power technologies grew by 256 and accumulated 4916 patents.
Of these, 60 new overseas patents have been added to long-power technology, which have increased in the United States, Singapore, Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan, with more than 2,500 patents far exceeding their domestic counterparts. The number of corporate patents is now second only to the sun and moon, and is the second highest in the world.
In July 2021, the company gathered together for a long-term build-up of state-of-the-art encapsulation techniques and officially launched a high-density, multi-dimensional orientation towards the chiplet.
Integrated technology platform xdf0iTM, integrated with co-design concepts for the integration and testing of chip finished products, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3dchiplet integration technologies. Long-electric technology xdf01TM allows organic heavy-column wire stacks to be contained within 50 μm, with microbumps at a centre of 40 μm, to be in thinner and thinner.
In smaller units, high-density process integration, higher integration, stronger modular function, and smaller encapsulation sizes can be performed. At the same time, metal depositions can be performed on the back of the envelope, while increasing the efficiency of dispersion while increasing the electromagnetic shielding capacity of the envelope, as designed, and increasing the quality of chip production.
On January 5, the company announced its high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration of Xdf0iTMchiple, which is scheduled to be a steady mass production phase, synchronizing the international customer's 4nm polychim system.
The company takes full advantage of the technology of the high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series of xdf0i TMchiple, and is expected to enhance its development in such markets as fpga, cpu, gpu, ai, and 5g web chips with high integration and numeracy requirements.
The company currently has six major production bases, of which Jiang Yinjio, Xinzhou and Cebu plants are mainly traditional envelopes and are now in a weak transition from semiconductor to semiconductor atmosphere, with a projected increase in revenue from 2023 to 2025, with Korea mainly dominated by advanced envelopes, large domestic and foreign customers, with more stable demand and advanced closure.
The installation has helped the company to encapsulate and test the value of its operations, and it is expected that in 2023-2025 we will conduct a scenario analysis of the profit projections, which were previously assumed to be neutral, optimistically predicting the growth rate of the harvest and the company being the leading global integrated circuit manufacturing and technology service provider, covering the third largest integrated circuit in the world.
Test enterprises that provide fan-in crystal circle encapsulation (fiwlp), fan-out crystal round encapsulation (fowlp), integrated unsourced (ipd), silicon perforation (tsv), package chip encapsulation (ecp), radio frequency recognition (rfid) and are widely applied to 5g mobile processors, wifi routers and operations, vehicle-borne information in entertainment systems, uniformed
We use equipment, functional servers, generic processors, etc.. We select domestic seal companies that provide the same or similar technology, which are close to downstream applications, with micro-electricity, Chinese technology, and electron as comparable companies.
Technologies include advanced containment technologies such as bumping, wlcsp, fc, bga, sip, qfn, qfp, so, and auto electronics, mems, etc.
Dip/sdip, sot, sop, ssop, tsop/etssop, qfp/lqfp/tqfp, qfn/dfn, bga/lga, fc, mcm (mcp), sip, wlp, tsv, bumping, mems, etc.
Electronics: The main core technology available to the company includes high-density latch-in-column chip wrapping techniques, radio frequency chip/module wrapping techniques for communication 4g/5g, hybrid system-level encapsulation (hybrid-sip)
Technology, multichip/high-welded grid array (wb-bga) containment technology, high density/large-sized qfn containment technology based on fuse frames, mems&optic sensor containment technology and advanced multi-application areas. Figure 34: Long-electric technology versus comparable company roa
Figure 35: LET and comparable total asset turnover, 32.65-34.34 times the value range; comparable companies, 2.84 times the average pb value in 2023 and 2.00-3.86 times the value. LET as the country ' s first and third largest global firm, technology, technology and technology
Patents, markets are the most widely distributed, excluding net profits from the parent, roe, roa, and total asset turnover are the best in the country. The current long-power technology is estimated at 17.01 times the 2023 pe, 2.13 times the pb, and the higher company average and pb are premiumed at 94.8% and 33.5%, respectively. Considering the current global semiconductor industry,
In the interim, however, the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, in particular the choice of comparable companies and the choice of multiple values for companies. On the basis of a combined analysis of companies, we have given relatively reasonable assumptions, but we cannot exclude the risk of inaccurate estimates of some of the data.
Underestimations of company costs and overestimations have led to higher forecasts of company profits over the next three years than actual industry volatility risks: the integrated circuit industry is characterized by cyclical fluctuations and the frequency of semiconductor industry cycles.
Much higher than the economic cycle, there may be completely opposite semiconductor cycles in both the upper and the lower course of the economic cycle. Uncertainty about the sustainability of the future semiconductor sector as a result of the industry’s swing cycle may adversely affect the company’s performance.
Risks of policy adjustment in semiconductor industries: The integrated circuit industry in which the company is located is one of the areas in which the State has focused its efforts to encourage development. Authorities have created a good policy environment for industry development, with key industry laws and policies encouraging adequate market competition, protecting the legitimate compliance of enterprises and planning for the long term.
The development path offers good development opportunities for the development of the integrated circuit industry in the country. In the future, if domestic support for integrated circuit-related industrial policies is reduced, there will be a certain risk of trade friction: companies are manufacturing and testing as semiconductor chip products, firms in the reporting period.
External income accounts for a larger share of the income from the main business. If the countries concerned continue to escalate trade frictions with China, restrict imports and exports or raise tariffs, companies may face risks such as equipment, shortages of raw materials and loss of customers, which in turn leads to production restrictions, fewer orders, higher costs, and a negative impact on the company’s operations and operations.
Equipment supply risk: The semiconductor chip manufacturing and testing industry has higher requirements for equipment, partly heavy, and the core equipment comes from outside the country. In the future, some of the company’s core equipment may experience supply shortages, substantial price increases, or trade frictions, diplomatic conflicts, and trade between the country of the supplier and the region and China.
The war, among other things, affects export licences for the corresponding equipment, which may affect the company's production and operation and its continued development Exchange rate risk: the subsidiary H.E. H. H. H. H. H. Kim and his subsidiaries mainly use the United States dollar as a currency of account and its main operations are carried out outside the country, while the parent company's consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB
As the renminbi becomes internationalized and marketized, and the exchange rate of the renminbi increases, changes in the exchange rate of the dollar against currencies such as the renminbi, the won, and the won will result in the risk that the external product development of the company’s consolidated financial statements will fall short of expectations: with the pace of technological upgrading in the industry, the company’s downstream customers will also be involved.
In recent years, multichip stacks based on crystal-circle containment techniques, folding complex system-level encapsulation products have gradually become one of the directions of technology development in the integrated circuit sealing industry. If the Department fails to fully validate or miscalculate the development of the project, the company has been exposed to a technical bias in the direction of research and development.
The risk of failure of R & D projects due to poor market applicability of R & D technologies or the difficulty of R & D. The risk of brain drain from key technologies: the integrated circuit industry is an intellectually intensive industry, human resources are the foundation of integrated circuit enterprises, and one of the key factors in companies’ sustained competitive advantage.
A professional pool of talent skills has been built, and in the future, companies may face the loss of critical skilled personnel and the inability to introduce more highly skilled personnel if the internal organization of the company is poorly built, the pay appraisal mechanism of the Ministry of Internal Affairs is not competitive in the same industry, or the promotion mechanism is not being implemented efficiently.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.