Long-range electrical technology (600584.sh) depth report, advanced containment lead, long-term control of the Dragon Head.
Long-power technology: The world's leading integrated circuit sealer. Long-power technology was established in 1972 as the world's leading integrated circuit manufacturing and technology service provider.
2.5d/3d, system-level (sip) wrapping technology and high performance flipchip and lead-line interconnection technology, long-electric technology products, services and technology cover a wide range of areas such as communications downstream of integrated circuits, high performance computing, vehicle-borne electronics, large data storage, artificial intelligence and object networking.
The main camp has advanced containment techniques, long power, Korea, long power, long power supply, long power supply, and a number of factories in the main camp’s traditional containment.
\triangleright takes a fast path. Within the industry, there has been a technological evolution in the path from welding to rewinding, from puncture to grid arrays; to increase integration and reduce the volume of encumbrances, system-grade envelopes and crystal-circle envelopes should be transported;
In response to the cost and good rate of the advanced large-area single chip, the Chiplet process has gradually become the cover of the in-house flagship s010521120004 competing layout.
According to yole, in 2021, the world's top wrapper market, with a total revenue of $37.4 billion, is expected to reach $65 billion in 2027, with an annual compound increase of 9.6 per cent between 2021 and 2027, while long electricity has a forward-looking layout and a leading card position on the advanced wrapping track.
Sip is a leading global field, with affiliates with long power technology and long power advances focused on high end tip and crystal round, respectively. In July 2021, long power officially launched a high-density multi-dimensional isomer complex for chipplet (small chips) as a technology platform xdfoi, and announced the international client 4nm node chiplet in January 2023.
The sealing of the atmosphere is in good shape, and the strong are always strong. Cell phones and pc demand are weak in the downstream terminal market. \triangleright year q2 of the world’s major feeders stock is expected to return to its average water level for almost 20 years, and icinsights are expected to return to the average level of water.
The global semiconductor market is expected to return to positive growth in 2024. Long electricity, the largest anchor in the country, ranked first in 2022 at $33.8 billion, and third in the world, is expected to benefit from a recovery in industry.
Investing in the future priorities of auto electronics, 2.5dchiplet, new-generation power devices, etc. Investment proposals: long-power technology as a domestic anchor, with a forward-looking layout in advanced containment areas
For the first time, the company's leading position in advanced containment was covered, with a recommended rating. \triangleright 1 long electrotech: the world's leading integrated circuit sealer
1.1 The global layout, with a steady expansion of operations, is a globally known integrated circuit encapsulation test enterprise. The company offers a full range of professional production services for global design, product development and certification, as well as for detection, containment into finished tests and delivery from chips.
High-integral crystal-scale wlp, 2.5d/3d, system-level (sip) wrapping technology and high-performance flipchip and lead-line interconnection technology, with products, services and technologies covering mainstream integrated circuit system applications, including network communications, mobile terminals, high-performance computing, vehicle-mounted electronics, large data storage, artificial intelligence and interconnection
In the fields of grids, industrial intelligence, etc. Long-power technology was preceded by the Jiang Cyclops transistor Factory, established in 1972, converted into Jiangsu Electric Unit Technology Co. Ltd. in 2000, and was established in 2003 to be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in the same year.
Figure 1: The history of long-power technology development, as a domestic anchor, has been working closely with the country’s crystal-crystal workers to develop it in synergy.
Over the past few years, long power has continued to grow in scale through investment in M&As and overseas plants.
In 2015, the Joint Long and Power Technologies National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry and the Cycetic Semiconductor were set up to complete the merger of Singapore's Starring Kimbon, a company that had long-standing partnerships with a number of international semiconductor industry giants.
In May 2016, long-term electricity and technology established a jcetstats chippackorealimited (jsck, long-wire Korea) in Korea, integrating the sips of S.H.K.
Business capacity to build a high-sip product wrapping test project. In June 2021, Long Electric announced the completion of the acquisition of annalogdevicesinc. (adi) Singapore testing plant and the integration of its operators with Singapore affiliates to enhance business capacity.
After more than two decades of development, long-power technology has become a globalized business arrangement. Companies have six chip manufacturing bases and two research and development centres in China, Korea, and Singapore, and operational agencies in more than 20 countries and regions that can provide close technical cooperation and efficient industrial chain support to global clients.
Figure 2: Global strategy layout for long-range electricity and technology. The company’s six production bases are located in Jiangyangjiang, Jiangyangzhou, Cebu City, Singapore, and Korea, with a clear division of labour, technical characteristics and competitive advantages.
The company has a wide area coverage, a stable diverse and high-quality client base around the world, covering major parts of the world, including integrated circuit manufacturers, crystal-free-crystal mills and crystal-crystal-generation plants.
They are market leaders in their respective areas. Companies have established mature operations in countries where strategic semiconductor markets are located, and are close to major crystal-crystal manufacturing hubs, providing full integration, multi-position (multi-site), end-to-end sealing services to customers.
1.2 Reverse income growth, robust profit release Semiconductor sealing industry down in 2022, but firms accelerate R & D and customer import in high performance sealing, enhance the opening of high value added markets, optimize product structure and business weight, real income and net profit
Reverse growth. Throughout the year 2022, the company achieved a revenue of $33,762 million, an increase of 10.69 per cent over the year; and in 2023 q1, an increase of 12.49 per cent over the year, q1, influenced by a semiconductor cyclical downswing, with short-term pressure on the company’s performance, resulting in a net return to the mother.
In terms of profitability and cost rates, companies have grown over the past few years through business size and improved management of operations, and downstream market structures suggest that their downstream markets are dominated by telecommunications and consumer electronics. Throughout 2022, the corporate income structure accounted for 39.3 per cent of electronic communications, 29.3 per cent of consumer electronics, 17.4 per cent of electronics, and 17.4 per cent of electronics.
The two growing paths of computing electronics and automobiles are focused on the company’s dynamic direction. Compared to the same period in 2021, the share of computing electronics increased by 4.2 pct, the share of automobiles by 1.8 pct, and the share of consumer electronics decreased by 4.5 pct.
Many of the managers of long electricity technology are senior professionals in the integrated circuit industry, with many years of overseas work experience. Among them, Chief Executive Officer Jung Liang has had nearly 30 years of experience in integrated circuit production in the United States, Japan, Europe, and China.
Senior management positions such as e-China ceo. Chief Technology Officer Lee Chunsheng has over 20 years of work experience in semiconductors and has served as Chief Technology Officer in Amkortechnology, Executive Vice-President of Global Manufacturing and President of Amkor Korea, with 38 Korean patents and 21 US patents.
2 Investing in state-of-the-art containment technology to strengthen core competitiveness 2.1 advanced containment becomes an important route to the extension of Moore's law.
Connecting to the outside circuits, enhancing heat conductivity, etc., is a cover. From traditional frame wrappings, to front-loading fun-out, the containment technology has been developed largely along smaller envelopes, higher density. Traditional wrappings are usually in the form of welded wires.
And in the most sophisticated applications, the larger size of the single chip is associated with a significant increase in costs.
Good rates are falling, and advanced envelopes are gradually moving towards an assortment that will open a single soc into small core particles (chiplet) with different functions to raise the rate and reduce the cost. Chiplet technology is gradually becoming a high-calculation chip focus. Here we will elaborate on the evolution of the encapsulation technology path.
Figure 7: Encapsulation technology development history 2.1.1 Level I interconnectivity: from welding to inverting.
Linking pcb, mainly in the form of wraps, sop, sop, qfp, qfn, etc. However, in order to adapt to the increased density of the circuit assembly, the distance between the fused feet is shrinking, the number of i/o is increasing, and the volume of the envelopes is increasing, causing many difficulties in the production of the circuit assembly, leading to a decline in the rate of finished products and a reduction in the number of finished products.
Increases in assembly costs. In order to accommodate more of the more advanced chips, only a newer envelope is found, reloaded. Figure 8: Wirebond wrapping (guiding frame type), reloading (flipchip) processes, depositing tin balls directly on i/opad of the chip, flipping and welding.
On surfaces such as the base plate, the tin ball replaces the lead in the original lead frame process. The advantage of this wrapping method is that the i/o ends are spread over the entire chip surface, allowing for more i/o interfaces, a higher density of envelopes, and an area closer to diesize. It is widely applied to high end digital chips, such as cpu, gpu, mcu, etc.
Figure 9: Comparison of the flipchip process with 2.1.2 Level II interconnectivity: from perforation to bga, etc.
Wirebond and inverted envelopes are two different technologies that are connected to the first level between the chip and the enveloped base plate. The second level of interconnectivity between the enveloped base plate and the pcb board is also continuously innovating.
For example, the early dip (dualin-linepackage) covers, also known as double-column straight plugs, have been applied long ago in cpu, such as 4004, 8086 and 8088. The dip covers are suitable for piercing the pcb board and welding, which is easier to operate, but can be used only to encrypt on both sides, thus containing a limited number of quotes.
When cpu reached the 80286s, qfp (platticquadflatpackage, plastic flattened envelopes) appeared, which could accommodate more pulls while the signal was stable and capable of meeting the high frequency of chip work.
Figure 10: Several typical forms of fuse frame encapsulation, with the sharp increase in the number of i/o triggers and the consequent increase in power, to meet the development needs by opening up a new secondary interconnectivity, beyond the original plug-in and plug-in — grid array envelope, bga (ball)
The bga covers are inverted in the first level of interconnection, with a tin ball at the second level, which replaces the foot, as the tin ball is spread over the back of the entire envelope, increases the number of i/o that the second level of interconnectivity can accommodate, narrows the spacing, and eliminates the production costs and reliability problems associated with the high qfp foot count.
There is now a wide range of applications in the encapsulation of large-scale integrated circuits, such as gpu (apectual processing chip), the main plate chip group. At the same time, there are rectangular grid arrays (lga), plug-in grid arrays (pga), lga is a flat foot, and pga is a pin, a new surface-filling technique.
2.1.3 System-level encapsulation The first level of interconnected wirebond and fc forms can be used in the bga/lga type of encapsulation.
In fc, the secondary connection is liga, known as fc-lga. And the system-level sealing process will be created with the demand for high integration in downstream applications.
Integration into a chip through different encapsulation processes significantly improves chip integration, electrical connection performance, and near-minimization of chips. For example, system-level encapsulation can install all processors, drams, flash, resists, capacitors, connectors, antennas, etc. on a single line, significantly reducing the volume, weight, and so on.
In terms of form of realization, the sip covers are mostly based on bga/lga, in the form of a combination of fc or wb or fc+wb (known as hybrid-bga/hybrid-lga). The combination of the welding chip and the inverted chip mixes in a chip combines the technical characteristics of two different types of encapsulation processes.
A high-end system-grade encapsulation product. 2.1.4 Crystal circle seal, in the form of a bga-type encapsulation, the enveloped base plate acts as a rewired wire, which is the i/o port of the chip.
Draws out, through the wiring on the base plate, re-routed into a grid array/plane-troupe array. The resulting crystal circle envelope, i.e., a copper interlocking layer similar to the one created in the front, is used to complete the rewiring. Wlp (waferlevelpackage) crystal circle seal is placed in the manufacturing process directly in the crystal circle/heavy.
In a crystal circle, a large part or all of the encapsulation testing process is performed, followed by cutting to a single chip. This containment technique does not require a fuse frame, a base plate, etc. medium, and the chip is reduced in size, and batch processing has led to a significant reduction in production costs.
Wlp goes back from fan-inwlp (wlcsp) to fan-outwlp (fowlp). A fan's inbound wlp covers directly on a crystal circle, cuts it off after the wrapping is complete, and the fabric is finished within the chip size, and the envelope size is the same as the chip size.
The plate is repositioned to the artificial plate, and the distance between chips depends on the need, followed by crystal circle sealing, and finally cutting, the wire can be laid inside and outside the chip, and the envelope is generally larger than the area of the chip, but the number of i/o available is increased.
Figure 14: Evolution from fan-form to fan-form. The core of the crystal circle envelope is the bumping process, i.e., the building of the grooves on the surface of the crystal. The bumping prototype is the welding ball needed to reverse the chip, and the refilling of the chip to a certain extent.
It replaces the fuses, which provide the basis for the various forms of encapsulation that follow. The contour process is located in the industrial chain between the manufacturing of the forward crystal circle and the back-seal encapsulation test, so it is called a medium-course process, using high-precision exposure, ion treatment, electroplating, etc. equipment and materials, and is based on custom photo masks to rewrite the crystal circle.
Allows a higher port density of the chip, shortens the transmission path, reduces the delay of the signal, and provides better thermal conductivity and reliability.
Chiplet technology is a new class of sip technology, which is used primarily to address the increasing costs of a large single socracy. The Chiplet process increases the cost of large chips by connecting small core particles from different process nodes through advanced encapsulation.
Area chip rates are becoming increasingly important to semiconductor giants at home and abroad. In addition to cost and efficiency advantages, Chiplet takes Soc into modularized microchips, re-uses the ip, and accelerates the process of chip design.
Multichip integration sip, stand-alone ip integration Chiplet. Validation at soc level.
• Validate the development time of 1 to 2 years at the level of Chiplet
There's hundreds of defects in the chip. There's dozens of defects in the chip. There's less than 10 defects in the chip.
♪ Can't be reused Some can be reused Large quantities can be reused ♪
In form, the high-speed interconnectivity of die-to-die is the basis on which Chiplet can be achieved. The small core particles of Chiplet can be connected by board or interposer, and the material of interposer is divided into silicon-based, organic two. If the chip is flat on the bottom of the envelope, it is called 2.5d envelope, if it is stacked between chips.
It's called a 3d envelope. The crystal-crystal terminal is the global leader of the Chiplet process. Since the Chiplet technology involves the stacking of chips, it calls it the 3dfabricTM technology, with coyos, info, and coyo under the flag.
Soic is a three-package process that represents the three dominant forms of current Chiplet technology. The info scenario is a board with a relatively low cost, with relatively slow connectivity and no interposer. In its variant info_lsi, local silicon is embedded in the board where the chip is interconnected.
Bridges, increasing the speed of interconnectivity between two core particles, which Applem1ultra uses. The difference between the cohoos and info is the inclusion of interposer, the core particles are connected to interposer, and placed on board. The Silicon-based interposer program is called cohoos-s.
The sorcerer program is known as coyos-r. The cowos program is more expensive and more connected, so it is more likely to be used for arithmetic chip, and nvdiah100 is used. The solc program is different from the first two options, which are stacked in the wrapping chain.
On March 3, 2022, the semiconductor giants of amd, intel and others announced the joint establishment of the Chiplet industry alliance, which aims to build the chipplet interconnection standards, promote open ecology, and set the standard ucie, which establishes the high-speed interface standards for connectivity at the chip wrapping level. In June 2022, long-power technology joined the ucie.
2.2 Long-tech advanced encapsulation lanes are leading cards. 2.2.1 advanced encapsulation is wide, with electronics moving further towards miniaturization and multifunctionality, chip sizes getting smaller and chip species growing.
There is a growing number of categories, with a significant increase in the number of output entries, an increase in the demand of the semiconductor sealing industry for the market for advanced seals, and an increase in the share of advanced envelopes in the entire market year after year. According to yole data, the global total of advanced seal markets was $37.4 billion in 2021, and is expected to be advanced.
The loading market will reach the size of $65 billion in 2027, with an annual compound increase of 9.6 per cent between 2021 and 2027, which will contribute to a major increase in the global seal market.
Long-range electrotech has advanced technology in advanced containment areas, including high-end containment technology, especially in the field of crystal-circle fan-outwlp and system-level envelopes (sip), which is owned by the ewlb (fan-)
One out, mainly for high-end mobile master processor encapsulation, and the tip is a technologically, large-scale global leader. In 2019-2022, the Starcombing Camp grew from $1,069 million to $1,946 million.
In 2019-2022, the Korea Long Power Camp increased its revenue from $748 million to 1.849 billion, while the China Long Power Advanced Main Camp operation was a medium-stage bumping crystal round seal. In 2022, it collected $1,682 million, or about 5% of the total revenue from long electricity technology.
▪ Revenue (millions of United States dollars) Through the operational layout of the subsidiaries, long electricity covers a wide range of state-of-the-art 2.5/3d integration techniques, crystal rim seals (wlp) and fanning (sip) technologies, system-class covers (sip) technologies, inverted envelopes four major technologies
Main types of processes, of which 2.5/3d integration technologies cover mainly high performance computing markets, fan-based crystal rounding techniques downstream cover mainly consumer electronics, iot markets, and sip downstream mainly covers radio frequency, simulation markets. In terms of new technology layouts, the company officially launched in July 2021 a chipple (small chip) for the chiplet.
High-density multi-dimensional isomer integration technology platform xdfoiTM, integrated with co-designation and testing, covering 2d, 2.5d, 3dchiplet integration technology, as the technology is based on high-density fan-out encapsulation core particles in interposer
With long-term accumulation and leadership in the field of fan-out sealing, the company has taken the lead in the steady volume production of ciplet technology, which is used in high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, automobile electronics, etc.
. In January 2023, the company announced the delivery of the international client ' s 4nm node Chiplet product. The program uses an organic rdlinterposer, which combines one or more logical chips (cpu/gpu, etc.) in order to make the product available.
and i/ochiplet and/or high bandwidth memory chips (hbm), with a maximum envelope area of 1,500 mm2.
Source:ee, imaps, ocp-odsasip=system-in-packagepop=package-on-packagetmv/tsv=through-mold/silicon-viac2w=chip-to-water3 scenario recovery period, with a consistent global semiconductor industry characterized by cyclical + growth convergence, based on icinsights
Over the last 10 years, on average, the market has experienced a full cycle of four to five years, with the upper cycle running from the valley to the peak, mainly because of the weakness of the consumer market for electronic terminals. According to idc, in 2022, the global volume of pc shipments was 285 million, a decline of 16 per cent. This affected cell phones, pc, etc., in 2022.
The inventory of chips upstream of electronic hardware continues to rise, and according to the counterpoint data, in 2022 q4 of the world’s main client list of the Fabless factory reached nearly 20 years old. Depending on end demand and downstream stock pressure, the sealing industry has slowed down since 2022 q3 to full coverage.
For example, in June 2022, the moon-and-moon camp peaked at a negative rate, but looking forward to 2023, we think it's possible to see the industry's climate regenerate. As previously reported, the counterpoint is expected to return to the average number of days in 2023 q2tables.
Near the water level, icinsights are also expected to return to positive growth in the size of the global semiconductor market in 2024. We believe that in 2023 q2 q2 is expected to see a steady bottom of the seal and a recovery in downstream demand.
According to yole, the size of the global sealing industry reached $84.4 billion in 2021. In terms of pattern, the current global seal testing flagships are concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, and in recent years the market of top3 producers has been over 50% and industry concentration is higher.
The top three markets were Sunshine (27%), Anak (14%) and Long Electric Technologies (11%). The top ten producers in Taiwan accounted for 39.36% of the world ' s market share, while the top ten producers in mainland China accounted for 24.55% of the world ' s market share.
Figure 28: Global out-of-the-box market coverage 2022 3.3 Focus on key application areas, with emphasis on automobile electronics and 2.5d
Chiplet Long Electric Technology focuses on key applications, with advanced packaging technology for semiconductors leading the industry in several major downstream markets, such as 5g communications, high performance computing, consumer, automobiles and industry.
In the 5g mobile terminal area, companies pre-position high-density system-level sip technology, coupled with multiple international high-end clients completing multiple 5g radio frequency module development and volume production, product performance and leadership ahead of international competition.
Hand, highly recognized by clients and markets, has been applied to a large number of high-end 5g mobile terminals; in addition, the company Starcomb Singapore has a cis process line that can be applied to high-performance high-pixel cameras, which also provides the basis for companies to move forward and compete for a larger share in the fast-growing camera module market.
In the area of vehicle-borne electronics, long-power technology has a dedicated car electronics centre, with product types covering a variety of applications such as smart cabins, smart web links, adas, sensors, and power devices. Meanwhile, in mainland China, the plant area has completed the igbt wrapping operation and has a carbonated silicone and nitrous silicon chip envelope.
In the semiconductor storage market, long-electric technology containment services cover a variety of storage chip products, such as dram,flash. Of these, the Starfleet plant has more than 20 years of memory encapsulation production experience.
Flash stacking, 35um ultra thin chip production capacity, hybrid heterogeneous stacking, etc., are in the lead in the domestic industry, high performance computing, where long power technology has launched a full range of XdfoiTM products, offering industry-leading, hyperdensity isomer integration solutions.
In the field of artificial intelligence/iot networking, long-power technology has a full range of solutions. The company’s domestic plant covers most of the generic encapsulation testing types and some of the high-end containment types in the encapsulation industry.
One-stop service to system integration and testing from midway seals. In 2023, long-term plans focused major investments on future development projects such as auto electronic containment bases, 2.5d ciplet, a new generation of power plant encapsulation capability planning, and plans to maintain them throughout 2023
Investment in fixed assets of RMB 6.5 billion, consisting mainly of strategic investment of RMB 2 billion, expansion of production capacity of RMB 1.88 billion, investment in research and development of RMB 820 million, construction of infrastructure of RMB 800 million, and separation of the operating profit projection assumption of 6.3.41 per cent from operations on a day-to-day basis
The company’s main business is a chip encapsulation test. Given the company’s global business layout, and the differences in product patterns and market demand between its respective client groups at different production bases, we predict how the company’s business is split between mainland China and overseas operations.
China Mainland Operations: The mainland China region is mainly oriented towards domestic design firms, with product patterns such as traditional seals, cips, inverteds, crystal-crystal seals, etc. The same is true for the semiconductor cycle, which affected the continental region’s business needs in 2022, the loss of income from such subsidiaries as Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long-Long.
Looking at 2023, we believe that with the recovery in downstream consumption, domestic operations slowed down earlier than overseas, with the growth in domestic demand for advanced sealing, with further gains expected after 2024. Offshore operations are expected: companies ' overseas operations are mainly directed to foreign leading design firms, with total company revenues in 2022.
With more than 70% of the share, both Korea’s and Singapore’s two overseas subsidiaries maintained a high rate of income profit growth in 2022. Given that companies’ overseas operations are dominated by large consumers of electronics downstream, usually during the second half of the year, q1 showed only a slowdown in 2023, adjusting their time.
Lately, overseas operations are expected to be under short-term pressure in 2023. But companies continue to expand their production abroad and, since 2023, have gradually expanded their international clients’ high-end products, such as Chiplet wrapping, which is expected to be released rapidly after 2023, and overseas operations are expected to continue to show higher growth than domestic operations in the future.
Short-term annual pressure, but with the gradual release and periodic warming of sophisticated, large-scale sealed products, future profitability includes other business: not related to the company's main business and less than 1 per cent of its income, and not significant for the company's profitability Management cost rate: the company's management cost rate has been flattened with income growth since 2021 and has reached a low level
R & D cost rate: The company’s R & D cost rate has remained stable over the past few years, mainly because of continuous investment in advanced enveloped R & D. Sustained R & D inputs are expected to remain stable in the advanced enclosures as the company’s products continue to evolve, and financial costs: the company’s financial costs are mainly derived from interest on borrowing, but they have been associated with corporate profitability since 2022
The company's main industry is a chip encapsulation test, and we have selected domestic sealing companies for micro, Chinese and Chinese technology, and selenium electronics as comparable companies in the same industry, with a parity of 2023-2025 of p21/13/11, which is significantly lower than the average for the same industry.
There are leading cards in advanced envelopes, and valuations are lower than those of comparable counterparts, covering for the first time, to 1) risk of increased competition in the industry. As the largest sealer in the country, companies face competition from other small and medium-sized firms, and increased competition in the industry will have a negative impact on their profitability.
2) Downstream consumer e-market demand is not as high as expected. Markets such as company downstream consumer electronics, 5g communications, etc. are closely related to the consumer e-demand climate. If consumption demand does not recover as expected, research findings will be drawn that cause the company’s business to go beyond methodological and analytical logic, the report will be presented independently and objectively, and the content and views of the report will be held accountable. This report clearly and accurately reflects researchers’ research.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.