The company is the world’s top three integrated circuit sealing companies, with strong shareholder backgrounds, and a management team.
Strong, with 13.31 per cent of the company's shares held by the First Shareholder State Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, which contributed to the deeper integration of manufacturing base resources within and outside the country, improved efficiency in operating management, optimized product structure and improved financial structure, stable growth trends in corporate revenue and significant profitability.
In 2022, while the semiconductor industry was at a critical stage, the company achieved a revenue of $33,762 million, an increase of 10.69 per cent in the same year, a net return profit of $3,231 million, an increase of 9.20 per cent in the same year, showing a more robust operation.
As the process evolves to 5 nm, 3 nm nodes, it becomes increasingly difficult to move the process forward, while the combinations overflow, the intensity of power is increasing, and the power supply and heat evaporation are facing enormous challenges.
Chiplet technology is an important way to improve integration and chip computing. Industry already has multiple tabulations based on chiplet, and the application of chiplet will bring the value of the sealing chain to total equity/circulation (billion shares) 17.80/17.80
The company currently has the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks for a high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration process.
In the steady mass production phase, the international client 4nm node multichip system is integrated into a sealed product, the national integrated circuit industry investment fund, Inc.
The semiconductor industry has continued to decline; competition in the industry has increased; and client orders have fallen short of expectations.
Prolonged electricity technology was established in 1972 as the world’s leading enterprise in integrated circuit manufacturing and technology services, with six production bases and two research and development centres in China, Korea and Singapore, and operations in more than 20 regions, with close technical cooperation with global clients and efficient industry chain support.
Chip finished manufacturing technology and R & D power, core intellectual property rights cover the full-line seal area, with more than 3,000 patents and nearly 6,000 engineers, providing a full range of chip finished products with one-stop services, including integrated circuit system integration, design simulations, technology development, product certification, crystal round measurements, middle-crystal seal testing, system-level encapsulation testing, chip finished testing and possible
Direct transport services to semiconductor customers around the world. Companies’ products, services and technologies cover the use of mainstream integrated circuit systems, including network communications, mobile terminals, high-performance computing, car-borne electronics, big data storage, artificial intelligence and object networking, industrial 1.2 equity structure: shareholders have strong backgrounds and leadership teams.
According to the company's latest disclosure, the company's first major shareholder is the State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund, Inc., holding 13.31% of the company's shares, and the company's second largest shareholder is the company's first largest shareholder, with 12.86% of the company's shareholding.
The company is a senior professional in the integrated circuit industry, with nearly 30 years of experience in the integrated circuit industry in the United States, Japan, Europe, and China, and has held senior management positions such as Senior Vice-President and President of the Greater China District of Enjiura, Risa, and the Electronic China Sector ceo. The company has over 20 years of experience in the semiconductor sector.
At the time, he was the Chief Technical Officer of Amkortechnoroy, the Executive Vice-President of Global Manufacturing and the President of the Republic of Korea. 1.3 Financial analysis: significant increases in profitability into a new phase of development.
Management efficiency improvements, product structure optimization and financial architecture improvements, firm growth trends of steady growth, increased profitability, and a new phase of development. In 2022, while the semiconductor industry was in a severe downward phase, the company achieved business income of $33,762 million, an increase of 10.69 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $3,231 million, an increase of the same year.
9.20 per cent, showing robust business performance, income continues to rise, companies capture new energy and car-type market hotspots, and accelerate product structure from consumer to auto-electronics, industrial control to optimized strategic layouts.
Asset-liability ratios are decreasing and capital structures are improving. Companies are constantly optimizing their asset-liability structures, asset-liability ratios, and companies have a good short-term solvency capacity. In terms of short-term solvency, the ratio of corporate flows and speed ratios is rising year by year, with a rapid pace of industry 2: in the post-Moor era, advanced envelope needs are highlighted.
2.1 The domestic sealing industry is at the top of the global list, and the market size continues to grow. Encapsulation and testing are important links in the integrated circuit industry chain.
The purpose of the encapsulation is to protect the chip from damage caused by physical, chemical and other environmental factors, to enhance the fragmentation of the chip, and to make it easier to connect the chip port to the component level (system-level) printed circuit boards (pcb), glass base panels, etc., in order to achieve electrical connection and ensure that the circuit works properly. The tests are mainly for the functionality, performance, etc. of the chip or integrated module.
To determine or assess the functionality and performance of integrated circuit components by measuring and comparing the output response and expected output of integrated circuits, the purpose of which is to screen products with structural defects and non-compliant functions and performances, is an important means of validating design, monitoring production, assuring quality, analysing failures and guiding applications.
Figure 13: Integrated circuits industrial chain (fc) Welding in reverse (fc) Domestic sealing has grown steadily, with sales in 2021 amounting to $276.3 billion.
The upper-middle-technology chip was designed as the country’s largest segment of the integrated circuit industry, and in 2021 it accounted for 43.21% of China’s combined circuit production. The crystal circle manufacturing and sealing tests accounted for 30.37%, 26.42%, respectively. The overall structure of the industry is improving. As the higher-value-added chip design industry has accelerated, it has also advanced in the industrial chain.
Developments in the integrated circuit containment testing industry downstream. In recent years, the integrated circuit containment testing industry has grown year by year, reaching $276.3 billion in 2021, representing an increase of 10.1 per cent in the same year. The technical capability of the containment testing is close to international advanced levels.
The Taiji region remains the conglomerator of the global semiconductor encapsulation testing industry, in which Taiwan, China, is the largest and most technologically advanced containment and testing site in the world, with five of China’s top 10 containment and testing sub-manufacturing enterprises and China’s mainland occupying the third, sixth and seventh places, respectively, in long- and medium-sized technology.
According to a list published by the Chipinsights, the company estimated an estimated $33.8 billion.
The company has a clear lead in brand leadership, diversified teams, internationalization, technological capabilities, quality assurance capabilities, size of production, and operational efficiency. 2.2 Advanced encapsulation support chip performance improvements
In the post-Moor era, advanced encapsulation became an important technology path to enhance chip performance. The "Post Moor" process technology was difficult to break down, and the process process was experiencing significant cost increases and technical barriers slowed down. According to the foreign media Semigening, the development of chips at the 28nm process node cost US$ 51.3 million, and the 16nm node was developed.
The cost of development of the 7nm node is US$297 million, and the cost of development of the 5nm node has risen to US$540 million. As the IC process is difficult to break through in the short term, upgrading the overall performance of the chip through advanced encapsulation technology has become an integrated circuit technological development trend in the industry. According to yole forecast, the global market for advanced encapsulation is complex from 2019 to 2025.
The growth rate is about 6.6 per cent, well above the traditional envelope 1.9 per cent, and the global share of advanced encapsulation in the integrated circuit seal market will increase from 42.60 per cent in 2019 to 50 per cent in 2025.
Encapsulation, development to the downstream module area (system-level encapsulation). Current advanced containment techniques include, inter alia, rewinding, bumping, tsv, rdl, crystal circle envelopement (wlp), 2.5d/3d advanced encapsulation integration process, system-level encapsulation sip, etc.
A three-dimensional envelope/assembly structure (3dsip). In a 2dsip structure, the chip level is attached to the base plate, which is not limited by the size of the chip, and the process is relatively simple and mature, but it is relatively large in size and less efficient.
The more efficient technical pathways are actually a variety of advanced containment techniques, including wrapping (pop), chip stacking (coc), silicon pore (tsv), encumbering (embeddsubstrate), etc., as well as other wrapping processes such as threading keys, reloading chips, microcosms, etc. 3D high-density system level covers (3dsip, systeminpackage/sop, etc.)
Key technological options for achieving high performance, low-power, miniaturization, hetero-process integration, low-cost system integration of electronics. The international semiconductor technology route has been identified as sip/sop that will go beyond Moore's law in the future.
Chiplet became a trend in high performance computing chip technology, which was achieved with advanced encapsulation support. As the process evolved to 5 nm, 3 nm nodes, it became more difficult to move the process forward, while power supply and heat evaporation faced enormous challenges due to high integration and concentration.
Key pathways. Chiplet, or core, first decomposes complex features, develops multiple cores with a single, specific function that can move in and modularize, encapsulates through advanced integration techniques into a system-level chip. Chiplet technique has the advantage of dividing large single chip chips into multiple identical or different microchips that can be used.
The same or different process nodes are manufactured, and encapsulation levels are integrated across chip interconnections and encapsulation techniques that reduce costs while achieving higher levels of integration. Industry now has several tabulations based on Chiplet, and intel even distributes 47 chips in the Pontevecchio series.
Single integration soc multichip integrationsip stand-alone ip integrationchipet
Check at the soc level, check at the tip level, check at the Chiplet level.
During three to four years of development, hundreds of defects were found in the chip, and dozens of defects were found in the chip.
There's less than 10 defects in the chip, and it can't be reused.
A large number of recyclables, three of them full-scale, chiplet-backed, 3.1 lead-in-the-box, and Chiplet-out-of-the-art.
The company currently provides semiconductor microsystem integration and containment. Test services cover high, medium, and low types of semiconductor sealing, covering a wide range of semiconductor product end-market applications that can provide clients with a range of services ranging from system integration encapsulation to technology development, product certification, crystal circle measurements, intermediate crystal circle seal testing, system level.
The company has two major research and development centres in China and Korea, with research and development platforms such as the National Engineering Laboratory for High-density Integrated Circuit Seal, the Post-Doctoral Research Workstation, and the National Enterprise Technology and Development Centre; and a strong engineering research and development team and experienced research and development company with vast diversity.
In January-June 2022, the company was granted 57 patents and filed 124 new patents. As of June 2022, the company had 2988 patents, of which 2406 were inventions (1462 patents in the United States). The core technology of the company currently includes 2.5d/3d integration technology, crystal-circle sealing and fan wrapping technology, system level.
In July 2022, the company launched the Xdfoi full series of very high density fan wrapping solutions. The solution is as wide or as wide online as possible.
At the same time, it is possible to achieve a multilayered layer of threads, using extremely narrow-range contour interconnection techniques, which are large in size, incorporating multiple chips, high-bandwidth memory and sourceless devices. On January 5, 2023, the company announced a high-density multi-dimensional integration of xdf0iTMchiple, a series of processes that are scheduled to move to a stable mass production phase, synchronizing the integration of the 4nm node multichip system into a sealed product.
3.2 Focus on key applications, providing high-end customised package testing solutions and supporting capacity, and focus on key applications. Companies are concentrated in key areas such as 5g communications, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry.
The industry-led semiconductor advanced containment technologies (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdfoiTM series) and mixed signal/radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resource advantages, as well as mass production, can provide markets and customers with tailor-made technology solutions.
In the area of the 5g communications application market, Starcombing has accumulated more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment tests, and has been widely recognized by clients as having engineering and volume capacity for fcbga products in full dimensions ranging from 12 x 12 mm to 67.5 mm, while certifying the testing of products through fcbga at 77.5 x 77.5 m. The company is currently working with customers to develop a larger package.
For example, technology close to 100 x 100 mm. At the same time that the volume of the envelopes has increased and based on the patent layout of the previous system platform, the Starcomb developed with its clients 2.5dfcbga products based on high-density fanout wrapping technology, while certifying fcbga, which binds to 3dsoc with tsv hex keys, upgrading the number and performance of integrated chips for further comprehensive development of Chiplet.
High-density high-performance containment technology is required to provide a solid foundation. In the 5g mobile terminal area, companies pre-position high-density system-level sip technology, in conjunction with multiple international high-end clients, have completed the development and volume of multiple 5g radio frequency modules, which have been applied to multiple high-end 5g mobile terminals; and are in the main mobile terminals.
On components, full coverage of the type of encapsulation required has been achieved. Mobile terminals have been validated with millimeter wave antenna aip products, etc., and are entering the mass production phase; in addition, the company Star Kim Peng Singapore has a cis arts production line that can be applied to high-performance high-pixel cameras, which also provides the basis for companies to compete further for a larger share of the fast-growing camera module market.
In the area of vehicle-borne electronics, the company has established a special Automobile Electronics Department to provide integrated planning and operation of vehicle-mounted electronics operations. All of the company’s six production bases, both in and out of the country, have been certified through atf16949, and have a product development and volume layout.
The ewlb programme of the radar system has been validated and demonstrated to be the best-performing encapsulation programme; the soic programme for vehicle safety systems (airbags) and sensors for driving stabilization detection systems has been validated and produced; the lga containment programme for lidar has also been certified and produced through vehicle regulations, and several lidar-related encapsulations (qfn, memsmiror, etc.) are being developed
China: In particular, the South Korean factory at Starcomb was given a project to develop a model of automobile products for a large number of European-American and Korean-car-carrying customers, mainly in smart compartments and adas. The site in mainland China has completed the igbt wrapping operation, with the ability to encrypt and test carbonated silicon and nitrous thorium chips, and is now in the process of producing a third-generation semiconductor seal in the vehicle with a recharge stamp.
In the semiconductor storage market, the company's sealing services cover a variety of stored chip products, such as dram and flash. Of these, the Starcombs have more than 20 years of experience in storing chip encumbrances. 16 layers of nadflash stacking, 35um ultra thin chip production TM whole series of products, providing industry-leading, hyperdensity isomer integration solutions for global clients.
In the area of the i/iot network, there are comprehensive solutions. Most of the types of generic encapsulation tests and some of the high-end wrapping types in the company’s domestic plant cover the encapsulation industry; sufficient capacity, short delivery times, good quality (with a good rate of 99.9% or more).
The Jiangming sector meets the one-stop service of clients from middle-way sealing to system integration and testing. 4 Profit forecasting and investment advice taking into account the company's full-scale, industry-led and internationalised client base.
The product structure is optimized to accelerate the strategic layout of high-value-added markets such as automobiles, 5g communications, high-performance computing, storage, etc., from consumer to market demand, with a focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies, and companies are expected to remain robust in the future. At the industry level, the global semiconductor market landscape since 2022 is influenced by downstream demand and higher water levels.
The downside has also affected the crop rate of sealers, but with the degeneration of stocks, the industry is expected to recover gradually, and the demand for chip seals is expected to rise. The semiconductor industry has continued to experience a decline in its climate; competition in the industry has intensified; and downstream customers’ demand for orders has fallen short of expectations.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.