Reported rate: Deduction of non-profit growth rate higher than expected, Māori rate increasing continuously - Mid-Kyoto Light (603019.sh) tracking report
>q2 single-season profits accelerate and financial costs decrease the cost of R & D increase. Company q2 quarter revenues of 1.936 billion yuan, net profit of 192 million yuan, net profit of 25.6 per cent more than year, net profit of 115 million yuan less than of 49.8 per cent more year, industry income of 49.8 per cent less q2 q2 battalion, but the ring ratio remains stable, sales costs are kept within reasonable limits and R & D costs are protected.
The rise in the Māori rate of high-end computers is largely linked to the growth of super-counting projects and the application of national product cpu, and the high rate of increase in storage products is influenced by China’s mobile distributed block-mining projects.
Car R & D costs, subsidies over the same period, and the release chip model, with net interest rates of around 23% above the 19-year net interest rate level. The share company ' s science star map, which was listed on July 8, 2020, is currently worth $16.3 billion. The company continues to work to break through core technology, seeking to change upstream subjection, good up-down-down-down-down-slipping and stock innovation.
The company is in good business and is very creative. Sino-Kyoto Light (603019.sh): Base-based and big data manufacturers, core technology assurance upstream
Millions of dollars, with a market gain of 50/34/29 times the market value of the market share in China, China and China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, the Philippines, China, the Philippines, China, the Philippines, the Philippines, the Philippines, the United Kingdom, the United Kingdom, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the Russian Federation, the United States, the Russian Federation, the United States, the United States, the Russian Federation, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States, the United States
The change in support of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. and the uncertainty of progress in the nationalization of party politics.
q2 q2 Quest 9th Street in Beijing City, where profits are accelerating and financial costs are falling to higher R & D costs. Company q2 q2 Q2 returns $1.936 billion in net profit from mother $192 million, an increase of 25.6 per cent from the same year, with the possibility of debt transfer being successfully released. q2 operating income decreased by the same year, but the ring ratio remained stable, the cost of marketing was kept within reasonable limits, and R & D costs remained at the same 23 per cent.
High-end computers continue to grow and storage products increase at a very high rate. In terms of product dimensions, high-end computers collect 3,187 million yuan, a decrease of 16.68 per cent, and Māori 14.39 per cent, an increase of 4.35 per cent; storage products collect 421 million yuan, an increase of 24.73 per cent; software development, system integration and technology services collect 380 million yuan, a decrease of 13.68 per cent. We believe that the rise in high-end computers is mainly related to the growth of over-counting projects and the application of national cpu production, with storage products growing at a high rate by China.
The net profit is expected to fall in comparison with the 20-year cost of R&D, the subsidy level and the release chip model, with net interest rates of around 23% higher than the full 19-year net interest rate level. The share company ' s share company, Sino-Singsing, was listed on 8 July 2020 in the Science and Innovation Board, with a current market value of $16.3 billion.
Strived to break through core technology and seek to change upstream and downstream hostage-taking, with good up-to-and-down extension and good governance of innovative firms participating in it. Access to high-end computer research and development and expansion projects based on home-grown chips (2 billion), high-end computer-io module development and industrialization projects ($920 million), high-end computer-in-house initiatives to control solidware research and development projects ($480 million) and replenishment of liquidity ($1.38 billion).
With a focus on high-end computer products, which are designed to tap into the huge domestic market, the company plans to invest 2 billion dollars in high-end computer research and development, and we believe that China is the leading infrastructure data manufacturer in the country, benefiting from the continued development of the domestic market for cloud computing servers. In the context of rising domestic production demand, the firm is committed to breaking through core key technologies, securing the server ' s upstream supply chain, and building new infrastructure accelerates the company ' s major business development.
We value the company as a branch, with many high-tech corporate shares, and the potential for future landings. The Sino-Septun Chart Landing Unit currently has a market value of $16.2 billion, and Sino-Kyoto shares 17.47 per cent, corresponding to $2.8 billion. According to the Golden Times announcement of 25 December 2019, the latest financing reference estimate for sealight information is about $20 billion, and Sino-Kyoto shares 32.68 per cent, corresponding to a market value of $6.5 billion.
The main business, which is in cloud computing, 5g, and a number of high-profile domestic production industries, is currently in the early stages of a rapid development cycle and is expected to continue to benefit in the future, sustaining the economic downturn as a result of the fermentation of the global epidemic.
3. Changes in national production policy support and uncertainty about progress in the nationalization of party politics and military forces. Lui, the University of Defense Science and Technology, is a strong researcher in computer science. Six years of industrial experience, a team leader in the research and development and solutions sector of the global storage information technology company, joined the Seaton Securities Corporation in 2016.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.