We're looking at the company's core technological strength and the country's weight, covering the first time we've been given a “buy-in” rating.
The company, as China's top-notch leading company, has been active in laying core chips, we're highly impressed with the company's core technology 39 times higher than the industry's comparable corporate average, and peg is slightly lower than the industry's comparative average, taking into account the company's scarcity and leading position in the area of national chip, and covering the first time is given to "buy."
As the impact of the epidemic draws to an end, we are confident that the year’s high performance will grow. With the continued breakthrough of the sea light chip, it is hoped to benefit the industry fully.
Since the first half of 2020, the sea light has consistently won a number of national product attractions in a number of important sectors, including the collection of prior operators, tenders from the Ministry of Public Security, and so on, to demonstrate full technological and market competitiveness.
It is reported that the sealight has achieved an income of 268 million, an increase of 19.11% over the same period, and we are confident that the sea light chip will be delivered throughout the year for the second half of the year. The start-up industry has come to take a firm look at the growth prospects of the sea light.
The company intends to raise $4.78 billion in funds in public, and the SEC has now approved the project for the development of high-end computers, io chips and io modules based on home processor chips, bottom-level control solids, which will help to upgrade the company's core technological capacity for autonomous innovation and enhance the firm's core competitiveness; it will also help to improve the company's core competitiveness.
Breaking through the state-of-the-art core of computer wholes, based on state-owned processors, can systematically provide security for the supply chain of the country’s int-based core equipment, which is fully in line with the IT industry. Net profits are growing rapidly, and levels of profitability are rising markedly.
Performance meets expectations. In the first half of 2020, $3.989 billion was collected, down 13.41 per cent from the same year, and the net profit revenue of the Division fell at a rate that affected downstream production operations, which were hit by the epidemic; and in June 2019, the company was placed on the “entity list” of the United States Department of Commerce's Department of Industry and Security, which led to a negative impact on the operations.
Figure 2: The net return profits of the 2020h1 company have continued to grow at a rapid rate, and there has been an increase in profitability, which is projected to be due to an increase in the Māori rate of the product. Thanks to a significant increase in the Māori rate, the cost rate has remained relatively stable over the period, and the net profit level of the company has risen from 4.8 per cent to 6.6 per cent of the 209h1.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the company had more business and project acceptance work, showing more marked seasonal variations. In the first half of the year, the net cash flow of the company was usually negative, while the cash flow of the firm improved significantly owing to the receipt of advance payments for large contracts.
The net profit growth ring for 2020q2 is warming.q2 q2 q2 q1 = 1.935 billion yuan, or 15.8% increase in business earnings.The sea light chip continues to break and is expected to benefit fully from the booming industry.
2.1. National product cpu, with a superior architecture x86 structure, which is the mainstream of the server processor market and has a better ecology. x86 After nearly 40 years of improvement and change in many generations, x86 architecture servers remain one of the fastest.
Currently, the main servers in the country use x86 structures, which, according to the CAC semiconductor research, account for about 96% of the overall server market in the service processors. Joint venture with md to promote the nationalization of chips.
X86 server chips. Under the agreement, md provides the joint venture with a technical license for x86 chip, which will be used by the joint venture to develop a server chip that will be sold only in China. Based on the md zen structure, Tianjin alone designed “single” x86 central processor (cpu) and is expected to become
Nationally produced tenders are important. 2.2. In October 2019, China made a move to publish a national tender to demonstrate technological and market competitiveness in a number of important industries.)
The bid for the " centralized procurement of pc servers from 2019 to 2020 " , with a total procurement volume of 80,676 units, received 50 per cent of the bid in the Chinese controlled series and 30 per cent of the bid in Chinese telecommunications in early May 2020:
56314 estimated sizes, of which package 8 was " Servers (h series) " , for a total of 11.18 million. h Series is " cpu-type " , 920 series processors or hygondhyana series processors. 3) Platform May 2020, with two, four, and six nationally produced servers (total 28,957, or 21 per cent), which can be controlled by China.
The ratio of production servers was 32 per cent. China moved the 2020 pc server to centralize the winning candidates for the procurement project.
Moderately controlled (stage) Balanced server level 3
In the second half of the year ahead, we have confidence in the volume of sealight chips coming out of the year. The proposed $4.78 billion increase will strengthen the force of faith.
The company intends to raise $4.78 billion in funds in private, and has now been approved by the CVM for the development of high-end computers, io chips and io modules based on home-grown processors, bottom-level controls and solids that will enhance the company's core technological capacity for autonomous innovation and enhance the company's core competitiveness; and will also contribute to breaking the foundation.
The state-of-the-art core of computer wholes in state-made processors, which systematically secure the supply chain of the nuclear equipment of our infrastructure in the country, is fully in line with the IT industry.
1) A decline in production/sales on corporate utility servers, influenced by the list of United States entities, is expected to result in a certain decline in the overall business income of high-performance computing machines. However, in terms of the structure of the business, the advanced calculation of the ratio of income from products 2) The company’s stock lines are improving and the performance of the products is improving, and it is expected to grow more rapidly.
3) The rapid advance of corporate urban cloud operations and the growth of technical authorizations and services, with a projected rapid increase in software development, system integration and technical services. 1) Marketing costs, administrative costs: due to the shift in corporate business focus, corporate sales and managers will also be expected to maintain rapid growth.
In relation to cross-sectoral adjustments, sales costs, management costs are expected to remain stable or increase slightly; (2) R & D costs: companies insist on innovation-led development, and R & D costs are expected to continue to grow at a relatively fast pace. The lower share of corporate-owned generic server operations will contribute to an overall increase in M & A rates.
The company, as China's super-counting lead company, has a very active core chip, we're highly placed to appreciate the company's core technology, and the companype valuation is higher than the industry's comparative average, and peg is slightly lower than the industry's comparative average water.
Ping, taking into account the company’s scarcity and leadership in the area of home-grown chips, covers for the first time a “buy-in” rating. 1) Businesses are at risk of being affected by a new crown epidemic throughout the year.
2) Supply chain risk. If there is increased friction in Central American trade and related areas, it may affect the supply of raw materials to companies by upstream parts and components manufacturers, which in turn may have an uncertain impact on the company’s operating income, the level of the Māori rate. 3) The risk of technological change. If companies fail to enrich their technology stocks or upgrade new technologies in a timely manner, they may lose them.
(c) The leading position of existing technologies and markets.