East Wealth (300059.sz) Computer/Internet media performance is at a turning point, actively promoting the Internet Finance Large Platform strategy Corporation using the Eastern Wealth Network as its core Internet financial services platform, both in number of users and in number of users
The Eastern Wealth Network has become one of the most accessible and sticky Internet financial services platforms in the country, with the Sky Fund Network and the Stock Bar leading in their respective areas of segmentation. According to company announcements, the company achieved 2,546 million yuan in operating income in 2017.
The company relies on 105 branches in the country's main central cities to provide stock-based apparel to users.
As the mobile Internet landscape continues to grow, it has further contributed to the continued growth of mobile Internet users, laying the foundation for the development of the Internet finance industry. According to the information disclosed in the annual 2017 report, securities brokering and finance voucher operations have developed rapidly, with user size and securities brokerage markets.
The stock-brokering share of wealth securities was 1.98 per cent, ranked 17th out of all securities companies, the size of fund sales grew, and the Internet Finance Platform strategy was actively promoted
As of December 31, 2017, there were 3,366 fund managers on the company line.
Page views amounted to 5.682 million, of which 7.4744 million average daily page views, non-transactional companies were the leading national Internet financial services platform integrated operators, using the East Wealth Network as a core, Internet finance portal platforms, financial e-business platforms, financial terminal platforms and mobile end-of-pipe platforms, among others.
A one-stop Internet financial services platform that provides large-scale users with products and services based on Internet platform applications. The corporate-run Internet finance platform, with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core, maintains a long-term competitive advantage over the number of users and the use of sticky households, forming the firm’s core competitiveness.
One of the most widely accessed and sticky Internet financial services platforms in the country, the “Sky Fund Network” and the “ShareCafé” have market leaders in their respective areas of segmentation. The company's main business is securities, financial e-commerce services, financial data services and connectivity.
Securities operations: Eastern wealth securities have full licence plates for securities dealings such as securities brokering, portfolio fund swaps, securities self-employment, finance consultants, portfolio investment advice, securities asset management, finance coupons, securities underwriting and insurance, depending on 105 branches in major central cities throughout the country, providing securities services to large-volume users, which are companies
Financial e-commerce services: The daily fund’s financial e-commerce services are sold mainly for third-party sales. In February 2012, the daily fund first obtained a fund sales license from the China CSRC.
In July of the year, the Sky Fund formally opened its operations, relying on the wealth network of the East and the accumulated wealth of large users and a good brand image, providing clients with a one-stop Internet self-help base through the Sky Fund network and mobile app terminals Financial data services: companies use the Internet financial services platform with the Eastern wealth network at its core
The value of the powerful marketing channels accumulated is carried by financial data terminals, timely, high-volume financial information and real-time data analysis services, etc. The company’s financial data services are fully configured at the pc end, mobile end, including the Quantified Investment Master software, and free Eastern wealth for individual investors.
The Internet advertising service: companies use the huge advertising media value accumulated by the Eastern Wealth Network.
Advertising services are provided on the “Oriental Wealth Network” and on the pages of professional channels, interactive communities, etc., through web-page expressions such as text chains, pictures, rich media, etc. Corporate securities revenue has increased considerably over the same period.
The company strengthened its service points, and for 17 years it became a replenishment of Eastern wealth securities and a transferable bond issue, increasing the size of the equity company’s capital and operating capital, increasing its overall operating power, and contributing to the long-term healthy development of Eastern wealth securities.
The size and market share of the securities brokering business continued to rise, and securities-related revenues increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.According to corporate announcements, the company achieved operating income of $2,546 million in 2017, an increase of 8.29 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother of $6.36, a decrease of 10.77 per cent in the same year; and a net return to the mother of profit is expected in the first quarter of 2018.
Counter-Terrorism Fund sales and revenues from financial e-commerce service operations are expected to increase significantly over the same year.2 Benefiting from the advantage of Internet flows, securities operations have developed rapidly, relying on 105 branches in major central cities throughout the country to provide securities services to large-volume users in the East.
Wealth securities have full licence plates for securities operations such as securities brokering, portfolio fund swaps, securities self-employment, financial advisers, portfolio investment advice, portfolio asset management, finance coupons, securities underwriting and insurance, one-stop Internet financial services platform services.
As the mobile Internet landscape continues to enrich, it has further contributed to the continued growth of mobile Internet users and laid the foundation for the development of the Internet finance industry. According to the 41st State of the Internet Development Statistics Report, published by China's Internet Information Centre, as of the end of December 2017, I
The number of Internet users rose from 95.1 per cent to 97.5 per cent in 2016. The number of Internet users buying Internet finance reached 129 million, an increase of 30.2 per cent.
According to the information disclosed in the 2017 annual report, the rapid development of the securities brokerage and finance voucher operations, and the continuous increase in the size of households and market share of the securities brokerage business, the revenue associated with the securities business has increased significantly over the same period.
In December, the market share of Eastern wealth securities brokering was 1.98 per cent, ranking 17th among all securities companies (including China Securities Financial Co. Ltd.), an increase of 7 places over the same period in the previous year. According to the annual report 2016, the market share of Eastern wealth securities brokerage was 1.22 per cent in 2016, and in all securities companies (including China Securities Financial Co. Ltd.)
The company takes full advantage of the core competitive advantages and overall synergies of the one-stop Internet financial services platform and large-volume users, providing high-quality securities business services to large-volume users of the corporate platform.
Figure 8: Balance of financing coupons (millions of yuan)
Long-term and healthy future development of Eastern wealth securities. The company has completed the replenishment of securities companies, completed work related to the conversion of corporate bonds and the first issue of secondary bond issues of securities companies, and raised total funds (including issuance fees) of $5.85 billion to supplement Eastern wealth securities operating funds.
Growth of the sales operations of the Fund and active promotion of the Internet Finance Platform strategy
As at 31 December 2017, the company had a total of 121 public fund managers with 5366 fund products. The daily daily page views of the Sky Fund network were 56,829 million, of which 74,744,000 were daily and 207,01 million were non-trading day-days;
The average number of users per day is 6,636,000. Of these, 82.2 million per day of transactions and 34.43 million per day of non-trading transactions.
One billion yuan, an increase of 34.74 per cent in the same year, in 2017, the amount of “required treasures” amounted to 12,334,000 requisitions, with sales of $242,446 million. The competitive fund’s fast-growing demand for 2018q1 and its high replacement rate were higher than the General Fund replacement rate.
Companies use different user groups with precision in product functions, actively expanding product lines, and the branding of selected data is growing within the industry. The company’s products are growing rapidly and continuing well, market interest and user size are constantly increasing, and branding capabilities are increasing.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation