Information technology software and services East wealth — the great beneficiaries of the return of the market climate 16-17 years later, bond dealers have successfully sold their funds to companies.
The main drivers of corporate growth in the future will also come from the growth of bond dealers. At the same time, we believe that Eastern wealth securities are the biggest beneficiaries of the boom in the market, not only in terms of the fundamentals of the industry, but also in terms of the pace of business growth.
We look forward to the future growth of Eastern wealth.
In December 2017, the total market value/flow (million yuan) applied to individual users was 4.18 hours a month, the longest of which was the golden sun among traditional coupons.
The 12-month maximum/minimum (millimeter) flow has had a remarkable effect, with the Internet security model having been validated at 1.73% of the month of trading in Eastern securities, the most rapidly growing voucher dealer since 2015.
Thanks to this business, the market share of corporate credit business has also increased rapidly. From the huge fund sales space at the beginning of 2016, the cattle market has benefited from the fact that there is still much room for development in the fund industry, both in terms of our current total fund and in terms of the financial asset structure of the residents, which means that the fund sales are still going to be made.
There's a lot of room for it. And in the context of the structural cattle market, the Fund's "profit effect" shows the pro-certific code: the "profit effect" of the stock market, so we look at the Fund's sales market in 2018.
Looking to the future, new business overlaps are typically s-typed as key business developments, breaking the s-curve, key to new business overlaps, and providing new value to clients. Thus, in addition to the securities business, companies are planning public funds, insurance agents, microloans, letters, etc.
Eastern wealth — the great beneficiaries of the return of the market climate, Eastern wealth — the great beneficiaries of the recovery of the market climate.
The company was founded in 2005 as a web site with financial information as its main component; in 2006, a “equity bar” based on community interaction was online, followed by the “Sky Fund Network” in the same year, with information and advertising on the Fund’s products as its main component.
The company’s user code is expanding and increasing with the company’s careful operation and the snowball effect. Large user access and leading user stickyness are the firm’s most central competition (i) from an inclusive layout, with one-stop Internet finance platform emerging.
On the basis of the advantages of the flow, the company constantly tries to expand the new business block. It enters the base gold sales and securities business. In February 2012, the Sky Fund acquired the Fund ' s sales license and became the first vertical finance website to receive the Fund ' s sales licence.
In 2015, the acquisition of the same-letter securities (now known as the Eastern Wealth Securities), the Pocahontas Century Securities (now renamed the East Wealth International) was completed, and the company further expanded its services from Internet finance to financial information, data services and fund sales to securities-related services; in addition, the company is planning public funds, insurance agents, micro-credits, and mail calls.
Eastern wealth - the great beneficiaries of the boom in the market climate, the sale of the Fund ' s products from February 2012 and July of the same year, the proceeds of the Fund ' s sales in 2013 and the decline of the Fund ' s sales, which began in 2016 as the main source of corporate revenue.
At present, the company’s main business consists of securities, financial e-commerce services, financial data services, and Internet advertising services. This is particularly true in the middle of 2017, when the Eastern wealth achieved a net profit of 259 million yuan in mid 2017, and its Middle East financial securities realized a net gain.
305 million yuan, or 118%. (iii) Corporate equity structure is stable and strategic implementation is strong.
The top ten shareholders in the company held 44.04 per cent of the total, of which the chairman of the company, the founder of the company, actually held 23.91 per cent of the individual shares, while the third and fourth shareholders, Shen Soogen, Lu Lilly and the chairman of the company, in fact, had a father-and-son relationship of 29.69 per cent of the combined shares, while the other shareholders held less than 5 per cent of the shares.
Eastern wealth — the great beneficiaries of the boom in the market climate — II. Flows — the company's foundation: (i) Diversity + cattle catalytic contribution to the company's early flow base
Eastern wealth was founded in 2005, when three major financial websites – new waves, fox searches, web portals – and three financial websites – have been operating for a long time. Eastern wealth has since become the top of vertical financial websites for two main reasons:
Differences: The early financial and information service providers followed the concept of “content is king” or “technology is king,” did not shift to “client-centred” in time, and companies, as later, were more receptive to new business concepts. The introduction of the “equity bar” and the “sky fund network” is the best evidence.
The stock bar is divided into sub-communities according to the names of thousands of a, b, h shares for investors to engage in thematic interactive discussions. At present, the stock bar is one of the largest users in the country.
Networking one of the interactive financial communities: SkyFoundation: officially launched in March 2007, covering Fund information, Fund product information, Fund net value per day, valuation on Fund board, Fund web playing platforms and investor education channels.
Catalysing of information: Between 2000 and 2004, the number of Internet users in China increased from 22.5 million to 94 million, Internet penetration rose from 1.8 per cent to 7.3 per cent, while the overall size of China ' s financial and economic websites did not change much, mainly because of the capital market service
In the Bear City stage, the development of the financial web site has been largely stalled. After China’s equity-sharing reforms in 2005, the capital market entered the cattle market, the financial web site began to develop, the company started late, but at the right time, it seized the opportunity and left.
And, after experiencing Bear City, traditional financial websites are shrinking, which also gives the East a good space for wealth expansion. With the snowball effect, today’s company’s position as a king at the end of the vertical finance site pc is even more unshakeable.
According to Irey's consulting data, Eastern wealth covered an average of 10.17 million people as of July 2017, far from being the second-highest homogeneity bank (with an average coverage of 2.73 million daily).
As an important source of attraction and sedimentation, content is a top priority for all platform-based enterprises. According to 100-degree financial reports, 17q1-q3 Akichi content spending amounted to $9.65 billion, an 82 per cent increase over the same period last year's $5.29 billion, and a 76 to 3.9 billion increase for 1703.
In November 2017, the headline announced the year 2018 as the year of awareness-raising, and the answer plan was to invest $1 billion in signing up at least 5,000 respondents from various fields of specialization. In January 2018, the Penguin was set on the line of strategy, and the creators were given not only a share of the advertising generated by the content, but also a high amount.
The content is not the same as news, and the differences and inherent advantages of ugc (the original content of the user) are significant. 1. In the digital age, it is very difficult for news to form a different advantage of the platform. In terms of news and information, the homogeneity of the platform is quite significant: 2 and ugc have a number of distinctive features: originality, interactiveness.
In January 2006, the stock bar was officially launched as a channel for the Eastern Wealth Network. It was divided into sub-communities according to the names of thousands of shares a, b, h shares, and stock investors engaged in sub-communities.
Specifically, both pc end and mobile end, Eastern wealth clients have a strong viscous advantage. According to hours, it is much higher than other financial websites; and in December 2017, Eastern wealth network app single-desk equipment used 4.18 hours a month, which is significantly higher than other stock-type software.
Figure 10: Monthly use of single-stage equipment in the top 10 stock categories (h, 2017-12) III. Fund sales: industry space is huge, benefiting from cattle markets, and there is still much room for development in our public fund-raising industry, which means that there is also much room for development in the sales of funds.
According to wind data, at the end of the first quarter of 2017 there were 4541 open funds in our country, representing a net total of 10 assets, and at the end of the first quarter, the size of the assets of the Global Open Fund (40 countries, excluding f0f funds) was approximately 42,77 trillion United States dollars (28,82 trillion yuan), of which 37.57 trillion United States dollars (2,48 trillion yuan) were in non-monetary market funds.
There is also $3.4 trillion worth of fof products. In 2016, our share of gdp was close to 15%.
Over 1 per cent; while the combined share of savings and deposits in United States household financial assets is less than 15 per cent, the share of retirement accounts and common funds is higher at 36 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively.
In 2017,a stock market was a structured cattle market, the blue-backed white horse stock rose, and the value investment was recognized. Unlike most individual investors, institutional investment had a rigorous investment system, Qing.
By 2017, the total performance of institutional investors had risen. The average returns from equity funds, mixed funds, bond funds, and qdii funds were 11.53%, 9.67%, 2.08%, and 12.41%, respectively.
The Fund’s profit-making effect will drive the Fund to sell, looking at the Fund’s 2018 sales. This is already evident, for example, in the recent summer, when the All-China Fund ran out of money and sold tens of billions of dollars.
Business models are simple, and price wars lead to the erosion of profit spaces, which, because of the simple model of fund sales, are fast becoming a source of realization for network companies. Homogenization has quickly plunged fund sales into a fierce price battle. After ants entered several metres of equity funds in 2016, they became the city.
Post-arrivals took the lead in initiating price wars, reducing the original industry ' s agreed 40-per-cent requisition rate to one-per-cent. The third-party fund sales platform then introduced a sales strategy with the requisition fee down to one-per-cent discount.
(iv) Thinking: The competition between the Sky Fund and the atj is one of the ecological flows, and the fund sales are one of the scenes. From the business model, Eastern wealth is the same as the atj, and the flow is the most important.
From the point of view of the flow, we believe that Eastern wealth, through years of accumulation, already has a stable and sustainable ecological flow, which has been analysed earlier. Moreover, the early advantage of the Sky Fund Network cannot be ignored. The Sky Fund Network was the first agency to qualify for third-party fund sales (2012) and Ali was acquired several metres in 2015.
Kim took the license plate for the sale of the fund in 2016, and Kyodong won the license plate for the sale of the fund in 2018, while the announcement was made in 2018. In the light of the current competition, the Sky Fund network did not show any disadvantage.
Eastern wealth - the greatest beneficiary of the boom in the market climate - professionalism is the advantage of the Sky Fund, but Internetization is less pronounced than atj, although the company's Internet identity is more pronounced than that of traditional financial institutions, but it's more like atj.
It's a traditional financial institution. So the company's product is more professional than atj, but it's a little less sophisticated in terms of user experience and interface. The daily fund makes more in-depth research and analysis of product style data in terms of product information, product comparison, and the ant's wealth is more concise than the product page.
The combined effect of one-stop financial platforms cannot be ignored. In the Internet age, any Internet enterprise is running away from the question of how to deal with the competition of the big flow. But it's also easy to solve the problem by building comparative advantages.
The financial sector needs to be more deeply structured, with Ali and Ting tweaked around a combination of individual needs, while the East is focused on personal financial services. And the East Asians now have a scarcer portfolio, looking back, and as the East’s property services system continues to improve, their advantages will become more pronounced, and they will be transformed from current traffic defenses to current flows.
In December 2015, the company officially completed the acquisition and consolidation of the Tibetan identical securities and renamed them “Oriental wealth securities”. Through outreach, it expanded its operations from the Internet to finance information, data services and fund generations.
Businesses such as marketing have been extended to securities, companies have further expanded their channels of conversion and liquidity for Internet finance platform users, and the combined value of one-stop financial services platforms has been further enhanced. (i) The flow has been highly effective and the Internet securities model has been validated
As a vertical financial web leader, Eastern wealth has become a source of massive user access and sticky, and the platform ' s user transformation has led to an increase in the size of the business. The share of the stock exchange in Eastern stock exchanges has been constantly innovative, rising from 0.2% in January 2015.
Up to 1.63% in October 2017. The stock market share of the company is now in the 18th place of industry, following up on counter-market growth, and the value of the flow is even more pronounced. In view of the current changes in the market share of the top 20 coupons, 1) the market share of Huatai, Hiroshi, and the gold rose up a step in 13-15, but the market share grew in 15-17.
Stagnating. This reflects the fact that the traditional couponer “Internet+” model is more competitive with the new market, and the competitive advantage of the stock market alone is less evident. 2) Eastern wealth securities and safe securities have increased their market share against the market in 2015-2017. We believe that one of the things that is currently in common with safe securities is behind it.
A powerful ecological flow, with Eastern wealth securities relying on Eastern wealth networks, and secure securities groups. So, evidence of counter-market growth proves the value of the flow. 3) By contrast, Eastern wealth securities with ecological flows will be more competitive with certificates of peace, and we believe that the cattle market has a “magnification effect” on this advantage.
According to the December 2017 data from Erie's consultancy, the traditional voucher dealer app (up to 10 days of daily life) has an active customer every million days, the corresponding rate is 1.5 per cent for brokerage businesses, an average value of 3.3 per cent, and the current rate of active customers at the bottom of the million days is only 0.2 per cent for brokerage firms, assuming that 50 per cent of the company's daily customers are converted into the business customer of the company, at each rate.
The average daily active customer is calculated at 1.5% of the brokerage market, which is expected to have a significant cost advantage, and the price differential helps maintain the company’s competitiveness. We measure that in the first half of 2017, the commission rate for securities brokerage was 0.024%, which is only higher than the rate of 0.023% for the same period, and the average commission for industry.
This large “commission differential” is a great advantage for the company, and the low commission is a strategic high. The existence of the commission differential will facilitate a natural increase in the company's market share; on the other hand, the company is not under pressure to lower the commission, so it is able to focus on the improvement of other business systems.
(ii) Capital support, credit operations are matched by a large increase in the value of their colours. The company’s leverage is highly effective, and the clients of the brokerage business are growing rapidly. On this basis, the two-fold share has increased significantly, with competitive financing rates.
In June of the year (six months after the acquisition was completed), there was a steady rise in the two-way balance of Eastern securities, which reached 72 in December 2017, with a high correlation between the client group of the financing coupon and the client group of the brokering business, making the ratio of municipal to the brokerage business more relevant.
According to December 2017, the share of companies in brokering was 1.73%, compared to 0.96%, and 0.56% of the stock-base market. There is scope for a significant increase in the future.
The main current constraints are: one, two-way transactions have a lag effect. Since investors usually have six months to open up their mortgages, the increase in the share of the two-way business lags behind.
The balance is bound to grow as the share of the field continues to rise. In terms of exchange rates, we consider the needs of our customers to be high; 2, limited number of company points. Investors have access to finance and securities, but companies are also active in this regard. As of August 2017, the company was in place.
There are 79 branches, compared to 42 at the beginning of the year;3 capital is yet to be further expanded. Currently, the effective leverage rate of companies (total capital-agent securities)/mother-owners’ interests) is 2.12, at a low level in the industry.
The company’s stock pledge was 2.06 billion yuan, an increase of 72% from the beginning of the year. With the consolidation of Eastern fortunes in the public domain, capital replenishment and the gain of capital, the rest of the business of the voucherer will also be in a period of accelerated growth.
305 million yuan, an increase of 63.8 per cent and 329.6 per cent over the same period, representing a drop of 8.5 per cent in business earnings over the same period, net profit and leverage recovery, and profit enhancement of the Great East wealth in May 2016 to the Eastern wealth securities, $4 billion, are still in the process of re-leveraging: at the end of June 2017, the effective leverage rate of the Eastern Treasury securities was still in progress.
In the first half of the year, the static roe was 4.8%, higher than the industry average of 3.2%; the static roa was 2.3%, much higher than the industry; credit operations were still in the process of expansion, and the profit contribution did not yet highlight that the company’s current two-fold fee rate was much lower than the industry average. We measured that the company’s two-way interest rate in the first half of the year was only 5.68% (two-way interest income of $142 million).
The same method of measuring the average interest rate of seven comparable companies is not very strong: on the other hand, it reflects firmness and effectiveness in the implementation of the strategy. There is also reason to believe that the balance will continue to grow.
The Māori ratio, which has a significant increase in the spatial east wealth securities, is now dominated by brokering and credit, which together account for 86.7 per cent, while the Māori rate for the first half of the year, 55 per cent, is currently at the medium level. We believe that the main reason for corporate Māori is a 241 per cent increase in equity base turnover on the same basis;2 and an increase in market share.
As the market shares rise, the company’s cost advantage of the Internet will become more pronounced: 3. The increase in net commission rates resulting from the increased penetration of credit operations.
Multi-trail transmission, with the more resilient cattle market passing on traditional coupons, is mainly based on two paths: the absolute scale of brokering (the two-mixed business) and the decrease in administrative costs; but for Toyoshi, in addition to the above two paths, the bull market can catalyze the company's market share to increase the company's operations even further.
In addition, there is a higher and fuller share of business compared to traditional bond dealers and Eastern securities, and license plates are critical, and business development is typically s-typed, and even good products and barriers are high.
During this process, the Internet accelerates the business’s life week, and the cardboard notes delay the business’s life cycle. The only way to continue the S-curve is to create a new business that constantly provides new value to clients.
Two successful post-realization experiences, and the development of horizontal expansion of companies – expansion of services – product categories – are right. But, in view of the tightening of regulations, licensing will be the key to corporate development.
Eastern wealth - the great beneficiaries of the recovery in the market climate Figure 38: Progress of other company operations obtained on 20 July 2017 the " Business Office " , issued by the Shanghai Chamber of Commerce and Industry Administration.
Public Fund Management, November 24, 2017. Hong Kong Futures, Hong Kong Stock and Futures Supervisor, Hong Kong Futures.
On 13 April 2016, the Board of Directors adopted the Bill on the Use of Self-Owned Funds for Investment in Insurance Agency Companies, with a proposed use of $50 million.
On 19 March 2016, the company announced its intention to use its own funds in the amount of 32.5 million yuan to co-invest in a letter firm in Shanghai, with 67 per cent of the company's shareholdings.The Fund's management operations — cash management, fixed earnings, fof, quantified hedge products, etc. — still have greater opportunities.
We believe that in the more homogenous areas of cash management and fixed earnings, companies can take up a seat through channels, and the balance of money is an excellent case. Under the influence of the balance treasure, the size of the Tianhong Fund rose from $10 billion in early 2013 to 1.7 trillion by the end of the third quarter of 2017.
The current money is an active account of the Monetary Fund, built by the Sky Fund network. Through the current money, the user is able to fill any of the preferred money funds. The sales of the current treasures from 2015 to the first half of 2017 ranged from $42,1.6 billion to $180 billion, or $98 billion. If the company conducts the operations of the Fund, it is assumed that half of them will be converted into a corporate base.
In the case of gold management, the company’s monetary fund is expected to reach $400 billion. The corresponding potential profits are around $500 million.
Lists. In the global open fund asset size, the ratio of Fof to open fund assets is 8 per cent, and according to this, the potential management size of Fof is 800 billion yuan (the current size of our open fund is 10 trillion dollars); on the other hand, the F0f product is the object of the fund ' s investment, whether through channels (relationship with other fund companies), the fund evaluation system,
The foundation database is clearly ahead of the current fund manager. As the first portal to China’s fund management network, the company’s network is the first third-party fund sales agency to win a medal, with 37,83 currently listed as a third-party fund, assuming that the company’s market share is expected to reach 10%.
Four of the six publicly fundedfof products were managed at 0.8 per cent and two at 1 per cent; at a rate of 0.8 per cent, the annual Fof potential (i) customer value revaluation was based on the firm's core competitiveness in highly sticky active users, and the fund sales and securities business was just the company.
In this way, we try to measure the value of the company from the point of view of its customer value, and we have selected six analogues, all of which are based on the operations of c-clients for revenue: Tung Consort, China Peace, etrade, credit management, Hua Thai Securities, Lok Xin.
By measuring the corresponding value (market value - net assets)/client size of the client, we found that the Eastern Wealth Certificate \triangleright coupons ranked 6 out of 7 companies only above the Tseng Holdings: two American financial companies, single accounts of far-reaching value
Customer value is determined by the business structure, which, in contrast, is higher for financial operations. By contrast, Eastern wealth is the closest business structure to Chinese securities, but long-term Eastern wealth business models should be aligned with good faith, money management, and etrade.
As a result of the above analysis, we believe that: 1) there is much room for improvement in the business model of domestic financial institutions, and there is much room for excavation in the individual value: 2) even in the case of the Tweets, there is still a much larger method of valuation of the current single customer value of the Eastern fortunes.
The company's current business can be divided into voucher and non-voucher (including fund sales, data and advertising services) voucher operations: voucher operations are the main contributors to the company's current performance and the main drivers of growth in the company's performance, non-voucher operations: in the context of the Fund's good performance, we believe that the Fund's sales operations are expected to accelerate.
Point. Assuming a 30 per cent increase in the Fund ' s sales operations income from 18 to 19 years on a year-on-year basis, leading to an increase of about 23 per cent in the total non-condortium business income, but because of the more fixed cost, the profit elasticity resulting from the faster reversal of performance is more significant and the impact of sales performance is greater, the average three-year net profit of $160 million is used as the basis for the valuation, which is 30 times the value.
Management, insurance agents, micro-credit, and international operations. Eastern wealth – the great beneficiaries of the re-emergence of the market climate
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report