The improvement of the performance ring is consistent with expectations.
Fu Chu Hung reported in the middle of 2020 that it achieved 24,271 million yuan in revenue in the first half of the year, a 1.45 per cent increase in the same year, and a net return profit of 4,624 million yuan, a 9.66 per cent increase in the same year.
(i) Improved performance ring, showing leadership resilience, improved corporate performance ring, and a return to positive growth in the second quarter, which meets our expectations.
Maintaining a high level indicates that companies have responded positively after the US sanctions. Corporate performance has remained robust, with domestic operations reaching $16,729 million in 2020h1, a slight decline of 1.48% compared to the previous year, with ebg rising by 20.15%, mainly due to industry.
Performance has increased positively; smbg is the most affected by the new crown epidemic, which dropped by 26.90% in the same year, largely because of the limited capacity of SMEs to withstand risks. We expect that the ebg, pbg, performance growth will continue to increase in the second half of the year; and smbg performance will continue to be affected by the new crown epidemic, but below.
With the impact of an overseas epidemic, there is still uncertainty about the performance of the second half of the year. We believe that corporate revenues are expected to grow by about 5 per cent and net profits by about 10 per cent throughout the year. (ii) Smart transformation is accelerating, and business is expected to grow by a little bit.
With the impact of the new crown epidemic, the transformation of the manufacturing industry, which is the first to achieve a smart transformation, is expected to accelerate. Companies are actively managing the changes in the industry and scaling up their research and development efforts.
With 2,511 million dollars, or 40.40 per cent more than in the same year, robotics, smart households, fluorescents, etc., we believe that companies will continue to lead the way in the field of smart security and security, and will remain at the forefront of global security, with medium- and long-term corporate performance expected to return to faster growth.
In the middle and long term, they will benefit from the depths of the "Heaconview: Strong Growth in Performance, Deep Farming Aiot's Intellectual Dividends, and Better Investment Values, which maintain a `Recommended' rating.
External friction has been upgraded, and demand has not warmed back to the expected risks.