The marginal improvements are significant and the growth of innovative business can be sustained - the 20-and-a-half-year performance rating of the High Conway (002415.sz) Company rating: increase (maintenance)
1. Net profit on maternity in the first half of 2020 increased by 9.7 per cent over the same period, and profit on the second quarter improved significantly in the first half of the year alone. Business income in the first half of the year 2020 was $24.27 billion, or 1.5 per cent over the same period; net profit on maternity was $4.62 billion, or 9.7 per cent over the same period;
2. Research assistant: Wei Dae-chul 2. Front-end business and ebg led to a reverse growth in corporate cash flows.
Improved. The company ' s performance of 20q2 improved significantly over the quarter, resulting in an increase in net operating cash flow of 116.23 per cent over the same period, owing to an increase in sales returns. In three major operations, the first half of the year saw a gain of +20 per cent for ebg camp, pbg/smbg battalion
Companies are eligible for portfolio investment consultancy operations, with a drop of -5 per cent/- 27 per cent, no change in the number of business flagship clients during the epidemic, and negative growth in ebg operations; at the same time, public sector
Business orders have been delayed, incomes have declined slightly, and SMEs have been affected by the epidemic,1 and the HEACVI study - around machines. The front-end product income has increased by 6.37% over the same period, with thermal imaging operations.
The annual report of Heiconway has seen a steady increase in performance. 3. The cost of R & D has continued to increase, and smart home operations have been launched.
Upgraded products and solutions that have been effective in innovative business (Hicon motor technology, Heicon microscopic, Heicon storage) with an increase of 183.07% in the same year in the first half of the year.
Preparations, rapid development of robotics, auto electrons, intellectual storage, seacoat microfilm, etc.
Innovative business has developed in tandem, opening up new space for company growth. Front-end products affected by the epidemic in the first half of 2020, showing a decline in performance, but sustained investment in new capital investments is expected.
• Backend products. Backend products are sold in combination with front end products, with downstream customers demanding more analysis of video data.
The Division develops storage integration devices, gpu video graphics computing devices, etc., which are expected to be added and updated in sync with the front-endai devices. We expect the 2020e-2022e III central control equipment to include structured servers, software, etc. (blades, eagles) with the penetration rate of the device.
Increased demand. The business is expected to grow by 20 per cent over the three-year period by 2020e-2022e, with a relatively slow rate of revenue from engineering works, mainly from previous projects over 19 years, with later growth coming from Ping
There has been an increase in the number of systems integration projects, such as An-City. The expected increase in operating income for the business in 2020e-2022e over three years is mainly due to robotics other than smart households, auto technology, microfiche of the sea mouth, seaconway visual storage, machine-man-smart manufacturing, etc., which is currently relatively small, but is a market hotspot and is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Smart households and other secure products are combined into other businesses, including brand-related products, building-to-house, burglar-proofing, and access control.
The profit scale in Schedule 1 (millions of yuan) is a public compliance channel, and the analytical logic of the report is based on my professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.