Innovative business is bright, performance is robust, investment in R & D continues to build up technology, prudential and flexible operations to achieve robust growth, market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
In the first half of 2020, companies faced some challenges in operating as a result of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the friction of trade between China and the United States. Faced with the uncertainty of the operating environment at home and abroad, companies responded with caution and flexibility, strengthened cost controls, promoted operational efficiency, and ensured robust performance growth.
Revenues of $16,729 million, or 1.48 per cent less than the previous year; external revenues of $7,542 million, or the same amount of growth, have strengthened bottom-level technological accumulation, upgraded products and solutions, and built international leadership in integrated competitiveness. The digital transformation of enterprises has boosted income growth in ebg, and downstream demand is expected to recover on a sustained basis.
Faced with the need for downstream client fragmentation, the company continues to open up its business, insisting on customer demand-led, driven by technological innovation, deep-farming industries, and promoting sound corporate growth. In the first half of 2020, pbg realized an income of $5.914 billion, a 20.15 per cent increase, and the trend towards digital transformation of businesses was not positive.
“Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation-Hyconway (002415.sz): The impact of the epidemic and the need to expand from the security sector to sectors such as production technology; the income of the smbg was $300 billion, a decline of 26.90 per cent compared to the same period, with small and medium-sized enterprises being the most directly affected by the epidemic and the downside of the economy, small enterprises
In our view, downstream demand is expected to recover as the domestic epidemic is effectively controlled; companies are gradually refining effective alternatives to rationally manage stocks, and supply chain risks are manageable.
In the first half of 2020, the corporate smart-house business generated $1,179 million in revenue, and the army of Geng.
High-speed development; other innovative operations generated revenues of $789 million, an increase of 183.07 per cent over the same period, mainly thanks to rapid developments in security, storage, etc. In the first half of 2020, companies launched the market-based preparatory work for the breaking-up of smart household operations and joined innovative businesses such as Haikang Fire, Haikang Wise Shadow, etc.
We believe that the development ladder for corporate innovation has evolved and is expected to work in tandem with traditional business, opening up new space for corporate growth. As a global security champion, companies have a full range of advantages in terms of technology, products, and solutions.
Market uncertainties remain in 2020, but we believe that there has been no significant change in the overall demand space, that the new crown pneumonia epidemic has led to less than expected macroeconomic developments, that policies such as snowwork have fallen short of expectations, that overseas markets have not expanded as expected, that innovative business has not developed as expected, and that industry competition has intensified.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.