The second quarter performance ring has significantly improved the contribution of the ebg Enterprise: the company released its mid-term performance report for 2020 and achieved business income of $24,270 million in the first half of the year, a year-on-year increase.
1.4 per cent growth, Māori rate of 49.8 per cent increase of 3.5 percentage points in the same year, net profit on parent companies of RMB 4.62 billion increase, 9.7 per cent increase in the same year, net profit per share of RMB 0.493 increase, 11.0 per cent increase in the same year. Companies achieved operating income of RMB 1.84 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 6.2 per cent in the same year, Māori rate of 51.3 per cent increase, 3.9 percentage points increase in the same year.
In the first half of 2020, the company ' s overall income and net profits continued to grow, largely as a result of the resumption of domestic work in the second quarter, and the performance round improved considerably. In the first quarter of the second quarter, the income and net profits increased by 6.2 per cent over the same period, while the net profits increased over the same period.
16.7% reversed the downward trend in the first quarter of the year. By industry group, egb ' s income increased in the first half of the year on a year-on-year basis. Small businesses had a greater impact, less intelligent purchasing, and larger firms had a stronger capacity to combat the epidemic, making an effective contribution to the company ' s performance in the first half of the year. By product group, income from the front end of the product grew by 6.4% over the same year.
In the first half of the year, there was an increase in demand for infrared greenhouses products, including smart households, robotics, and so on. There was a significant increase in the Māori rate, with continued additions to the R&D input; and in the first half of 2020 there was a marked increase in the Māori rate of the company, which was similar to that of Choi Kyung-hyun.
This rise was 3.9 percentage points, the highest in the last 30 quarters, mainly as a result of a significant increase in the ratio of revenue to the largest share of the pre-end product Māori. Corporate costs were higher in the first half of 2020, mainly because of higher R & D inputs.
By 2.2 and 2.1 percentage points, respectively. The firm's pursuit of innovation in R & D has remained unchanged, particularly with regard to the urgent need for autonomous R & D capacity following the United States “list of entities” sanctions, while technological innovation has led to efficient and profitable competitiveness of high-products, and has actively pursued the harmonization of innovation with traditional business practices.
Development opens up new space for corporate growth. Heconway: sanctions in 2019 and soundness in the second half of 2020 still faces uncertainty and sufficient incentives for innovation: taking into account the uncertainty that the epidemic has brought about.
The company did not provide a performance forecast for January-September 2020. In light of the company ' s current business strategy, we judge that the public sector can still maintain good expectations: 1) Pbg purchases are expected to recover gradually from q2 after domestic outbreak control.
Heaconway: full penetration of video applications, security taps, will continue to increase government spending in the second half of the year in many areas, such as smartness; smbg, although its effects have not been eliminated, is expected to rise back to the bottom as the effects of the epidemic in the country are absorbed; the epidemic has improved or become normal in the second half of the year.
Heaconway: Quarterly performance rings are improving and domestic and foreign markets are expected to recover; 2) Corporate innovation is gaining momentum, including auto electronics, robots, seacomb microfilm, etc. Sustained and rapid development, seacomb fire, seacomb shadow is gradually joining the development ladder, and the company is expected to grow.
Heaconway: The year 2018 was a year of steady growth, short-term challenges, investment in research and development and business support for innovative business, and expansion of the growth map. On balance, the traditional field of security is moving forward in the long run, with high growth in innovative business, and we are cautiously optimistic about the company’s situation in the second half of the year.
Demand recovery has fallen short of expectations; innovative business and product competition have affected profitability; and the epidemic continues to increase uncertainty.