Chemicals in Manchuria (600309) have a year-on-year decline in mdi prices, keeping an eye on the future of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of RMB 15.95 billion in the first quarter of 2019, a decrease of 8.3 per cent in the same year; real return to the mother net profit of RMB 2.79 billion, a decrease of 45.9 per cent in the same year; significant reduction in performance was mainly due to a sharp decline in the price of mdi.
The quarterly average price of the summdi in Shandong was $14,000 per ton, a significant decrease of 42.0 per cent. The summdi Māori fell by 75.4 per cent over the same period last year, and the net mdi average price was $21717 per ton, so that the large decline in the price and price differentials for mdi products was the main reason for the significant decline in the company ' s performance in the past quarter.
At the same time, the price of company petrochemical series products has fallen to a different degree than the price of the same price: the price of acrylic has fallen by 7.3 per cent, the price of epoxypropane has fallen by 16.4 per cent, the price of mtbe has fallen by 5.8 per cent, the price of nbutol has fallen by 2.2 per cent compared to that of the West River, and only the price of acrylic acid and butyl acrylic acid has risen by the same time.
The cost is $420 million, a sharp increase of 52.9% over the same period, and continued to increase investment in R & D. The price of mdi has been rebounding, and the price of the market has continued to rise in May. The company announced that the market for domestic polymer mdi in May will have been listed at $19,000 per ton (the ring has been revised upwards by $1,200 per ton) and the market for direct sales at $19,500.
The price of polymer mdi has been rebounding since this year and has risen significantly from $11,500/tonne at the beginning of the year.
On the overseas side, the 350,000-mdi installation in Sanhu, South Korea, is expected to begin a month-long overhaul on 8 May, and the 400,000-ton installation is scheduled for May. Companies, Bassov, etc. have recently implemented a limited supply.
In addition, according to customs statistics, in March, the country exported 76,000 tons of polymer mdi, an increase of 60.0 per cent, compared to 44.0 per cent since the beginning of the year.
The mdi export situation continues to improve, and we see that the mdi price continues to rebound. The whole market is finished, starting future growth. The company's merger of the smoke station, Manhua Chemical Co. Ltd. & Linkage has been fully completed, with 100% of the bc shares, 25.5% and 25.5%.
8% of the chlor-alkali thermal power will be injected into the listed companies, leading to the overall listing of the chemical-related assets under the banner of Huahua, and resolving the competition that has existed in the industry since the acquisition of bc chemistry in 2011. Hungarian bc tons, covering Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, are the eighth largest polyurethane producers in the world.
With the incorporation of bc, wanhua chemistry will become the world’s largest supplier of mdi (2.1 million tons of capacity) and will be distributed (and built) production-based in three major markets in Asia, Europe and the Americas, thus also leading to the globalization of the company’s production and operations.
The commissioning of many new materials projects, such as the next 1 million tons of Davinyl, mma/pmma, will open up the growth space for companies to continuously upgrade their performance, and the construction of a forward US mdi project will further enhance the internationalization of HDZ.
Slip, future development opens a new chapter (2019-04-23) 2 million chemistry (600309): in April, the price of mdi went up dramatically, and the second quarter price increase was set up.
3. Quadrochemicals (600309): mdi prices are very high. Quadrochemicals (600309): Polymermdi prices are very high.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.