[United Chemicals] Mandu Chemical (600309) - Oil prices are returning, heat polyurethane is rising, performance rings are expected to be large, prices for polyurethane products are falling in the second half of the year, corporate performance remains stable and cyclical properties are weakening.
Practice No.: S03051807002 Prices of company polyurethane products affected by falling oil prices and weak demand, RMB/tonne, respectively, in the second half of the year, especially in the fourth quarter, 18.4 per cent; prices of company petrochemical products increased and fell mainly during the same period, with an average price of 8514 yuan/propylene/
During the reporting period, the PUR series was sold 1.887 million tons, i.e. + 4.71 per cent of the year, while the petrochemical product was sold 15.14 million tons, i.e., gradually increasing, and the cyclical properties were expected to weaken.
Since the beginning of the year, international oil prices have risen steadily with the implementation of the OEC+ production reduction, with the latest prices for the oil fabric having passed 70 US dollars in gold/barrells, driven by the rise in oil prices and the warming of demand, with a net mdi listing price of 26,200 yuan/tonne in April, compared to 17250 yuan/tonne at the beginning of the year; in addition, the latest price of tdi has increased by 1,700 US$/tonne compared to the beginning of the year, and the difference has increased by 1,300 US$/tonne.
With the consolidation of the group’s assets, the advantages of strong integration are more pronounced, with the first-time coverage of the “buy-in” rating of polyurethane operations, the sum of 2.1 million tons of mdi’s production capacity in Mandarin chemistry through the incorporation of the group’s assets.
With the successful commissioning of the tonstdi device and a stronger industry leader, the recovery in demand as oil prices warmed, the polyurethane line and the c4-vinylene derivatives further laid out the c2 industrial chain, the million-ton ethylene industrial chain project is under preparation and is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, when it is expected to become a conglomerator of hydrocarbons and derivatives; for new materials, 130,000 tons.
The pc-II project is expected to be in production by the end of the year, with 80,000 pmma successfully driving at the beginning of the year. The advantages of corporate integration are more pronounced, with 2b integrated chemical platforms already in shape, increased resistance to single-product price fluctuations, and cyclical properties, which cover the first “buy-in” rating.
Crude oil price fluctuations, exchange rate fluctuations, US-China trade negotiations are not as predictable as they are, and demand is not as good as expected.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.