Innovative drugs are growing steadily, and priority products continue to drive the clinical process.
The impact of the renewal of purchase orders and the concentration of some local medicines in the re-star medicine (stock code: 600196), but during the same period, there was a steady increase in the intake of innovative drugs, with revenues exceeding $6.7 billion, or 18.09%. The net profit was 2,523 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 26 per cent; net profit excluding non-returning mothers is down by 14 per cent from the same year, mainly due to a decline in operating income and an increase in losses following the transformation of Starling Kerry into a fully-owned subsidiary. Operating cash flows of 3,382 million dollars is an increase in the same amount, mainly due to the combined effect of profit contributions from foreign licences and an increase of 227 million dollars in R&D costs.
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn R & D investment 3,998 million yuan, an increase of 2.12 per cent over the same year, of which 2,730 million yuan was spent, an increase of Song Liqiang
Global clinical research on nuclear drugs, cell therapy, and hlx22, hlx43 have been developed. Pipelines have been set up in several areas, and 1) real tumors: an innovative drug matrix has been developed in the areas of lung cancer, breast cancer, etc., representing Sruli monolithic resistance, todamelism, and Sluli monobill resistance has been approved in the EU, the United Kingdom, India, etc.
The combination of breast cancer treatment products has been enriched by the domestic approval of Visili capsules; the Ménin International Multi-Centre Clinical Trial has introduced hlx701 (sirp alpha-fc blended proteins), fxb0871 (pd-1 target-il-2 blended proteins) to enrich innovative pharmacological lines.
(iii) immuno-inflammation: xh-s004 (dpp-1 inhibitor) achieves authorization for external licensing, except in China and Hong Kong and Australia.
(v) Nerves: there is a licence to introduce small molecule oral ar1001, which slows down the ad process, collaborates with medical instruments and medical diagnostic operations, and explores integrated solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of degenerative diseases. A draft equity incentive (draft) was introduced in August 2025, highlighting medium- and long-term confidence-building.
Investment proposals: company listings are rich, sales and sales of high Maori biopharmaceuticals such as anti-cancer are gradually increasing, companies are continuously developing and introducing big and small molecules, and innovation and internationalization are contributing to the company (600196.sh): innovation plates are showing improvement and transformation is continuing
(600196.sh): O3 performance is positive and the demand for innovative medicines is rising; demand is not recovering as much as expected; product sales are not as high as expected; research and development is not as fast as expected.
(600196.sh): The profit ends have improved significantly, and innovation has been driven by my commitment to a diligent approach to practice and to produce this report independently and objectively, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Song Liqiang, Master of Public Health at the University of Kyotan, admitted to the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.