Ecurities Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services
The product structure optimizes the Māori rate and the high view continues.  The company issued a 22-year semi-annual forecast for the night of July 11th, which, according to the medium forecast, returns to the mother's net profit for the first half of the year.
The net profit of the mother is 273 million yuan, y/y31.25 per cent, q/q25.8 per cent; the non-net profit is withheld is 244 million yuan, the continued investment is significant, the output of high-speed products such as 200g, 400g etc. of the company is increasing significantly, the income structure is rising, and the company ' s long-term R & D inputs are added to improve the manufacturing process, improve the rate of improvement, reduce the cost, etc.
1. A high number of operations, forward-looking laser radar-line, and an increase in the combined Māori ratio of products. At the same time, corporate sales revenue is predominantly in United States dollars, with overseas revenues accounting for about 80 per cent over 21 years, and the appreciation of the United States dollar is having a positive impact on corporate income and Māori rates.
Macro-related factors, such as the epidemic, the lack of a core, do not affect high growth, the ability to deliver, and the growing advantages of innovation in research and development.
Client demand, which is fully responsive to the needs of households through product R & D, production inputs, supply management, and quality assurance, while maintaining market leadership and demonstrating strong resilience. At the same time, companies guarantee investment in R & D costs, forward-looking applications in high-end light modules, new areas of optical core technology, advanced containment technology, etc.
Markets are worried about the impact of China-United States trade relations, America’s macroeconomics, etc. on corporate operations, but we believe that cloud computing, data centres, etc.
The climate will continue, with the industry as a whole maintaining a long-term cagr of around 20%, and the company ' s product and technology advantages, and the production and distribution of its capacity to meet the high demand of its customers, are expected to grow faster than the industry average. According to Omdia, the company ' s 21-year market share is the second highest in the world, around 10%, and the industry has a strong leader.
Solid, moving forward with hand orders. Companies are expected to grow by 20% + in the future, and new products are expected to increase the friction between China and the United States of America; competition increases higher than expected in terms of falling prices; and new products are not being developed as expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment