The demand for high-end industry high-profile high-end products continues to flourish, and the firm ' s position as a leader in the industry will be well-received.
\triangleright profit: The a priori indicator collection data for downstream clouds to calculate high client capital expenditure and industry landscape have been growing double-by-year for several months, with the June ring increasing by 8.5%, up by 53.7%, up.
Half-yearly year-on-year revenue growth of 54.6% is strong evidence of the high profile of the industry. And, according to the continued high growth in central traffic, prompting accelerated deployment of high-end modules such as 400g and 200g on the client side, the increase in current transmission rates is the main reason for the industry’s high profile.
The company was ranked first in 2021 alongside ii-vi, according to the ranking of the global light model manufacturer released by Lightcounting, which we believe will fully benefit from the company, as compared to its second ranking in 2020.
Continued release of demand from the front and the downstream. Product architecture optimization & focus on efficiency gains, corporate Māori ratio rising: first half of the year, due to \triangleright
Downstream clients have accelerated the deployment of high-end Māori modules such as 400g and 200g, and the optimization of product structures has strongly contributed to the increase in Māori composite rates. At the same time, companies have focused on mitigating efficiency gains in recent years, and their effects have continued to be evident.
Rate fluctuations have also had a positive impact on the company’s Māori rate. Emerging areas such as related silicon light and laser radar have accelerated and continued to expand the space for future growth: recent \triangleright
1. Intermediary Quantities (300308.sz) Review: Acceleration in new areas such as & Silicon Light & Laser Radar, Growth
2. Intermediary Quest (300308.sz) 2021 Annual Report: Annual Product Innovation Award. Overall, the company is currently working on silicon chip/modules, trunking light modules, etc.
There is a persistently high demand in overseas digital markets, with 22q1 performing well in the industry, and in recent years it has accelerated its expansion to areas such as upstream photochips/electric chips, including through industry funds, direct investment by companies. It is noteworthy that companies have also begun to accelerate in the area of laser radar since this year.
Momentum (300308.sz) company review reports that: Propulsion, laser radars and light module technology have some similarities in structure and rationale, and we believe that corporate buy-backs highlight the bottom value and are intended as an incentive to keep an eye on the head of the company.
The technological accumulation and layout of the light module area over the years, excellent cost-control capabilities and large-scale mass delivery capacity 4. Mid-Standard (300308.sz) company performance reviews will be important competitive advantages for companies, with laser radar as the most central part of the intelligent vehicle load, no.
A report: 800g silicon light products are available and continue to consolidate 800g to hopefully create a second growth curve for the company. \triangleright
5. Intermediate Stewardship (300308.sz) reports that the climate is warming up and the overall performance is higher than expected
New and emerging areas such as light modules, silicon modules, laser radars, etc. accelerate and grow in space in the future. Maintain the "triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.