Allowlyownedsubsidiaryofinamerchantsbank innolight (303008ch) buy (maintain)
I don't know, overseasdatacenterdemandtomainresilient targetprice (previoustp)
Up/downside innolightannouncessions2q22resources2q22revenue/nptoshareholdsgrew currentprice
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it, and I'm going to take a look at it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
innolight's2qsalesgrew2.6% qoq, inlinewithextactions.by geography, overseassconstrubutionunder 75.1% in fy21to85.6% in 1h22.thisimainlyduestrangemanfromoverseas
lanalin cloudcompaniesandrelativelysolftdemandromrodomesticps. amazon/google/meta'stotalcapexgrew34.9%/23.6% yoyin1q/2q22.the
Wesee2qgpmgrewto 27.3%vs.26.3% in 1q.asthemarketcontinuesto stockdata
I don't know what to say, but I don't know if it's a good idea, but it's a good idea.
Look forward, weremainactive overseasclients'capextrowth.
I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it, but I don't know what to do with it.
Aazonandmetaguidedlower-than-averagesalesgrovethfor3q (-2% and -6%) andreducedhiringplans, subgestingweakconsumer sending.contry shareperformance
I don't know, totheconsensus, we're more than the market, considering the resourceshousehouseholddtokeygroveddrivers, whichwillhellhelps performentenmacrorecovers.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
12-mthpriceperformance businessbutloweredforecasforeastsfordmesticsales.newtpofrmb42.0is basedon26x23ep/e.potentialrisksinclude1
I'm sorry, cloudcompanies, 2) solowerplacementof5ginfrastructureand3)faster-than-expectedtechadvancement. earlyningssummary
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Datacenterdemanteromein resilientin2h22gin2022-12jul 2022 (link)
2. Corporatedaytakeaways-23jun 2022(link) source: companydata, cmigmestimates
2q22EARINGSreview time: companydata, and bigmestimats source: companyfilings, and bigmestimats
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
Of, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestssareindarenotgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultoftheirdependenceontheperformancyofundercoveringassets orothervariablemarketfactors. and bigmmmendhathativostsssouldinndentlyvaluateblinvestmentsandtrateratements, anddencururesinvestors to consultaprofessionalfinanciacultorinatories.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcirientscmbigmorits affiliate(s) thomitistbuted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecorityornyinterestensenciesorenterintoanytransactions.nether and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholders, agents, directors, officesorsorremspromyyèsaliableforanyls
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of other things, but there's a lot of other things that we can do about it, and there's a lot of things that we can do about it.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it with the company.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
i) above, and maynotberovidetootherpersonswithoutthepriorwrittenconsentof & Bigm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Insingaporetoapersonwhoisnostanacrediteinvestor, expertinentoraninstitutionalinvestor, asdefininedinthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)of singpore, and bisgaceptslegalrespansiabilityforthecontentsovensootherporttosuchpersonsonsonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.singaporeccipitssooultact &bisgat+65635054400formaticsattersaresingfrom, orincontractactionwithport.