Mid-to-Six (300308.sz) Second quarter increase in profitability, benefiting from continued investment in accelerated deployment of high-end products and firm corporate leadership status; 2, Māori improvement, benefiting from business structure
s0980518000002 Optimization and downscaling of efficiency gains, business structure optimization from client departments that accelerate high-end products such as 400 g and 200g, and continued increase in the share of high-end products from high-end products, and efficiency gains from optimized product design and production by companies
The impact of the exchange rate fluctuations in the United States dollar on income, Māori rates and financial services costs has been positive;4 the impact of equity incentive costs on net profits from consolidation has been reduced by about $12 million (US$ 38 million this year). In addition, Sioux is the company’s main source of revenue and profit.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate have continued to improve, despite the impact of equity incentive costs. The demand for downstream customers has continued to flourish, and the output has increased seasonally.
Corporate market shares are strong. According to dell'oro, global data centre capital spending is projected to increase by 17% in 2022, leading to increased demand for light modules. 100g demand is stable, 200g and 400g demand.
Rapidly growing, 800g is starting to move into volume production. Companies have maintained a lead on 200g and 400g shares, with a clear competitive advantage, giving priority to the industry’s climate dividend. “Middle Creaming” (300308.sz) – a good start in the quarter, benefiting from 400g light models
Increased R & D input and commercialization of new products and technologies by companies has laid the foundation for long-term growth. 800g light modules have completed sampling, testing and certification of clients and are expected to start with q4 this year.
Production; 400 g silicon chip Fabble rate continues to rise, preparing for stable production; 800g silicon. Mid-Sud - 3008-20 semi-annual review: high industry climate, year-round growth, successful photochip development. At the same time, the company has formed a professional team to develop non-light on laser radars, consumer electronics, etc.
In-depth exploration and research in the area of communications and active exploration of new performance growth points.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and buy-in ratings. Based on the continuing high demand in the digital market and the continued improvement in corporate profitability, we maintain profitability. Figure 2: Middle and Middle Xin’s net profit return from 2017 to 2021 and the same rate of increase (billion yuan, %)
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author