Four hundred and thirty-one million yuan, an increase of 28.3 per cent in the same year, net return to the mother of four hundred and ninety-two million yuan, an increase of 44.5 per cent in the same year, net return to the mother of four hundred and forty-three million yuan, an increase of 43.9 per cent in the same year, in the first quarter of q2, a gain of 32.4 per cent in the same year and 26.5 per cent in the ring.
The overseas cloud giants have continued to increase their capex investment and maintain high year-round guidance, and the digital field continues to be high \triangleright: in the first half of the year, the landscape has remained high, despite macroeconomic pressures, strong dollar performances and other factors against the sea
While the traditional business of the cloud giants has had some impact, the cloud business remains a core growth engine, with Amazon aws/MSAsure/GogoCun growing by more than 30% over the past quarter. To support rapid growth in the cloud business, the Yuan cosmos, etc., the cloud giants have continued to scale up their infrastructure inputs, capex holds.
Continuing up, the Amazon/meta/MS/Gog 22q2 capex totals $3.70 billion, compared to the previous year.
Continuously increasing infrastructure inputs to drive up demand for high-end light modules, such as 200g/400g. Research assistant, Magawei, is the global high-end light module leader, with current output and market share of high-end products, such as 200g/400g
S-100121,00028 Keeping the industry ahead, fully benefiting from the increase in demand downstream and from the optimal product structure.
According to the company announcement, the plant in Thailand currently has a certain size, and several large overseas customers are testing the plant, and the company will begin to produce 200g/400g in Thailand to further meet the needs of large overseas customers after the semi-annual operation of 1. Middle Cricket (300308.sz) in 2022.
Performance forecast assessment: industry high-profile high-end product continued to be released, laser radar operations accelerated and space for future development expanded: laser radar and light module technology co-sourced, \triangleright
Midmiddle Cream (300308.sz) company reviews that there is some resemblance in structure and rationale to the relationship, and we believe that the company has accelerated its progress in new fields such as light modules, technological deposits and fabrics, silicon light and laser radar, and growing space.
The Bureau, excellent cost-control capabilities, strong supply chain management, and large-scale mass production delivery capabilities will all constitute a significant 2022/07/09 firm’s core competitive advantage. At present, the company has set up a laser radar/odm team, which is now on the right track.
3. Mid-Sz (300308.sz) 2021 Annual Report Review: Many mainstream laser radar producers committed to helping clients further reduce the demand for bom overseas digital markets, relying on their competitive advantages, with 22q1 performing well.
Cost, product performance enhancement and delivery capability. Laser radar, as a core part of the intelligent vehicle fleet, is expected to be wide between 2022/04/24 and is expected to build a second growth curve for companies in the future.
\triangleright exhibit 2022/04/07
A tap, which fully benefits from the need to deploy the high-end light modules of the downstream cloud computing giants. Meanwhile, in the wake of the production of the distilled g-silicon light product, the 800g advantage-modules, silicon light modules, laser radars, etc., are continuously being consolidated - and there is much room for future growth.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.