Combined with cycle and growth, the industry is going up and down with the laser radar operation — midsummit (300308), semi-annual review 2022.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating profits of $525 million, representing an increase of 41.27 per cent in comparison with the net shareholdings of listed companies.
Billion dollars, an increase of 32,908.36%. The Māori ratio of products increased as the share of high-end products such as 400g and 200g increased, and as efficiency gains continued.
The market size of the light module is projected to be 14% capr over the next five years.
Report: The light module tap takes the opportunity and multiple advantages grow steadily 22%. Dell'oro statistics show a 17% increase in the capital expenditure of the global data centre in 2022, with a 30% increase in data centre expenditure by super-large cloud producers; and 2026, the global data centre.
Capital expenditure is expected to reach $350 billion. The capital expenditure of 2022q2 4 cloud producers (Google, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft) was $36,951 million, an increase of 19.78 per cent over the same period, and the ring grew.
The light module manufacturer extends to the laser radar field, and the company is active as a light module terminal manufacturer, and since the laser radar optical component overlaps with the light module component technology, some component manufacturers overlap: bottom layer processes and technology, light communication and laser radar have some commonity, so light communications are long-term.
Accumulated technology platforms and production lines have a certain level of reuse. The company has now established a laser radar oem/odm team, which will take full advantage of the technology, process, supply chain, readiness and capacity accumulated in the field of light modules and assist laser radar clients in further reducing the cost and improving product performance and productivity.
The company is the world’s leading provider of light-module solutions, and has been in the forefront of the industry for 30 years. As the country’s five-g and idc construction continues, the company will continue to see its markets abroad.
In addition, with increased penetration and market size, laser mines are expected to become new growth points for companies, further increasing corporate profitability. We expect 2022 - offshore markets with less than expected risks, less product delivery than expected, and a volatile upstream price of materials.
This report is presented independently and objectively, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment to the report are derived from compliance channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the professional integrity and competence of the author, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.