The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services has outperformed its expectations, and high-end products have continued to advance.
28.30%; net profit attributable to the mother is 492 million yuan, y/y44.49%; non-net profit is 443 million yuan, y/y high-end product demand product structure is higher, and corporate profits are growing faster in q2 camps. Rapid logistics recovery is taking place during the epidemic, with 2,142 million yuan, q/q2.54%, y/y17.32%;
q/q26.73 per cent, y/y24.28 per cent. Performance growth during the reporting period was mainly the result of accelerated deployment of high-end products such as 400g and 200g to speed up transmission rates, and corporate products were widely recognized by domestic and foreign clients.
High-end products have been added to the company’s continued efficiency gains, benefiting from the appreciation of the dollar, faster revenue and net profit growth, with a single-quarter Māori rate of 27.28%, y/y34 pp. The expansion of capacity continues, and the industrial chain invests in the consolidation of superior resources.
“Performance traps have come to an end, with approval, to upgrade the production capacity of high-end products of 200g, 400g and above, to meet market demand for high-end light module technology adaptation and modelling, and to create a competitive edge for firms.
Equity investments in high-technology areas, such as the compounds semiconductor industry, the new generation of information technology industry, the networking of goods and large data applications (including bottom sensors, chips, object networking platforms, ai technology, financial technology, intelligent driving and robotics) are effective in integrating advantage resources. In addition, companies enter the field.
Military laser radar surrogate operations, taking full advantage of the company’s technological accumulation and scale in the field of light modules, are instrumental in helping laser radar customers to further reduce the costs and enhance product performance. The market continues, and companies have a high-end chip self-research advantage.
In the next five years, 14 per cent of the market size will increase to $17.6 billion in 2026. The company’s 200-g product continues to be billed, 800-g product continues to move, and self-researched silicon chips will be useful in enhancing the company’s market competitiveness in the 400-g and above speed light module, effectively avoiding key technology cards.
The neck situation. Based on the technological advantages of the company and the industry’s leadership, a 20% increase in business is expected in the future +, a high-level average, and high-end products are expected to continue to overlap to improve the profit structure.
Sino-American trade frictions have increased; competition has led to higher-than-expected price declines; and new products have not been developed as expected. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market has resulted in an average of the final rating, which is then calculated as the average market investment.