Mid-Station (300308.sz)
The industrial boom has led to a steady rise in corporate revenue: 2022h1, the company achieved operating revenues of $4.23 billion, compared with 28.30 per cent; net profit returns to mothers of $492 million, compared with 44.49 per cent; deductions of $1 billion, compared with 24 per cent. The main beneficiaries of performance growth during the reporting period accelerated the deployment of 400g and 200g.
High-end products are being scaled up, corporate products are being widely recognized by domestic and foreign clients, product structures are being optimized, and corporate profitability is increasing significantly: 2022h1 Māori is 26.79 per cent, an increase of 2.39 percentage points from the same year, benefiting mainly from product restructuring and high value.
The share of high-end products such as 400g and 200g continues to rise; and the exchange rate is also making a positive contribution to the net profit of the company. In terms of cost rates, the effect of firm size continues to be reflected in the downwards of efficiency gains The overall cost rate continues to decline, while the cost of corporate R & D continues to rise in order to consolidate its technology.
The future of the 800g frontier product is expected to bring new growth points: benefits
In the global cloud industry, where capital spending has increased significantly, 200g has become the fastest growing driver of demand in the industry, while 400g will continue to grow at a high rate. Companies have continued to raise the share of corporate investors in the circulation of a share over the last two years.
The annual market share is the second largest in the world, with a leading position in high-end product chains. At the same time, the company’s 800g front line product has already been sampled and is expected to lead this year’s production.
Prospectives of profitability: This is accompanied by a sustained high industry for the next two years, and the company’s share in the industry is not as high as the capital expenditure of overseas cloud producers is expected.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.