The company released its mid-year report in 2022, which achieved operating income of $4,231 million in the first half of the year, representing a net profit of $443 million for non-repatriated mothers, an increase of 43.9 per cent.
The deployment of 200g, 400g products has accelerated, and the share of overseas income has increased significantly. Benefiting from data, the growth of demand for central customer flows and continued investment in capital spending, overseas clients have accelerated the speed of transmission of high-end products such as 400g and 200g, with companies earning the same income in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the subregion, the company generated $3.623 billion in offshore revenue, an increase of 48.67 per cent, representing a share of total revenue.
Revenue structure and mitigation efficiency contributed to a significant increase in the company ' s Māori ratio, which was stable during the period. The Māori ratio of the company ' s light module operations increased by 2.44 pct to 2.44 ptt in the first half of the year, driven by an increase in the share of high-end products such as 400g and 200g from the company, as well as a continued decline in efficiency gains.
8.01/7.48 Total equity/flow equity (millions of shares) Financial costs benefit from exchange rate fluctuations during the second quarter, with exchange rate gains of $37.12 million in the first half of the year, resulting in a decrease in financial cost rates of 1.62 pct to -0.45 per cent; sales and management cost rates remain flat
The middle-of-the-sandon investment holdings are limited, and a laser radar business team is set up to demonstrate the company's border expansion capability.
The company has now set up a laser radar team that will take full advantage of the technology, process, supply chain, equipment and capacity accumulated in the field of light modules and can assist laser radar clients in further reducing the cost and upgrading of bom.
Product performance and delivery capacity, with the prospect of a new profitable future in the field of laser radar surrogates, sustained industrial investment and deployment, conducive to resource complementarities and integration.
Fund products such as enterprises, Nanjing Datai Entrepreneurship Investment Partnership, Hangzhou Jongten Entrepreneurship Investment Partnership II, Yongjian Qing Investment Partnership, Lukzawa Bay Investment Management Partnership, and Suzhou Equity Investment Partnership are helping to strengthen corporate convergence.
The industry of semiconductors, the new generation of information technology industries, the network of goods and the big data application industry, among others, combines equity investments in high-technology areas supported by national priorities to promote complementarities and integration of resources between industry and capital.
The company’s company, Genjie Tsi, has recently passed a review by the Board of Directors of the Institute’s Innovation Board, which is expected to make a significant contribution to the company’s future performance, covering the first time that a “recommended” rating has been given.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek to be independent, objective and fair, and the findings of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, asset management companies, specific customers, etc.