\triangleright \triangleright
(cfcf2022) Highlighting 400g related products for dci solutions, while the company's 800gosfp/qsfp-dd800dr8+ silicon light module was awarded the "2022 Award for Product Innovation" for continuous layout in related areas, focusing on building new growth points: the related light module was used early in telecommunications collars
The \triangleright field transports a backbone network with a distance greater than 1,000 km, which is accompanied by high-speed flow growth and a rapid increase in transmission rates, while the dry technology depends on the high fibre optic capacity, distance from transmission, superior performance, etc., for a continuous downswing of electricity.
The mail field is now sinking to the urban area network at a transmission distance of 100-1000 km and to the edge of the network, which is less than 100 km. The digital field has become the mainstream of the data centre connection (dci). As the costs decline in the future, the application landscape will expand further.
Piloted 100g/200gcfp and 200gcfp2 modules in 2019 and commercialized in the same year.
With 100 gqsfp-ddd and 400 gqsfp-ddzr/openzr+ trunking modules in the smallest dimensions of industry, together with 400 g-related products displayed for dci solutions, the breadth and performance of the company ' s products have reached global leadership levels and are expected to create new business growth points for the company in the future.
Focusing on the silicon light sector, overall progress is at the forefront of the industry: silicon light is one of the key directions of the industry \triangleright, with the global market for silicon light modules projected to reach nearly 8 billion in 2026, according to Lightning.
In the US dollar, which is expected to account for half of the market share, the market is split equally with the traditional punctuated modules. For years, the company has been able to design and encapsulate the rare silicon chips in the industry in the silicon field layout.
Innovative heat radiation design, excellent high frequency and low power consumption, promising the full use of silicon light technology, and continued high market demand from overseas, with 22q1 performances
The central interconnection (dci) and medium- and long-range telecommunications-related modules offer better solutions. Meanwhile, the public-sector 400g silicon chip's Fab rate is constantly rising, and the 400g silicon module is now on the market to highlight the value base and is intended as an incentive to keep an eye on the head of the company.
In the field of forward-looking laser radar, there is a huge potential for future growth: light module and laser radar technology co-sources, 3. Intermediary (30308.sz)
The overall structure and working principles are somewhat similar, so the technology platform and output of the module manufacturer is: 800g silicon products are available, and there is a degree of reuse in the continued consolidation of the 800g front line. The company relies on years of experience in the field of the module and the technological excellence of the industry.
4. The company Midsummit (300308.sz) reported on its performance in accelerating research and development of the relevant products, with the prospect of fully opening up the company’s growth space in the future.
\triangleright 5. Middle Cream (300308): Three-quarter high performance, moving in.
A locomotive, fully benefiting from the need to deploy the high-end, high-end, light-to-light module for downstream cloud computing. At the same time, the company has accelerated its progress in emerging areas such as the trunking light module, the silicon light module, the laser radar, etc., and has great potential to grow in the future.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.