Performance forecast for mid-2022: A steady increase in profitability and higher-than-expected growth in high-end full-light modules was achieved on 12 July 2022
▪ Events: On 11 July, Midsummit issued a semi-annual performance forecast for 2022, attributed to listed companies.
In addition, company sales were mainly distributed overseas, with revenue from sales.
In the US dollar, exchange-rate fluctuations in the second quarter of the 22nd year have had a positive impact on income and the Māori rate. We believe that the high-speed light module industry continues to enjoy a favourable climate, that companies as light module leaders will benefit fully, and that long-term performance will develop robustly.
▪ Increasing research and development inputs in the field of related & silicon light modules, and continuously reinforcing the lead advantage: the company recently connected to the conference in 2022, showing 400g related products for dci solutions, while the company's 800g silicon module won the 2022 Annual Product Innovation Award.
At the same time, 400g silicon chips have been continuously raised, and the current 400g silicon light is now called "Middle Cream (300308), 2021.
The module has entered the market for import, is being certified by overseas clients, and the development of the 800g silicon chip has been synchronized. In our view, the company continues to expand the breadth and depth of its products and to increase its research and development inputs.
Energetic technology and silicon light modules are expected to create greater growth space for companies, bring about high performance growth for o1 and continue to look good at light, create a new business growth point in the field of active laser radars: companies continue to increase their focus on new directions and trends.
The input layout of the product, the photo-receiver module and the laser radar reception and transmission technology are in the overall structure and working principles.
Three-quarter reviews in 2021: The advantages of a growing performance have some re-use. We believe that companies, as the vanguards of the light module, have the capacity to rapidly transform core technologies and to accelerate the development of relevant products in the future.
Steady, watch downstream demand repair for long-term growth  profit forecast and investment rating: company active layout related  silicon light model fast and laser radar technology, Middle Smud (300308); 2021 _1⁄2
Annual Report Review: Downstream Demand Impact q2 q2 q1/18/15x, respectively, where middle Xiaoqin remains a leader in the light module market, and we continue to look forward to future performance development, thus maintaining the "buy-in" rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board