In the third quarter of 2021, the performance forecast was evaluated: it was expected that the leadership would continue to reflect a slower overall demand ring for \alpha 2021q3 than in the industrial and regulatory sector, but that the advanced manufacturing plates would perform better.
Downstream, advanced manufacturing areas are well-placed and competitive, and “support” measures are steadily moving forward, adding “up top sink” to raise the share of sales, and we expect the industry to be in control in three quarters.
This year, the demand for industrial controls has risen rapidly, especially in the advanced manufacturing sector, where we measure the earnings of 2021q3 industrial controls. At the same time, the company’s downstream structure has been significantly optimized, with the advanced manufacturing industry now accounting for more than half its share of the future.
The growth in demand has been strongly supported, while traditional business cycles have had limited impact on companies. The new power clients continue to do more than double the company’s powered car business, and the profit margin has been significantly reduced this year, and will be profitable next year.
The same increase has been more than doubled, and the current client profile includes new forces (ideal, pelican, etc.), internal capital lines (broad gas, Great Wall, etc.) and overseas headcarrying companies, with their share of future global sales, and the asp with their own room for sustained growth. We continue to maintain expectations of $2.5 billion in revenue for the year, and we will be selling in future.
The volume, the value of the bicycles, has been rising, and it is expected to lose next year. The share has increased, and it continues to rise to the share of sales in multinational enterprises, overseas enterprises, etc.
Substitution acceleration, high number of tram orders, profitability projections and investment ratings: taking into account the downward trend in capital spending and profits in the manufacturing industry
Yearly Report: Industrial and power control double-wheel drive, q1 over-expected 2021-04 - net profit from deduction of 2021q3
At a slow pace, structurally advanced manufacturing has maintained a relatively good growth trend, and traditional manufacturing has slowed down with power restrictions in September 2021. The industrial-controlled sector has been on the recovery track since the 2020 epidemic, with high capital spending on advanced manufacturing industries such as lithium electricity, light voltage, 3c, semiconductors, logistics on the one hand, and export on the other.
The demand for textiles, printed packaging, etc. has also grown rapidly. Market sales in the 2021q1/q2oem type have increased at a similar rate of 53.4%/28.1%, and demand in the industry has continued to improve; 2021q3 mainstream foreign firms have ordered 20% in China - but we believe that there are still structural growth opportunities for domestic firms in the advanced manufacturing industries of the downstream layout, which are expected to outpace the industry.
The advanced manufacturing sector in the lower-sinks is relatively high and highly competitive, and the second half of the year's “support” measures have been steadily advanced, adding a “up top-down” surge in the share of sales, and we expect a 50% increase in the overall 2021q3 industrial control business. The advanced manufacturing industry has led to a rise in such products as server services, plc, etc.
We expect that the company’s 202103 industrial-controlled business will grow by more than 50% overall, with the service and nuclei expected to grow faster than the industry.
In addition, we expect the industrial robotics business of the company to double its growth by 2021q3 and to continue at a fast pace. In the medium- and long-term, the downstream structure of 2020-2021 was significantly optimized, and the work of the swath industry was less affected by the traditional manufacturing week, more demonstrating the growth of the advanced manufacturing industry, and longer-term import substitution space was clear to me.
Indirectly affecting the demand for industrially controlled products, the company ' s industrially controlled business structure was significantly optimized in 2020-2021, starting this year with a combined share of the manufacturing (lithium, photovoltaic, wind, 3c, logistics, etc.) industry, whose demand for better and a substantial increase in the share of sales is at the heart of the growth in performance at this stage, and the industrially controlled race is well under way.
Wide enough (about $80-90 billion in 2020 in discrete manufacturing market space, and just $5 billion in 2020 in Sinkkawa, with continued growth in the number of new power clients, such as ideal and peng, expected to lead to a more than doubling of the company ' s electric vehicle business, we maintain expectations of $2.5 billion in revenue for the year, and the share of future sales and the value of bicycles (asp) will continue to rise, and we will continue to increase.
In 2021, orders were filled, sales doubled, and release was faster than market expectations. In 2021, the company’s new power, the ideal one, the small pap 7 and the fast-crawling of cars, were sold separately in 2021, according to the federated data.
The customer ladder is clear, the sales of both old and new customers are expected to rise, and this year we expect a significant reduction, a start to profit next year, a big forward space, and a “rebuilding” of the river.
Upgraded: In the case of domestic car companies, companies have been breaking new ground in such projects as Hiroshima, Great Wall, Chirre, I, etc., and we expect a gradual increase in our contribution from 2022; overseas power-sourced imports have also been made to front-line companies such as Psa, with rapid growth in vehicle sales, a build-up of the share of transceivers, and an increase in the asp, which is expected to raise our revenues by 2.5 billion this year.
+ We still expect a small loss as we continue to increase our costs this year, especially in terms of R & D; we will be contributing more profit next year, more space in the long term. o2 plus 19%.
But the chip shortage, the bulk commodity price hikes put some pressure on the Māori ratio of elevator parts and components. Overall, we expect a profit forecast and investment proposal: I'm 37 times more than I'm 28 times more likely to take into account capital spending and profit margin factors in the manufacturing industry.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board