Three-quarter reviews in 2021: Industrial and Control Lead Industry, Electricity Control  2021q3 Income + 53 per cent, Mothers ' Net Return + 28 per cent, better than Industry, 28 per cent, as expected.
Bi-2.6 pct, ring ratio-1.5 pct, mainly due to: 1) price increases for bulk commodities & chips; 2) changes in product composition, and an increase in the share of new energy vehicles. In addition, the profitability of core products is stable.
In the third quarter of the Hong Kong River, it has performed far beyond the industry, continuing to operate alpha, the forward layout “double carbon”, extended storage and energy management operations. The demand for 2021q3 industrial controls +21%, the ring comparison - 16%, and the advanced lithium, semiconductor, logistics, etc. continued to grow and the traditional industries slowed down.
And energy management operations, with the creation of a new sbu operation unit under the Ministry of Industry and Control, have now made a breakthrough in the storage of energy transformers, energy management control systems.
This year, the energy automobile business has suffered a significant loss and is expected to make a profit next year. 2021q3 new car business revenue is $870 million, compared to +189%/ring ratio +55%. Among these, the ideal one, small pap7 and other new forces continue to increase their share of future sales, the value of their bicycles, and the profit end is significantly reduced this year, and it is expected next year.
Q3 performance forecast: q3 commodity price hikes put some pressure on the ratio of the elevator parts. Overall, we expect the elevator performance to match expectations.
Mid-year review: high demand for industrial controls, profitability projections and investment ratings: we basically maintained the company ' s net return profits from 2021-23 respectively, accelerated replacements, high tram orders, asp
32.100 billion/4.29 billion/4.63 billion (taking into account the amortization of equity incentive costs), compared with the year-and-month performance forecast: Industrial Control, Reported Over-expected 2021-
The company released its three-quarterly report in 2021, which achieved business income of $13,348 million over the reporting period, a slight increase over the same period, significantly better than the industry as a whole. Structural changes have led to a rapid rise in the share of new energy cars with relatively low Māori rates.
Despite the decline in the overall demand ring in the industrial sector since 2021q3, there has been a steady acceleration in the ratio of advanced manufacturing to higher production and import substitution, while the share of sales has been constantly raised through the “uplifting down” method, with 2021q3 in the overall industry.
The same-year-old growth rate was 60 per cent higher than the same-year increase, and the ring increase was significantly higher than the industry; while the underlying and layout “double carbon” was consolidated, with the next 2021o3oem sector +21.2 per cent lower than the next +21.2 per cent. However, the advanced manufacturing of semiconductor electronics, lithium electricity, logistics, etc., maintained a better growth rate, while the traditional manufacturing sector experienced a slowdown in the power-restricted rate in September.
The industrial and regulatory sectors have been on the recovery track since 2021, with high capital spending in the advanced manufacturing industries of lithium electricity, photovoltaics, 3c, logistics, on the one hand, and export expectations, on the other hand, with rapid demand for textiles, printing packaging, etc., on the other hand, with the advanced manufacturing industries maintaining a high profile.
In the medium-to-long term, however, there is a need for a significant upswing in the advanced manufacturing sector as a result of industrial upgrading, and a continuing trend of accelerated import substitution. The HSBC 2021q3 is far above the industry, continuing to act as a strong employer of Alpha.
Business marketing, import substitution, and fort customers, the company’s share of sales has risen rapidly, especially in advanced manufacturing, against a backdrop of relatively high demand in this year’s industry, and the advantage has spread rapidly from the industry to the entire industry.
Billion dollars, +26 per cent; $1.02 billion, +122 per cent; plc&hmi, +2 billion, +2 per cent; plc&hmi, double carbon, extended storage and energy management operations. This year, the Sku Operations Unit was created in the Ministry of Industry and Control, and in the context of “doubt carbon”, it was built around different scenarios of power generation, network and load sides.
In the medium-to-long term, with a significant improvement in downstream structures from 2020 to 2021, the business of the swath industry has been subjected to a traditional manufacturing week.
With less influence and more evidence of growth in advanced manufacturing, and with clear long-term import alternatives, we expect to continue to grow relatively fast relative to the industry for the next 2-3 years. While the traditional discrete manufacturing industry is indirectly affected by electricity restrictions, among other things, by the demand for controlled products, the corporate structure of industrial operations is excellent from 2020 to 2021.
This year, the combined share of sales in the advanced manufacturing industries (lithium, photovoltaic, wind, 3c, logistics, etc.) has been more than half, and the demand for these industries has risen significantly in terms of demand and sales, driven by the current high performance of nuclear power users, such as ideal and pelicans, which continued in 2021 and generated revenues of 870 million new energy vehicles in 2021q3.
The share of sales, the value of bicycles (asp) continues to rise, the profit margin has been significantly reduced this year, and next year it is expected to begin to expand, with the purchase orders in 2021 full, sales multiplied, and sales outpaced market expectations. In 2021, the company's new position was the ideal one for customers, and fast-crawling of cars like Peng Pap 7, which, according to the FMC data, was sold q1-3 in 2021.
In 2021, we expect a substantial decline, a profit start in 2022, a long-term space, and a “rebuilding” of the new forces.
We expect to scale up to three-and-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-lifetime solutions.
We still expect a small loss, especially in terms of R & D, as the share of Kawakami's domestic market sales is about 10 per cent, and the share of sales continues to rise in multinationals, overseas enterprises, etc., as compared with the share of sales in the 2021q3 elevators since 2022.
Overall, we expect the elevator operation to create a new industry merger fund, “Industry + Capital,” which will complement each other. Companies and subsidiaries are planning to invest in the creation of a new Sioux pool of equity investment partnerships, with a total size of $1 billion, with companies contributing $300 million and fully owned subsidiaries.
At $100 million, the Fund will focus on the ecological chain layout of the main industry, investing mainly in smart manufacturing and digitization, low-carbon and storage, new energy vehicles, semiconductors, industrial software, etc., and increasing the “industry-capital” synergies. Overall, the cost increase is slower than the recovery rate and the cost rate is lower, but the R & D cost of 2021q3 is substantial in relation to the ring.
Growth, the firm's team-building and motivation for the research and development team is further strengthened. The company's 2021q1-3 cost increases on a year-to-year basis, the cash flow fluctuates slightly, with receivables, contractual liabilities, and inventory all increasing. The company's 2021q1-3 cash flow inflows into its operations are net of $629 million, an increase of 9.06 per cent over the same period, of which 2,021q3 has net cash flows of $244 million.
East Wu Xinjun, Profit Forecasting and Investment Proposal: Our basic maintenance company's net return profit in 2021-23 was $3.21 billion, respectively.