On April 23, 2025, in the evening of April 23, 2025, a report was issued on the first quarter of 2025 for the Chinese and Chinese oil uniforms.
In terms of profitability, the company has achieved a rise in the same ring.
These include: 1) the increased utilization of well-connected drilling platforms and the start-up and operation of the Norwegian semi-submarine platform with a high daily fee. 25q1 self-enhancement, semi-submarine platform days with a daily utilization rate of 91.2% and 83.8%, respectively, with a ratio of +11pt and +7.8pt, respectively.)
The cost of services and the cost of R & D decreased by $51 million and $70 million, respectively. Of this, interest expenditure on the financial cost line decreased by $65 million in the same year, mainly as a result of the firm ' s active repayment of foreign ministry debt since last year; R & D costs fell or were affected by year-on-year fluctuations, but overall effective control was achieved
In terms of cash flow, the net operating cash flow of the company is -2.29 billion yuan, a decline in the same year, mainly affected by business unfinished business. With the four Middle East platforms suspended last year entering the new contract cycle, the company ' s high-day drilling platform in the North Sea region of Norway is operating normally, and the South Sea is eight.
We believe that there is still room to raise the company's daily fees in the future, that China Sea oil capital spending remains high, and that it is a strong guarantee of the supply orders. In 2025, China Sea Oil Program \triangleright
The continued high level of capital spending in China and China guarantees a steady growth in the performance of the Department, and the company’s domestic operations are still expected to remain high. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast the company’s net return profits for the period 2025-2027, respectively.
Performance is expected to continue to grow, maintaining the “buy-in” rating of companies, risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery less than expected; upstream capital expenditure less than expected; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate volatility risk.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
B. Introduction to the Sinda Energy Research Team
Member of the Committee, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COIAP), and for over a decade, working on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields, chaired the “13th Five” National Coal Survey Planning and Development Research, Revision of Coal Industry Technology Policy and Enterprise-related Advisory Issues, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
Liu Hongqing, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the carbon-neutral and professional committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics and led research on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the major energy domain and research in the petrochemical industry.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. It is not intended to be an ex officio customer for the recipients of this report. The present report is based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipients, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are observations, assessments and projections that are only available at the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subjects referred to in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees, involving securities.
Or the historical performance of the subject matter of the investment should not be a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria have been used, different perspectives and analytical methods have been used, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.