China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808.sh) China Sea Oil Field Uniforms 21 May 2025 (2883.hk): Overperformance, overseas
China Sea Oil Uniforms incident: China Sea Oil Clothing Company achieved total operating income of $48.3 billion in 2024, compared to China Sea Oil Field Services Co. Ltd. 's main business involvement
The oil and gas exploration, exploitation and production stages are divided into, inter alia, drilling services, oil field technical services, ships, billions of yuan, a significant increase of 39.6 per cent over the previous year.
Services, survey and survey services are four big blocks. Companies occupy most of the market for technical services in offshore oil fields in China. Their services, such as fixed wells, mud, and so on, have absolute markets off China's coast.
Drilling services operations: Increase in the average daily income of the domestic semi-submarine drilling platform in 2024 Growth in revenue, increase in the average daily income of the semi-submarine drilling platform by $143 million per day per day, compared with the increase in the same year
Motion and operation, 4889 days of operation, 11.4% increase, self-upgrade/semi-subsperm platform rises by 4.2%, and scale effects drive Māori Ring restoration. Looking ahead, Norwegian maritime demand continues to be released, and company drilling operations are expected to increase at full cost.
Total equity/flowa share (millions) Oilfield technical services: technical barriers to growing moats with optimal revenue ratio. 2024 circulationb/h share (millions)
Core line operations increased on an equal basis, R&D conversion efficiency increased to support Māori resilience, and other operations: ship services increased, plywood collection fluctuated with the project cycle. Ship liability structure improved and cash flow management was prudent. 9.8 per cent of operating costs increased cash flow
Deepwater + technology services are driven by two-wheel drive, and overseas orders are growing. The poor quality of global oil and gas resources drives the expansion of the market for technology services, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from the technology panels. Companies insist on a technology-driven strategy, with significant benefits from R & D inputs in 2024.
The Department currently relies on the full-chain integration of advantages, promoting the development of smart equipment in synergy with low-carbon technologies, and strengthening core competitiveness.
Profit forecasting and rating: the company, as the global leader in integrated marine oils, grew steadily in 2024, outperformed its performance in the first quarter of 2025, resulting in a net return profit (39.6 per cent compared with 39.6 per cent).
Oilfield technical services have broken out, highlighting the growth of the cycle. Drilling wells have fully benefited from domestic energy conservation policies and have a higher climate than foreign garment companies. Looking ahead, the company relies on Chinese sea oil as its domestic industry, driven by a two-wheel drive in deep water + technical services.
Strong support, technological breakthroughs and import substitution for oil field technical services, promising: less capital spending upstream for hydrocarbons than expected: the risk of overseas business expansion.
The source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source of the east, the source, the source of the east, the source, the source, the source of the east, the source, the source, the source, the source of the east, the source, the world, the mother, the mother, the
The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808.sh) China Sea Oil Field Services (2883.hk): performance exceeded expectations and overseas orders contributed to the increase
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.