Deep-sea technology booms, company performance is robust for the future 06/04/ 2025 Event: mid-March 2025, with Deep-sea technology for the first time in the Government Report 2025
Incorporation of the orientation of new-quality productivity development, with clear proposals for promoting “safe and healthy development” with new industries such as commercial space, low-altitude economies, etc. The Division achieved a gross operating income of 48.3 billion yuan (+9.5 per cent of the year); and a net return to the mother of 3.1 billion yuan.
▪ The company’s four major business plates are bright: 1) Drilling services: in 2024, the company operated 48 self-edged drilling platforms and 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms. The company’s drilling platforms in 2024 were 17,502 days (as compared to 1.3 per cent) affected by the typhoon season in the southern part of China.
Cost-of-same upgrades, self-propelled, semi-submarine drilling platforms at $75,000, $143,000/day, corresponding to 1.4 per cent and +7.5 per cent respectively. 2) Field technical services: “” high-end oil and gas technology equipment branding issued; “” systems are being scaled up; and the completion of the “Hiphon” system is being achieved
Software, tools and experimental testing platforms are being used on a full-scale basis to effectively upgrade the country's maritime well-finishing industry's level of industrial autonomy. 3) Ship services: companies enhance capacity-building of the ship pool, the annual scale of the industry has been significantly increased, and large-scale, long-cycle, high-value overseas projects have been successfully launched.
New customers in the South-East Asian market, overall enhanced capacity to integrate maritime ship services; successful completion of the ship services project in Africa for the first time, and further enhancement of market penetration. 4) Discovery services: Rationalization of external and domestic equipment resources, effective release of operational capacity, 2024
The project has a record number of new contracts and overseas revenues for the same period. The company's self-research of the Sea Pulse was successful in the selection of our fourth series of major equipment in the field of energy; and the sea-water earthquake exploration towing kit successfully completed the South-East Asia Overseas Earthquake Exploration Technical Service operation, which was acquired.
China Sea Oil Clothes (601808): First Quarterly Report 2024  China Sea Oil Sea Oil and Gas Capital Capital Expenditure Maintained High, Directly benefiting companies: Mid 2025 Sea Oil Program: A significant increase in profitability
The total capital expenditure budget is 125-1350 billion yuan, of which the maintenance of a robust level of capital expenditure for oil exploration, development and production will increase the volume of maritime work and contribute to the growth of the company China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808): 2023 Annual Report.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: based on corporate project & drilling platform delivery, we evaluate: business scale up, international operations open well, prices equal to 16, 14 and 13 times the price, respectively.
The industry has continued to enjoy a high profile, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk: operational progress has fallen short of expectations.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.