The new coronary vaccine was successfully launched, the line of operations improved, and the Changchun incident (000661) was evaluated.
Wei Hongmei (piv-5 vehicle) and vaccine-related (piv-5 vehicle) technologies developed for the new coronary virus mutagenic strains have exclusive licensing rights in the Xuen region to sign a licence cooperation agreement.
The 100-gram biopharmaceuticals company is one of the four major subsidiaries under the new flag of Changchun, which is now mainly researching, producing and marketing.
Pox vaccine, rabies vaccine, and cold dry nose flu vaccine. At the same time, 100-grams-based organisms also have 14 human-based monoclonal antibodies under development for infectious disease control, including, inter alia, herpes detoxification vaccine, adsorbent to cellular half-white (three sets) combined vaccine, type b
Haemophilus influenzae combination vaccine, human anti-rabies monoclonal antibodies, human anti-tetanus monoclonal antibodies, etc.
The project was developed by 100 grams of biology in collaboration with the University of Hong Kong and the University of Xiamen, and is expected to contribute further to the upgrading of the vaccine at the highest price in December.
At the lowest price in December, we have four new crown vaccines approved for listing, three new crown vaccines approved for emergency use in the country, and 21 new crown vaccines in the clinical phase. In the case of the new crown vaccine, for which I'm currently using my nose,
There are at least seven new nasal crown vaccines in the country, involving 100 grams of biology (preclinical research), Consino (application for emergency use), Vantaa (clinical stage ii), Heihua (clinical reporting) and others.
The development of the new crown vaccine is expected to boost the upgrading of the new crown vaccine and improve vaccination coverage.
This time, the new coronary virus vaccine (piv-5 vehicle) and related technology are licensed to boost the company’s nose and spray the new coronary vaccine.
It's derived from an autonomous IP-based sub-influenza virus (piv-5) carrier platform, which uses the nasal mucous membrane, induction fluid, cellular immunisation, and mucous membrane immunisation. 100-gram organisms are relatively advanced in the field of nasal spraying seedlings, the country's first-ever nasal influenza vaccine, introduced in 2020, which was acquired that year.
The company signed a licence agreement with Xianxin in Guangzhou to complete all research materials, data and biological materials related to licensed products and licensed technologies for 100-gram organisms, and to assist 100-gram organisms in pre-clinical research, i-clinical, i-ii-clinic work.
Investment proposals: The company’s main business is the development, production and marketing of biopharmaceuticals and medicaments, complemented by real estate development, property management and services. The company is the domestic growth hormone leader, with its share of the vaccine market, a new nose-infested influenza vaccine, and a new nose-infested vaccine.
The information in this report is derived from publicly available information, and investors are advised to exercise caution about the accuracy and completeness of the information, on the basis of which to enter the market and take risks on their own. The project and herpes reserve projects have been implemented, product lines have been improved, and future growth is good.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.