The company's growth rate has declined, and the event of the Changchun incident (000661) is still under review.
Incident: The company recently issued an announcement that Mr. Kim Jong-jung had cumulatively reduced the company ' s shares by 809.32 million shares between 22 December 2020 and 20 May 2021, accounting for 1.999 per cent of the company ' s total stock.
Gold is the second largest shareholder of the company, the leader of the domestic reorganization of growth hormones.
The company’s main business is the development, production and marketing of biopharmaceuticals and Chinese medicine, complemented by real estate development, property management and services, and core subsidiaries.
For the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, 100 grams of biology, Chinese medicine, and high-new properties, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry received $5,803 million in 2020, an increase of 20.34 per cent over the same year, contributing 67.32 per cent to the company’s revenues and 83.03 per cent to the company’s overall net profit.
The impact of the epidemic was over 90%. From 2017 to 2019, the growth hormone business in the gold-spill industry actually had a limited impact on the company if the growth hormones were taken. 1 Growth hormones are an upgrading drug, and it is unlikely that they will be included in the national health insurance in the short term; even if they are taken, the affected species will be affected.
It is probably a growth hormone pollen, and it is less likely that water and long-acting water needles will be integrated into the collection. Currently, the more competitive growth hormone products in the country are of a pollinator type, while the only types of water needles that are approved are the Golden Racers, Ancobis and Novonordisk, and the only companies in the country that have been approved long-acting needles are the Golden Race Medicines.
2 According to the structure of growth hormone products in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, water pin products accounted for more than 75 per cent of growth hormone sales in 2020, with long-acting products accounting for about 12 per cent and needle products accounting for about 10 per cent. About 19 per cent longer than in 2019.
The incorporation of growth hormone needles into the collection has had limited impact on companies.3 In terms of product development, the proportion of long-acting water needles will gradually rise as consumption levels of the population rise, and growth of hormone markets is expected to continue at a faster pace in the future.
The penetration rate for the treatment of child dwarfism is still low, and adult adaptive disorders will be approved to open up the market even further. The end-market market for the reorganization of human growth hormones in our country is for the treatment of dwarf diseases in paediatrics, and the penetration rate is currently less than 3%. With the increase in internal penetration, our growth hormones will treat dwarfs in the future.
Long-acting water needles for adult growth hormone deficiency are already in clinical stage II. Adult growth hormones lack the coverage of several sections, including endocrine, brain, gynaecology, and men ' s. Experience in the United States suggests that adult adaptive treatment will further open up the market space for growth hormones.
Investment advice: The company is a growth hormone leader, with large domestic market space, and a good competitive pattern. This time, the major shareholder’s loss of shares is mainly a personal capital demand, and still does not alter the future growth prospects of the company.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.