On April 23, the company published a quarterly report for 2021, which generated business income of 2,281 million yuan, compared to the increase in profits.
37.35%, an increase of 28.52% over the same period in 2019. The net profit from the return of mothers is 875 million yuan, compared to the strong recovery of growth hormones and the approval of new adaptive disorders. As the impact of the epidemic fades, the company’s core, the company’s gold-challenged pharmaceutical industry, has achieved revenues of 1.843 billion yuan (+49.71%) in the first quarter of the year; the net profit is 878 million.
RMB (+70.02%). Current sales reforms in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry, downfalls, etc., have been effective, and newcomers, 1. Growth hormone recovery has been strong and cost reductions have resulted in a net increase in the number of people entering the group and in the patient's use of medication, which has led to strong growth in performance, driving the company as a whole.
At present, corporate reorganisation of growth hormone fluids is used for the addition of a short-sized and nutritionally supported adult intestinal syndrome due to hyper-optimal performance, strong growth of growth hormones, and chronic infertility.
Adaptive treatment has been approved, and the base for growth hormones is expected to continue to grow. 3. Keeping the performance high, accelerating the rate of nose-infested influenza vaccine, further increasing profitability and good cost control.
This represents an increase of 1.16 per cent over the same period last year, a net interest rate of 39.64 per cent, an increase of 5.15 per cent over the same period last year, and a net interest rate of 47.63 per cent for the mid-Kin racing pharmaceutical industry, which has remained stable over the 20-year period. The increase in net interest rates for companies is evidently due to good cost-side controls. The cost of corporate sales in the first quarter was 30.78 per cent (4.17 per cent).
Vaccine operations have grown steadily. A quarter of 100-gram-a-day subsidiary has achieved income of $247 million, a 24.12 per cent increase, and a net profit of $55 million, a 22.12 per cent increase. A quarter of 100-gram organisms have achieved 20.738 million vaccinations, a 7.95 per cent decrease in the same period.
The company is expected to make a larger contribution in the second half of the year than the company’s graduation plan increased last year. In 2020, the company is now in the process of submitting for registration, and it is expected that the company’s core competitiveness will be further enhanced.
Performance commitment risk in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry; increased risk of growth hormone competition; risk of health insurance and control fees; under-supplier sales of seedlings; reduction of risk in stock restrictions; and under-achievement of R & D. Analysis of rating ratios for relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment