Quarterly review in 2021: company reports for the first quarter of 2021, q1 generated business income of $2,281 million in 2021, Wei Hongme
This represents an increase of 37.35 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $875 million attributable to shareholders of listed companies, an increase of 61.21 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of $872 million attributable to shareholders of listed companies, net of non-recurring gains and losses, which is at the same level as the previous performance forecast, which is consistent with expectations: the subsidiary gold industry performed well.
On April 23, 2021q1, the Golden Race Medicines industry achieved revenues of 1,843 million yuan, an increase of 49.71 per cent in the same year; net profits of 878 million yuan, an increase of 70.02 per cent in the same year.
There was a significant increase in 2020, mainly due to: (a) sales reforms and channels in the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry; (b) the impact of sinking work; and (c) the admission of unincorporated patients last year on the basis of the epidemic into the group this year and new infections into the group (ttm)
The increase in the number of people, the accumulation of the patient’s use of medications, and the sale of growth hormones, the main product of the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, were sold at a very good price in December. In addition, the Golden Race Pharmacy has recently been approved for two new adaptive conditions.
In December, the lowest price (in dollars) was the small size of children due to incomplete bone development, and the short intestine syndrome of adults, and the industrial ceiling was further upgraded; at the same time, given the current low penetration of growth hormones, there was considerable scope for future growth in the industry.
With regard to seedlings, between the beginning of 2021 and 23 April, 32.37 million doses of biopox vaccine were issued, an increase of 27.16 per cent, representing 36.23 per cent of the overall market, and maintaining headline status. With regard to influenza vaccines, it is expected that 100 grams of life vaccine for freezing, dry-snap flu will continue to be released in 2021.
The company continues to promote research and development. 1) Auxiliary gold-supplicants: growth hormones (water needles) for adaptive conditions such as children younger than the birth of a child, hair-triggers, etc. are in the clinical stage of the iii stage; long-acting growth hormones for adult life; long hormone deficiency disorders are in the clinical trial stage of the ii/iii period; therapeutic precupancy, prostates, etc.
The cancer trauprin microballs are in the ii clinical stage. 2) Auxiliary 100-gram organisms: rabies vaccine is scheduled to resume production in the second half of the year and sales in 2022; herpes with herpes are expected to be on the market in 2023; nasal flu vaccine (water needles) has been approved and is expected to be on the market in 2023. 3)
By using the branded advantage of growth hormones in paediatrics, the company is working to build multi-product line systems covering bone age testing, child physical management, child immunization, child nutrition, child mental development, etc.
The company’s influence in the field of paediatrics, the investment proposal: the company is the pole of growth hormones, the domestic market space is large, and the competition is good. The good sales of the water pox vaccine and the flu vaccine provide new impetus for the company to develop.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.