The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WRDC) has taken over 51 per cent of Beijing's new youth.
Events: The subsidiary Kimsai Pharmacy, with its own funds, is planning to buy 51% of the share in Beijing in the form of a two-stage build-up of shares and an acquisition of shares in the former east. The company Kimsai Medicine is planning to acquire 51% of the share in Beijing.
The company, with its own funds, plans to buy 51% of the North's share in a two-stage build-up and acquisition of a portion of its former shareholders. Beijing's new generation is a high-tech biotechnology company focusing on the testing of protein-based markers for neurodegenerative diseases, focusing on two signs of Alzheimer's disease.
The cerebral cerebral vertebrate diagnosing reagent case is relatively mature and is currently in the pre-declaration stage, the external blood diagnosing reagent case is based on endocrine technology, the sampling is easy and fast, and screening diagnostics are available before the onset of the disease, with some technical advantages.
• The mechanism for developing Alzheimer’s disease is not yet clear, and there is a larger market for clinical diagnosis. As the country’s population is ageing, the number of Alzheimer’s patients has continued to increase, reaching more than 10 million in 2020, and the diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease and related diseases has greater market potential.
It has not been fully explained that there is some clinical need for specific diagnostics and other diagnostic diagnostics of neurotic diseases. The current diagnostic marker development in ad is concentrated in beta-septic samples from the cerebral vertebrae (csf) and protein fragments, as well as in tau protein fragments, which currently have layouts in some of the international longline diagnostic companies, but in the cerebral ridges.
The liquid (csf) samples require a vertebrae puncture, greater damage, and lack of uniformity in treatment of the cerebral spinal fluids prior to the sample, which makes it difficult to harmonize the results of the tests among the various manufacturers and laboratories, and it is expected that longer-term R & D-for-profit predictions and ratings will be required in the future. This outward investment will help to broaden the business structure of the company and prompt it to move quickly.
The field of degenerative diseases in the elderly has helped to improve product line layouts in strategic areas, enhance technological reserves, and enhance the company’s core competitiveness. The growth hormones of the company’s core products are currently growing rapidly, with second-line products plus 4.
Hormonal-ctp blends protein injection fluids to assist reproductive reproduction further enriched (2020-12-14) 6. Long spring highs (000661): introduction of sulfonic acid.
Lin, the line of assisted reproductive products is further enriched (2020-11-18) No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly, for no reason or for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.