Shinjiyama's testimony, Changchun Kotsun (000661.sz)
Reasons for the report: a quarterly review of performance, high growth in growth hormones, and the company ' s first quarter report in 2021, which achieved business income of $2,282 million, a year-on-year increase.
37.35 per cent; net profit on return to mothers was 875 million yuan, an increase of 61.21 per cent over the same year, performance on graduation was impressive and growth hormones continued to grow at a high rate. Business income of 2,282 million yuan, an increase of 37.35 per cent over the same period, and net profit on return to mothers was 875 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
61.21%, performance is impressive. In terms of operations: (1) the core subsidiary, the Golden Race Pharmaceuticals industry, received 1,843 million yuan, an increase of 49.71% in the same year; the net profit was 878 million yuan, an increase of 70.02% in the same year; the core product growth hormones continued to grow at a high rate. The growth hormones market is far from being reached.
The ceiling, the space for growth, the current pattern of competition in the industry is good. The company is a domestic growth hormone leading firm with a good brand image, and it is expected to continue its rapid growth trend throughout the year. (2) The 100-gram vaccine company has achieved $247 million in revenue, compared to the same amount.
The dose of the nostril flu vaccine has been recognized for revenue. The issuance of the pox vaccine has been stable, with 2,448 thousand in 2020q1, an increase of 9.84% over the previous year. The nostril flu vaccine is an exclusive product, is easy to use, is well marketed, and is sold throughout the year.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 28th China Sea International percentage point, Pun Rixi Street, Beijing City, presumably raising the income ratio of long-acting growth hormones and promoting greater corporate profitability.
The Centre has continued to increase its investment in research and development and its efforts to upgrade its innovation capabilities.
Increased investment in research and development and efforts to increase innovation capacity: (1) The Golden Race drug industry focuses on growth and development in paediatric products, and has been active in developing adaptive disorders. Two new adaptations have recently been approved: for anti-cancer products, for malignant neoplasms in the blood system, and for late-stage malignant entities.
In-country clinical trials have been initiated and approved by the U.S. Fda Clinical Trials; technical coverage has been actively expanded, including through external cooperation, through the introduction of sulfur sulfur, projects such as the introduction of sulphate pryrin, the restructuring of human-promoting ovarian hormone-ctp integrated protein injection fluids, etc.
Technology reserves of strong companies in the areas of child health, women ' s health, reproduction and oncology. (2) 100 g of rabies against rabies virus, rabies vaccine (vero cell) freeze dryer-type products. iii clinical trials are almost complete; staves for the prevention of old-age herpes and neurorrhythmia.
The clinical trial of the iii of the live herpes detoxification vaccine product has been completed; the co-promotion of the anti-cellular percussion (three sets) vaccine, which is now available in the country, has been approved, and the successful development of the vaccine will lead to the upgrading of the vaccine.
Risks to the safety of medicines; industry policy risks; risk of underdevelopment; attitude towards new coronary pneumonia; independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.