Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences Growth hormones sales are more robust than ever, and the gold race is more profitable: companies publish a quarterly report, q1 achieves revenue of 2,281 million yuan (+37.35 per cent),
The net profit from maternity is 875 million yuan (+61.21 per cent), net profit from non-repatriation is 872 million yuan, growth hormone sales are warming up the same time, and net interest rates from the core subsidiary gold race are higher.
(+70.02%) Growth hormone sales are expected to be fully back on track, and products such as ovarian hormones have recovered well from last year’s epidemic. q1 net interest rates reached 47.64%, an increase of 5.69 pct, which is expected to be mainly 1) higher sales of water needles and long-acting growth hormones accounted for by Māori.
Better control over spending on the cost side than ups; 2) we expect net interest rates for the entire annual gold race to be expected, water for the replacement of the needles and the increase in the duration of the drug use, corresponding to an increase in sales of growth hormones in the gold race, total market value/flow (million yuan)
The 100-gram biopromotion rate is stable, and the Chinese medicine industry is recovering steadily. 100-gram bio-income per quarter.
The income is close to 2 million, and it is expected to remain relatively stable throughout the year, with the first full year of sales of the nasal flu vaccine expected from other subsidiaries, China.
1) More rational spending on sales costs; 2) faster growth in the size of corporate income. The management rate fell slightly in the same year, reaching 5.27%. The R & D rate rose significantly to 5.98% in the same year.
The ratio of R & D costs has been relatively stable over the 20-year period. Financial costs that benefit from excellent profitability and cash flows continue to be reflected in interest income.
Continuous enrichment of paediatric and reproductive health product lines around the endocrine field. The 2101 company has established extensive marketing networks and excellent branding effects in paediatrics through the golden game growth hormones, according to which the annual gold race medicine industry will continue to enrich core biopharmaceuticals such as growth hormones around the endocrine field.
The needles and long-acting water needle-related adaptives have also been introduced through external cooperation, including projects such as the introduction of blistering sulfonic acid, the restructuring of human-provocative hormones-ctp integrated protein injection fluids, and the continuous enhancement of the company ' s health, female health, reproduction, etc., in conjunction with the trapririn microballs in the clinical period.
In other areas, there are remorts, cd47 units of resistance and new vaccines. In the long run, companies are looking at new ladders that are reasonable, have greater market potential, and are expected to be an important supplement to growth hormones.
Keeping the "buy-in" rating. The company is a national growth hormone leader, a vaccine industry that is unique and is about to be listed independently, and a scarce whitehorse industry, a consumption-upgrading industry. 21 years of growth hormones are expected to contribute to higher performances and 100 grams of nose spray as the newcomers recover their rapid growth.
The scale of vaccine sales will be further expanded, the risk of other products, such as the gold racing recombinant ovarian, growth hormones, or increased competition for vaccines.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.