Large Power Robust. Semiconductor Insight Report (XIII) Investment Rating: Increase (first) 1. Description of market space and competition patterns in various areas at the front end of radio frequency and discussion of competitive cores.
2. The medium- and long-term dimensions of the layout, growth space and performance drivers of the successful microbusiness are measured by the data model to measure performance over the next three years.
1) Deep-farming front end of radio frequency, leading domestic companies.
Billion, net profit from motherhood is 718 million, and performance continues to be high. The 5g shift is taking place, the national product is being replaced, and the company is expected to improve further as the front end of the radio frequency.
10/201) 5g band increases, resulting in a huge incremental market and a promising front end of the radio frequency. The 4g cellular support frequency is close to 40. It is projected that at least 50 additional frequencies will be added to the 5g cellular support frequency and more than 91 frequency bands will be supported by the global 2g/3g/4g/5g network.
With regard to the number of radio frequency units, yole expects the global front-end market size to grow to $25.8 billion in 2025, comprising $2.1 billion for radio frequency switches, Lina.8 billion, US$ 5.1 billion for frequency filters and dual-processors, $17.7 billion for radio frequency modules, and 8 per cent for cagr between 2018 and 2025.
2) Monopoly of foreign giants, state-owned alternatives, opening up. skyworks, qorvo, Hightower, Botong, Murataki, monopolizes the front-end market of radio frequency, with a combined market share of about 87% and a low domestic self-sufficiency rate.
The giant monopoly has been broken, the antenna switch has become a corporate boxing product; the Lina market has been broken down by a relatively small share of about 1.30 per cent, and the company ' s Lina product has entered major mobile phone companies such as Samsung +hovm, with a steady increase in revenue; and saw has made small deliveries, and Fems are moving fast.
The company has completed product development and validation for gps, wifi, and multiple 4g bands to receive access to saw. The company's power amplifiers are designed primarily for ltetxm, ltemmmmmmb, lteband42pa and wifiac.
Fem's product, wifipa, is in the process of being certified. The URF front-end components are designed to achieve a radio front-end modelling strategy, reduce the technology gap, and have the power to participate in international competition in the field of the front-end of the UHF.
(b) The company saw, the front-end modules of various types of radio frequency are not as fast as expected;
1. Deep-dry field of the front end of the radio frequency 1. The front end of the domestic front end of the radio frequency is dedicated to the use of front end products.
On August 10, 2012, on June 18, 2019, the launch board was listed. In the field of deep-farming front end radio frequency, the company focused on research, development and marketing of the front end of the radio frequency chip.
Chip products include radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters, radio front end separation devices, and various radio frequency modules, and the object network chip product is a low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chip. Radio frequency switches are used to connect either or several of the multiple-circuit radio frequency signals through control logic to achieve this.
Switches of different signal paths, including the reception and launch switch, the switching of different frequency bands, etc., to achieve the purpose of sharing antennas and saving the cost of the end product. The main product categories include mobile communication guide switches, wifi switches, antenna modem switches, etc., which are widely applied to mobile smart terminals such as smartphones.
The role of radio frequency low noise amplifiers is to magnify the faint radio frequency signals received by the antenna, minimize the noise, and achieve better signals, better call quality and higher data transmission on mobile smart terminals. The company ' s low radio noise amplifiers products are divided into global satellite positioning systems (gps) depending on the applicable frequency.
Low-noise amplifiers, mobile communications signal low-noise amplifiers, television signals low-noise amplifiers, FM low-noise magnifiers. Widely applied to mobile smart terminals such as smartphones.
The function of a radio frequency filter is to retain signals in a given frequency band, filter signals out of a given frequency band, and thus raise the anti-intrusiveness of a high signal and the alms ratio. The company filter product is divided into gps filters for satellite location systems, wifi filters for the front end of a wireless connection system, filters for mobile communications.
Waves, etc., are mainly applied to mobile smart terminals such as smart phones. The radio front-end module is to make two or more separate devices, such as radio frequency switches, low-noise amplifiers, filters, double-workers, power amplifiers, etc., into one module, thereby increasing integration and performance and making the volume smaller.
Depending on the method of integration, it can be divided into different types of radio frequency front-end modules with different functions: difem: integrated radio frequency switches and filters lfem: integrated radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers and filters
Femid: Integrated radio frequency switches, filters and binoculars 4) pamid: IMC multi-frequency band pa and femid can now provide some of the radio frequency module products, mainly for mobile smart terminal products, 5g era
The challenge is how to deploy more radio frequency devices in the limited space of smartphones, the contradictions between limited smartphone space and the increasing number of radio frequency devices that drive the process of RF front-end modelling, the current trend of RF front-end modelling grouping, the low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chip that makes ble radio frequency transceivers, storage, cpu and related outer configurations.
A chip. The low-power bluetooth chip uses wireless connectivity to enable it to quickly access smart terminals like cell phones, flat boards, television, and to achieve data-sharing and smart control. The low-power bluetooth microcontrol chip is used mainly in areas such as mind-capable, wearable devices.
The authorization of ip means that companies provide third parties with radio frequency designs such as wifi, classic bluetooth and low-power bluetooth, and thus charge fees, which is a business model for light assets. 1.2 Equity structures are stable and management has a long-term perspective
The equity structure is stable. The company’s current equity structure is stable, with Xu Zhihan, Chenhuifeng (Von Xianghui) and zhuangtang (Tang Liang) as real controllers, with a combined shareholding of 48.24% of the company, with the first major shareholder being a co-investor without tin, holding 13.17%, holding a stock platform for the company’s employees, and effectively controlling Xu Zhihan.
The path to R & D, starting with R & D, does not imitate, does not imitate, does not imitate, and seeks positive breakthroughs. The company focuses on R & D and already has a number of core technologies in the field of radio frequency switches and low frequency noise amplifiers.
In addition, the largest customer, Samsung, restructured its products to reduce purchases, and corporate sales decreased. In 2019, smartphone sales recovered, the share of domestic customers increased, the sales of companies were fast-tracked, profitability was good, Māori rates, Roe was a leader in the industry.
In recent years, Māori sales have remained stable and net interest rates have risen steadily, mainly because of strong corporate practices, scale effects that have reduced cost rates, and corporate management capacities that have led to lower outcomes. The company’s direct sales model is dominated, and Māori is in the lead in the same industry.
R & D costs increased significantly in 2018 and 2019 compared to the previous year, mainly because companies increased their R & D inputs for existing R & D switches and low-noise amplifiers, and gradually deployed new products such as radio frequency filters and power amplifiers.
2.15g frequency band increases, radio front end industry prospects are high 5g, and radio front end market sizes are on the rise. With the spread of 4g, smartphone-supported frequencies are close to 40 by 2016, and it is projected that at least 50 new frequencies will be added to 5g cellular-supported frequencies worldwide.
The 2g/3g/4g/5g network combined will support more than 91 frequency bands. The frequency increase will result in a smartphone radio frequency (RF) metr of 8 per cent by 2025.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The market size of the radio frequency switch is on the increase, with the antenna-combating switch gaining momentum.
According to Yoledevelopment, from 2018 to 2025, the market size of stand-alone radio-frequency switches will increase from $1.1 billion to $2.1 billion. The average switch will increase from $600 million to $900 million and cagr to 5 per cent; the antenna switch will increase from $500 million to $1.2 billion and cagr to 13 per cent.
The demand for single radio frequency switches will also increase, with 15 single radio frequency switches for 5g mobile phones projected to be used, twice as much as for 4g mobile phones.
With regard to radio frequency lina, the market size of radio low noise amplifiers is projected to grow steadily from 2018 to 2025, the market size of stand-alone radio low noise amplifiers will be $300 million.
The dollar will grow to $800 million, and the capr will reach 16%. The number of radio-frequency elements in 5g mobile phones will increase significantly, with the number of radio-frequency bina on 5g mobile phones expected to reach 10, nearly double the number of 4g mobile phones.
With regard to radio frequency filters, according to yoledevelopment, from 2018 to 2025, the market size of separate radio frequency filters and dual-manufacturing devices will increase from approximately $3.1 billion to $5.1 billion, of which filters will increase from about $1.7 billion to $2.7 billion and cagr to 7 per cent;
Radio frequency filters (RF filters) are the most significant RIF front end-end components of smartphones, and it is expected that the number of VG single-air radio filters will reach 72 to 75, an increase of about 80 per cent over the 4g single-phone usage. 2.1.4 front-end arrays of RIFs will break down market size.
With regard to the radio front end module, according to yoledevelopment statistics and projections, the size of the radio frequency module market in 2018 reached $10.5 billion, or about 70 per cent of the total radio front end market capacity. By 2025, the radio frequency module market will reach $17.7 billion, or 8 per cent, of the cagr; and in 2018, the market for separation devices reached $4.5 billion, or approximately radio frequency.
30% of the total market capacity at the front end. By 2025, the market will be $8.1 billion, or 9%, of the market for separated devices.
2.2.1 The basics of the international giants are highly competitive and the majors monopolize the market. At present, the skyworks, qorvo, Botun and the village fields have a basic monopoly on the front-end markets, with low domestic self-sufficiency rates and a wide range of national production alternatives.
In the pa area, the skyworks account for about 43 per cent of the market share, qorvo and Botun each for 25 per cent, in the other saw filters the village area for about 50 per cent, in the tdk for 20 per cent, in the sun for 15 per cent and in the skyworks for 10 per cent;
In the area of baw filters, Botón had an exclusive market of 87 per cent, while in the area of switches and lna qorvo had a market of 35 per cent, in the field of skyworks 23 per cent and in the case of other manufacturers 26 per cent.
Bobon achieved $5,742 million in revenue in the second quarter of 2020, an increase of 4.08 per cent. The Māori rate was 73 per cent. qorvo earned $766 million, with a gross profit of $384 million and a Māori profit of 50.2 per cent, company products have entered the supply chain of companies such as Opo, vivo, Mi, and 21 per cent of the company ' s net revenue in 2019 came from mainland China.
2.2.2 Domestic enterprises are working to replace national production. Domestic firms are seeking breakthroughs in the area of disaggregation. A significant number of firms are now in the field of radio frequency.
In China, there are purple lights, middle-cohan skyscrapers, high-speed pits, suzhou semiconductors, national flyers, Quangzhou wisdom and electrons, etc., and in the area of switches, there are great victories in the country, hard-dicos, high-speed cores, and Weir shares.
At present, Chewie is the world's fifth largest radio-frequency operator, whose products have been applied to end-users such as Samsung, Mi, Hua, Vivo, Oppo, Unions, Moi, tcl, and the company's collage radio-frequency implementation method allows different series of radio-frequency switches to share the bottom of the production process.
There is room for breakthroughs. The market pattern of the global radio frequency lna is fragmented, and there is no single unique situation.
In 2019, Cheol Seung-sing collected 2551.8 million yuan from Radio-Float Lina, with a huge growth margin, the saw filter market was dominated by Japanese manufacturers, and the baw filter market was dominated by European and American manufacturers. The company has now deployed saw filters and completed gps, wifi and multiple 4g bands.
The RF-Saw product was developed and validated in 2018. The technical barriers to the RF-filter are high, and the alternative path to the country’s production is still long.
Late, very low levels of national production, but in a favourable environment with the rise of local mobile brands, the national production radio frequency (RF) pa is expected to break out of the big monopoly, and Dhul has now begun to deploy radio frequency (RF) pa, which is a substitute for domestic production.
Since 2015, radio frequency switches have been the company’s leading collection, and it is expected that the company will continue to expand its market share of radio frequency switches.
The world’s fifth largest radio-frequency switch is also in the field of radio frequency switches. The company currently provides radio-frequency switches to well-known mobile phone manufacturers such as Samsung, Mi, Hua, vivo, and Opo, and the volume of shipments is stable. With the advent of a 5g switch, demand for radio-frequency switches is expected to increase further.
Figure 28 Global radio frequency switch market patterns 3.2 RHF Lina product harvests have grown steadily, and RHF Lina has become a new performance growth point.
In 2019, 2551.8 million yuan was collected, an increase of 202.53 per cent over the previous year, of which 16,864.87 million was spent on radio frequency switches and on industrialization projects, mainly to upgrade existing product lines and purchase new materials.
The 5g technology has led to increased frequency bands and more difficult high frequency signal processing, and the performance of the radio front end device must be enhanced accordingly. The current global RF Lina market pattern is fragmented, with very small shares. As projects land and move forward, sales of RF Lina products are expected to increase further, and the product harvest will increase further.
The market share will increase accordingly.
The fund-raising is mainly for the development and industrialization of saw filters, pa, radio-frequency switches and lna. 4.1 Recruits to launch frequency filters, breaking the giant monopoly, radio-frequency filters, which are the main use of investment funds.
The project will design and develop the saw filter to form process technology, capacity and capacity to produce in a quantitative manner, using the saw filter as a breakout point to facilitate the process of substitution for the national product of the filter.
The radio frequency filter chip and module development and industrialization project was divided into two phases, one focusing on gpssaw, rxsaw, wlan filter, txsaw and double-engineering, and the second on rx and tx modules, with seven saw filter products to be developed.
The company raises 828.874 million yuan in net funds, and the RFID chip and module R & D projects amount to 25,499,000.18 million yuan, or 30.76 per cent.
The RFID chip and module development and industrialization projects were divided into two phases, one focusing on ltetxm, ltemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, HFp, wifiacfem, and two on 5gpam, 5gpamid, wifi axfem, to develop seven radio frequency amplifiers.
This targeted increase is not to exceed $30,553,700, net of distribution costs, and will be used entirely for projects such as high-end filters and 5g-based station radio frequency devices.
High-end filtration filters in layouts and cutting-edge technology. Currently, domestic manufacturers are able to achieve initial national production replacements on normal saw filters, but still lag behind foreign giants on high-end filters, with 5g not only increasing frequency bands, but also increasing the difficulty of signal processing, thus increasing the performance requirements of filters.
The project was mainly used to create a crystal-circle production line in collaboration with the faundry plant, with the aim of taking over the high-end filter market, replacing the national product of the booster filter, enhancing the competitiveness of companies and ensuring their sustainability.
The size of the radio frequency market for the base station is vast. It is estimated that there will be more than 13 million stations around the world. The number of the 5g base station will increase explosively in 2020 and 2021. The size of the radio frequency market for the base station will increase significantly, and the company will invest in the development of the 5g base station radio frequency device, which will help to quickly capture market shares and enhance the company ' s presence on the base.
Voice in the field of station radio frequency. 1) The market size of radio frequency switches is expected to be $13.53, 16.66,.1707 million in 2020-2022, with RIF (including TUNER) products at an average cost of 0.449, 0.452, 0.448, and 22.01, 27.38, 3142 million.
3) The Saw filter operation of Cheol Seung-sing is expected to yield revenues in 2022, the market model of the saw filter in 2022 is expected to be $3.330 billion, and the city of Cheol-sung is expected to account for 1 per cent. 5) The mobile phone pa operation is expected to generate revenues in 2022, and the market size of the cell phone pa in 2022 is projected
The sale of terminal equipment affected by the epidemic has declined more than expected; the company saw, the various radio front-end modules, has been less advanced than expected; and the radio front end devices, such as switches, lna, have been too competitive and the product has been reduced more than expected. Contacts: Super-Tron, 985 High School Electronics, seven years of experience in the mobile phone industry, three years of experience in high communications work, covering mainly consumer electronics.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.