National radio-frequency chip taps, promising prospects, domestic radio-frequency chip taps (300782.sz) with huge growth potential, with first-time coverage given to "buy-in" ratings.
The company is a domestic radio-frequency chip leader, a strong core technology, a market recognition for radio-frequency switches and lna, and binds downstream high-quality customers. With a promising radio-frequency chip, and a national alternative trend, the company invests more and expands the product layout, while upgrading the product, responding to the trend of radio-frequency modelling, it can grow in the future.
• The front end of the radio frequency market continues to grow, with 5g opening the industry ceiling and the global front end market growing rapidly, reaching $17 billion in 2019. 5g opening the industry ceiling, the volume of cellular radios increased significantly, and the value of 5g phones increased by 40% compared to the 4g front end of the radio frequency.
With 5g cellular loads on, it is expected that in the future the front end of the radio frequency will continue to grow at a high rate, amounting to $31.3 billion in 2023, and the demand for mobile smart terminals will rise significantly, along with a significant increase in the volume and speed of data transfer from mobile data, an increase in the demand for the front end of the radio frequency, a more pronounced trend towards the clustering of the front end of the radio frequency, and a forecast of the market size of the global radio frequency module.
From $15 billion in 2018 to $25.8 billion in 2025. Due to the difficulty of the radio frequency circuits, the front end of the entire market is now largely monopolized by US-Japan manufacturers, with 78% cr.
The company values R & D, the number of R & D spending and R & D personnel continues to increase, has a number of core technologies, and has developed a combination of R & D implementation methods, spearheading the lfcmos process to produce Lina. There is a stable supply chain and a high-quality customer system.
New lines, new radio frequency modules drive companies to grow. New products for Pa, catch up with global leaders. Change 5g, upgrades to old switches and lna technologies, while developing new products. Development upgrades to meet market demand in the field of layout iot. Development of higher-end filters and 5g-based station radio frequency devices.
The potential for corporate growth is enormous.1 The market at the front end of the radio frequency continues to grow, with 5g opening the industry ceiling for wireless communications, including antennas, front end of the radio frequency, radio frequency dispatches, basalband signal processors, with radio front end (radio)
The frequencyfrontend, rffe) module is located at the front end of the backbone chip in the wireless communications system and is a radio system with receivers and transmitters capable of transmitting, converting and processing radio frequency signals, and is a core component of mobile terminal communications. The antenna is primarily responsible for translating between radio frequency signals and electromagnetic signals, and the radio frequency chip is the primary.
The first end of the radio frequency is responsible for the interaction between the radio frequency signal and the base band signal (i.e., the interaction between the high frequency electromagnetic wave signal and the binary signal), and the front end of the radio frequency is responsible for magnifying and filtering the radio frequency signals received and launched.
Currently, mobile radio-frequency chips are integrated into the main chip, the antenna is designed as a separate module, and the front end of the frequency is divided into radio-frequency front end modules with a variety of different functions because of the difficulty of making different materials to integrate with the chip, and because of the variety of radio-frequency front end devices.
The front-end chips include radio frequency switches, radio frequency low noise magnifiers, radio frequency magnifiers, binoculars, radio frequency filters, etc. Radio frequency switches are used to achieve a switch between radio frequency signal reception and launch, between different frequency bands; radio frequency low noise magnification (lna) is used to achieve a reception channel; radio frequency power is activated.
Large instruments (pa) are used to achieve radio frequency signal magnification in the launch lanes; radio frequency filters are used to retain signals in a given frequency band while filtering signals outside a given frequency band; dual works are used to isolate the signal from the signal and ensure that it is received and launched on the same line as it is shared.
Figure 2: The RF front-end chip includes a number of products. The current RF chip process node trend is 0.13um and 65nm, usually one frequency band (or including the adjacent frequency band) corresponds to one chip unit (one chip unit can combine 100 transistors) and multiple frequency bands require multiple chip sheets.
As the frequency, mode, and bandwidth of mobile phone communications increases, today's radio-frequency chips need to support more than a dozen channels and meet high bandwidth, high resistance, and so on, so design is difficult. Radio-frequency circuit design requires longer learning curves and trial error processes, with higher barriers and more reliance on experience.
. The radio frequency is designed as a analogue circuit design, with a single chip transistor size level that is much smaller than the digital circuit chip, such as cpu, but because the core of the analogue circuit is the linear processing and transmission of the signal, i.e. the addition or subtraction of similar mathematical formulas to the signal source, such as the gain (multiplier), filtering (reduce) etc.
Chip manufacturing and encapsulation is a combination of a series of physical, chemical, thermal and other processes, each of which is stored at a minimum of error, leading to errors in the physical parameters of individual transistors (attachment, electrical resistance, etc.) and theoretical models that are difficult to measure and control accurately, so that radio frequency chips are stored even under the same batch of process conditions.
1.1 The rapid growth of the front end of the radio frequency (RF) and the rapid growth of the global front end market with a high market concentration are expected to remain high in the future.
Users' demand for web-based video communications, microblogging socialization, news and life services has risen, driving up the demand for mobile intelligence and terminals, thereby driving demand for radio front-end chips. According to qytreatyresearchcenter billions of dollars. With the impact of the commercialization of the 5g network, the global radio front-end market will come from 2020.
Rapid growth, with a projected global radio front end market size of 17% cagr from 2019 to 2023 and up from 2023, the global front end chip market is still largely monopolized by US-Japanese manufacturers due to the high difficulty of radio-frequency circuits. The design and manufacturing process in the front end of radio-frequency is complex and very high threshold, with major conventional large plants, mainly in Europe, America, Japan, etc., 2018
Cr5 is 81% a year, and our RF chip producers are still in the early stages, with limited market voice, and businesses have some products or bright spots, but the overall difference between the world's giants is significant, but it also reflects a huge growth space for nationally produced RF chips. In the context of trade frictions between China and the United States, the chips need to be produced dramatically, and the radio frequency chips need to increase dramatically.
Figure 3: The global front-end market is expected to grow faster. Figure 4: The global front-end chip market is still dominated by large foreign plants.
By product, according to qyredictronicsresearchcenter data, radio frequency filters, radio frequency magnifiers, radio frequency switches, radio frequency lownoise amplifiers and 8.78 per cent of global market shares in 2019 were 59.01 per cent, 18.68 per cent, 11.23 per cent and 8.78 per cent respectively.
The split device shares the entire front end of the radio frequency market with the radio frequency module, depending on whether or not a single component is split. According to yole development, the global radio frequency module market reached $10.5 billion in 2018, representing about 70 per cent of the total market capacity at the front end of the radio frequency, and will reach $17.7 billion in 2025, and cagr in 2018-2025.
8 per cent; the market size of the separated devices in 2018 reached $4.5 billion, representing about 30 per cent of the total RF front end market capacity, and will reach $8.1 billion in 2025 and 9 per cent in 2018-2025 cagr. Figure 6: The highest percentage of filters in the RF front end chips
Figure 7: The projected steady growth in the size of the global radio frequency separation device and the radio frequency module
The main types of radio frequency switches are: mobile communications conductors, wifi switches, antenna tune-in switches, etc., which are widely applied to mobile smart terminals such as smartphones. Radio frequency switches operate on the basis that when the control port of the radio frequency switch is combined with different voltage, the radio frequency switches are at various ends.
Ports will have different connections. For example, when the control port is combined with a positive voltage, connect port 1 to port 3 and connect port 2 to port 3; when the control port is added to the zero voltage, connect port 1 to port 3 and connect port 2 to port 3 to port 3
The global radio frequency switch market is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with Japan and the United States monopolizing the giants. According to qyrectronics, the global market reached $1.654 billion a year, it will reach $2,290 billion in 2020, and 16.55% with 5g in business. The RF switch market is more concentrated, with skyworks and qorvo accounting for 33%, respectively.
20%, or about 5%, of the country's top leaders. Figure 8: Switching of different signal paths by radio frequency switches. Low radio frequency noise amplifier (lna) functionality: mobile smart terminals as mobile communication technology changes.
Higher demands are placed on the quality of the signal reception, which requires a follow-up treatment of the signal that the antenna receives. A normal amplifier increases the signal while introducing noise, while a low radio frequency noise amplifier minimizes noise and is therefore widely used.
The working principle of the low radio frequency noise amplifier: the incoming radio frequency signal is converted into voltage by input matching network, by amplification of the voltage by amplifier, while minimizing the introduction of its own noise during the enlargement process and, at the latest, by output matching network into magnification of post-magnification power signal output.
The size of the lna market is expected to grow steadily, with foreign companies occupying a major share of the market. As 4g spread, the number of antennas and radio frequency connections in smartphones has increased, and demand for low radio noise amplifiers has grown rapidly, with global low radio noise amplifiers earning $1.421 billion in 2018, while commercialization of 5g will drive the world.
Figure 11: Inna is a magnification of the faintly weak radio frequency signals received from antenna connections
A radio front end module is a set of two or more separate devices, such as radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers, filters, binoculars, power amplifiers, etc., to become a module, thereby increasing integration and performance and making the size smaller. Depending on the method of integration, the radio front end module can be divided into different types of function, such as difem.
Modules such as IRF switches and filters, fem (integrated radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers and filters), femid (integrated radio frequency switches, filters and binoculars), pamid (integrated multi-frequency band pa and femid) are expected to grow steadily since 2020 as a result of changes in technology in 5g.
According to yoledevelopment statistics and projections, the power amplifier module/receipt module/wifi connection in 2018 amounts to 8 per cent/2 per cent/six per cent/year, respectively. The size of the antenna module market will be as high as 68 per cent from 2018.
1.2, 5g open the industry ceiling, radio frequency modelling is a trend that increases consumer demand for mobile smart terminals, as mobile smart terminals become more mobile and portable, while the amount and speed of data transfer of mobile data rises significantly, raising the requirements for the front end of the radio frequency.
According to data on development, global monthly traffic was 96 billion gb in 2016, with 13% of smartphone traffic and expected to reach 278 billion gb by 2021, with a significant increase in smartphone traffic to 33%. From 2g to 4g, the continuous increase in mobile data traffic and speed of transmission depends mainly on mobile connections.
Changes in communications technology, coupled with the increasing performance of radio front end chips, are increasingly demanding the compatibility of cellular communications. In order to improve the compatibility of smartphones with different communications, the number of radio front end chips in 4g compared to 2g and 3g shows a marked increase in individual smartphones with radio front end chips.
5g opens up the industry ceiling, cellular radio frequency (RF) volumes increase significantly, and the field of application of radio front end chips expands. In terms of cellular terminal singles, the 2g-era radio front end value is about $3.00.
In the 4g, about US$ 18 will rise to US$ 25 by the 5g, an increase of nearly 40%. 5g push the antenna to adjust the switch will require upscaling and demand expansion.
The overall efficiency of the antenna system has been reduced by the need to improve the ability of the antenna to receive signals from different frequency bands, compared to the general switch, and the high stress tolerance requirements of the antenna, coupled with the extremely high performance effects of conductive resistance and decomposition, which impose very high design and process requirements on the product. 4g mobile phones usually require 4-6 antennas, while 5g mobile phones
A minimum of 6 to 10 antennas are needed, corresponding to an appropriate increase in the demand of antenna turner. According to Yoledevelopment, the market size of antenna modulating switches will increase from $500 million in 2018 to $1.2 billion in 2025, with capr reaching 13%.
The future trend in radio-frequency chips is towards modularization. The 5g makes a higher demand for radio-frequency devices, first because mobile phones are gradually becoming thinner, leaving less room for the front end of radio-frequency, while the 5g supports more frequency bands, which means that more front-end devices have to be introduced, which makes the chip design and construction of radio-frequency modules more difficult, and so in the future.
It needs to be addressed by modularization, domestic front-end chips, constantly enriched and upgraded products, front-end chips, full product layout.
Cheuk Seung-sing, the leader of the national radio front-end chip, the national production radio-frequency switch and the lna, has gone from digital television to switch, lina, to the current layout of high-end filters. Since its inception in 2006, early attention has been focused on products such as digital television and mobile digital television chips, and since 2010 the development of radio-frequency front-end chips has gradually started.
In addition to sales operations, 1st gpslna volume in 2013, in 2014 in the field of radio frequency switches, to achieve the volume of mobile communications switches and wifi switches, the launch of the saw filter in 2018, towards the goal of achieving full product coverage of the RF front end chip, and the launch of the RF front end module product in 2019.
In addition, the company ' s operations include low-power bluetooth microcontrollers, radio frequency design pops for wifi, classic bluetooths and low-power bluetooths, and partial modem design ip, participation in 2017 and ownership of 15 per cent of mountain view shares to achieve technological and market synergies between the company ' s bluetooth chip and its share microcontrols.
Further deep into the area of low-capacity bluetooth microcontrolrs. Figure 18: Dwisspin experienced the development of high-end filters from digital television to switch, lna, to the current layout. Figure 19: Dwisspin gradually moved from radio frequency separation devices to radio frequency arrays.
The company has no controlling shareholders, and effectively controls Xu Zhihan, Chenhuifeng (Von Morning Fai) and zhuangtang (Tang Liang). The chairman, Xu Zhihan, invests in the company ' s 20.2% shareholdings through the employee holding platform, while the three are acting in concert, with 36.2% of the voting power of the company.
2.2. Sustained and steady growth in performance, rising net interest rates, and rapid growth in corporate revenue. Corporate operating income increased from $110 million in 2015 to $1.51 billion in 2019, with a further reduction in annual purchases of celsltelna, resulting in a decline in company sales to Samsung.
Three Stars have resumed imports of new products, and the main factors have been eliminated for the three Stars’ income decline, while companies continue to see a 100% increase in 100% over the same year, rising to 50 million yuan in 2019, and Cagr reached 159.3% in 2019.
In 2020, the q3 company returned to its mother’s net profit of $720 million, an increase of 122%. Radio frequency switches and low noise amplifiers are the company’s main product, and the company’s revenue comes mainly from outside the continent.
The company introduced new radio frequency module products in 2019, but large-scale production took a certain period of time to enter the market. The collection in 2019 was mainly from radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers, accounting for 79.9 per cent and 16.9 per cent, respectively. The company ' s main income was from Hong Kong and the overseas regions, with mainland China accounting for only 28.3 per cent of the revenue in 2019.
The company ' s Māori rate is relatively stable, net interest rates continue to rise, and the cost rate continues to decline during the period. The overall level of Māori ratio is higher owing to the rapid response of the company to the market ' s needs, the timeliness of products and the continuous upgrading of product lines and processes, although average unit prices for switches and low noise amplifiers are equal due to the trend towards product homogenization and strong market competition
There has been a downward trend, but the Māori rate has remained at over 50%. In 2019, the Chinese supplier certified it, with a formal mass of radio-frequency chips imported into China, with significant imports of high-māori products, such as antenna modulating switches, leading to an increase in the Māori rate of radio-frequency switches. Net interest rates rose rapidly from 2015 to 2015 as a result of a period of declining cost rates.
The rapid growth in corporate revenue and the decrease in sales and administrative costs associated with the scale effect. Figure 25: Corporate Maori rates are relatively stable and net interest rates continue to rise. Figure 26: Switching rates have slightly increased and low noise amplifiers have declined
Net interest rate — Māori ratio 3, Core competitiveness excellent, pitch-based radio frequency module with great growth potential of 3.1, Technology Lead + Quality Client Builds Strong Corporate Core Competitiveness
Companies have been actively engaged in R & D and innovation, with a strong technological lead. Corporate R & D spending has continued to rise, rising from 43 to 146 in 2019, and the number of R & D personnel has risen from 53 to 67%.
One of the first companies in the world to produce high-performance antenna adjuster chips using a 12-inch-65nmrsoi process crystal circle is one of the leading companies in the country to launch high-frequency and radio-frequency module products for 5g communications. As of 2020h1, the company had 63 patents, of which 62 (including the issuance of a domestic patent)
51 patents), 1 international patent (which is the invention patent) and 10 integrated circuit layout designs. Figure 28: Sustained increase in corporate R & D expenditure. Figure 29: Steady growth in the number of corporate R & D staff.
The company has a number of core technologies in switches and Lina, and it insists on autonomous R & D, a unique spelling integration process that has a shorter R & D cycle and allows for rapid production of products that respond to the demand for fast-paced electronics from downstream consumption. The company has taken the lead in the productization of low-frequency radiosmagnifiers based on the rfcmos process.
The design method can be divided into "Belthary general silicon crystal round production + later fib (focus on ion beams) metal rewiring." The cyclicality of the power utilization from sub-plant plants is significant, with high-end chips placed in order during the e-consumption season, easily affecting the scheduling of other orders, creating greater uncertainty as to the scheduling of the company's production products.
A common problem in the industry. But the company-specific process model actually solves the problem by producing a certain amount of lower-level generic silicon crystals (with a certain functional module) in a thin season, and then, when the customer needs it, the metal rewiring process, because it does not need to involve the silicon base, is cost-effective, efficient and fast enough to make the crystal round short.
Companies have a wealth of expertise. Technology teams, with their founders at their core, are highly skilled and experienced in product development, both domestically and internationally.
The company has a stable supply chain and a high-quality customer system. The company, as a chip designer, is not directly involved in the manufacture of chips such as crystal circle production, sealing, etc., and in order to ensure good product rates and supply capacity, it works closely and stablely with top global crystal circle manufacturers, chip sealers, including towerjazz,
The company, by virtue of its R&D and quality advantages, has built up good brand knowledge and a wealth of customer resources at home and abroad, with radio-frequency front-end chips, which are used mainly for products of well-known smart terminal manufacturers such as Samsung, Huaieng, Mi, vivo, and Opo.
With regard to the response chain, through the size advantages created by a large number of orders, companies have developed stronger bargaining power in working with foreign suppliers to further reduce production costs. 3.2. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The company works actively on layout filters and other radio-frequency front-end components, including pa, as well as on modularization, to create a fully applied platform and open up new space for the company to grow. For radio-frequency filter products, the company will undertake design research and development, develop process technology, capacity and capacity to produce in terms of production lines built in collaboration with chip sealers and achieve the company's radio-frequency filtering.
The company will complete the development of a single RFpa chip or module and realize the volume, thereby expanding the company’s market area and perfecting the company’s industrial layout in the field of the RF front-end chip. The company is planning to raise up to 54 million shares and raise up to $3.06 billion for the HF filter core.
The project to develop radio frequency filters covering high, medium, and low frequency bands and 5g base station radio frequency unit product lines will be formed by the production process of high-end filtration filters and 5g base station radio frequency devices, which will be co-delivered with Foundry.
The importance of the RF filter is more evident than ever. The RF filter is the smartest, the most valuable element in the front end of a cell phone, which requires multiple frequency bands.
(5g/4g/3g/2g) while also processing wifi/bt/gps signals, with different telecommunication working frequency bands, requiring multiple filters to be used in the receiving and receiving chain to avoid signal interference. The primary use of RF filters is to retain signals in a given frequency band and filter signals outside a given frequency.
Filters can be divided into lc filters, cavity filters, acoustic filters, media filters, etc. Different filters apply to different applications. In cellular wireless communication applications, smartphones currently use small volume-high acoustic filters, which are not structured according to structure, due to the small size and power of the equipment.
The same can be divided into sound surface (saw) filters and body sound (baw) filters. The saw is a filter feature made from the physical properties of rock crystals, voltage ceramics, etc., using their voltage effects and acoustic surface waves. After entering the signal, the input ender converts the electrical energy.
Sound, sound surface waves, and the output end changer converts the received sound surface wave into electrical output, thus completing the filter wave; when the baw receives the sound wave signal, the metal embedded on the top of the peacock, on both sides of the base, excites the sound wave so that it bounces from the top surface to the bottom to form a stationary sound wave that is filtered through the flow of the stationed sound wave.
The market size of filters is expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with foreign manufacturers monopolizing it. As the 5g frequency increases, the use of filters will increase significantly, with 4g mobile filters using 40 and 5g 60, according to qorvo data.
The $2.13 billion increase to $8.361 billion, or 56 per cent of the front end of the radio frequency, and the technology expected to reach market size in 2023 has matured and patent barriers have been constructed, creating supply monopolies for several international producers, such as murata, tdk and solar induction.
Figure 32: Saw market is largely monopolized by foreign manufacturers and will gradually increase its market share in the future. Saw filters apply to low frequency bands, baw filters apply to high frequency bands, 2g/3g/4g era, saw filters dominate the radio frequency filter market with lower cost advantages.
Most of the market share of the RF filter market. The 5g era will lead to an increase in the baw filter market penetration, which is expected to account for 61 per cent of the market share of the RF filter market by 2022.
Figure 33: Future baw market penetration is expected to increase gradually The company ' s ipo fund-raising and the development of additional projects are investing heavily in radio-frequency filters. The company ' s ipo invests $466 million in filter projects, while the proposed increase is followed by an additional $2.27 billion in filter projects, which shows that companies are interested in them.
The company currently produces saw filter products such as gps filters, wifi filters, filters for mobile communications, and officially introduces the difem, lfem, etc. saw filter module. We believe that although the vast majority of the market for filters is now monopolized by overseas manufacturers, Chewie is very autonomous.
First, China-United States trade frictions have accelerated the process of nationalization of chips, while 5g mobile phones have become widely available, communications frequency, communication routes have increased, filter demand has increased, mobile phone manufacturers have cost pressures, medium- and low-end machines are expected to lead
Second, the high-end radio filters developed by the company, targeting clients mainly domestic and foreign mobile smart terminal manufacturers, are largely consistent with the client groups of the public domain with low-frequency noise amplifiers, radio frequency switches, and saw filters.
The accumulation of household resources has helped to reduce the cost of client development for the project. Third, the company ' s firm ' s commitment to building its own production line, in partnership with Foundry, is an important initiative to achieve technological and quantitative capacity for high-end filter products, because, on the one hand, the filter design and manufacturing process are closely aligned.
Turn off, minor changes such as process parameters will greatly affect the performance of filters, and self-built production lines will allow companies to develop, construct and combine production, reduce the time needed for products to be marketed, increase production capacity and reduce costs; on the other hand, most of the top-end filter market leading manufacturers use the Idm model, and the Foundry proxy companies do not have enough markets.
Space and power drive the upgrading process, while high-end filters are high-end technological products that have been associated with the development of state-of-the-art communication technologies in recent years, have advanced crystal circle processes and processes in the hands of the international head Idm enterprise, and have not yet reached sufficiently mature levels of surrogate manufacturing processes.
3.2.2. Develop new products for Pa, catch up with global taps. Radio frequency amplifiers assume the power-magnification function for cellular transmission signals, which is the weight of the front end of the radio frequency module. According to qyredictsresearchcenter, 2011-2018, global radio frequency.
The size of the power amplifier market has grown from $2,533 million to $3,105 million, representing 20.82 per cent of the front end of the radio frequency, with unique processes and high technical thresholds and mastered by foreign manufacturers, so that the market is currently dominated by idm giants, with the top three manufacturers, qorvo, broadcom, together accounting for 86 per cent of the market share.
Figure 34: Pa assumes a power-magnification function for cellular transmissions. Figure 35: Pa market, 86%cr. Overall market, due to the difficulty of designing radio frequency amplifiers and the late start-up of domestic chip manufacturers.
The rate is still low. Although there is a shortage of domestic manufacturers in the field of radio frequency modelling for high-end mobile phones, domestic manufacturers have achieved initial national substitution in 2g-4g and wifi products with mature production chains
As the 5g single machine increases the amount of pa, radio frequency modeling is a future trend. As the 5g pushes, the frequency increase requires more radio frequency components, the increase in the number of radio front end devices has led to increased pressure in the pcb space of the mobile phone and increased process difficulty. According to the strategyanalytics, the 5g cell phone antenna may be integrated with the signal sender, multiple pa will be required to form the launch.
In addition, the high integration of several large modules, such as pa, filters, antenna switches, and lna, in the future, is industry-based, due to the trend of thinning, the need for a 5g antenna to secure a signal, and the crowding of space across the screen.
The development of Pa has helped companies to refine the front end of radio frequency product lines and provide integrated modules to form a new growth point for the future. 255 million yuan has been invested in the Druze micropa project for the first phase of product technology development, testing and production of ltetxm, ltemmmmmmmmb, lteband42pa and wwifiacfem, which will be completed in the second phase.
Research and development, testing, and production of products such as wifiaxfem. The company, in collaboration with the sealing plant, is building production lines to achieve a level of production that meets the needs of its clients for customization, integration, high performance, high complexity pa. pa is largely consistent with the public domain’s existing customer group for radio frequency switch products and can therefore make full use of the company’s existing customer resources.
Through the project, the company will develop a design capability for the development of Pa, and, based on the radio frequency low-noise amplifiers and radio frequency switch products available to the public, will provide integrated pa-modules adapted to the high-end demand of 5g mobile phones, contributing to the growth of the company.
The rapid pace of technological upgrading of radio-frequency front-end products is typical of the radio-frequency equipment industry, and companies need to keep their products up to date to meet market demand.
The company proposes to develop four radio frequencies for radio frequency switches and na products from the current main industry, in order to fit the 5g upgrade.
Turn off products, two radio frequency low-noise amplifiers products, mainly for mobile smart terminal equipment, and expand the scope of products and maintain the company’s leading position in the market. Companies will upgrade existing product lines, improve product performance, and meet changes in market demand.
The exhibition presents new growth opportunities for the radio frequency device industry, while also presenting new challenges for the RF device design industry: a significant increase in the number of frequency bands that require support for the radio frequency front end devices; increased difficulties in high frequency signal processing and a significant increase in the system performance requirements for radio frequency devices; and the gradual diffusion of wave polymerization and mimo technology applications for each radio frequency device.
In response to the rapid changes described above, the company will upgrade its general switch performance to meet the needs of different beacons; develop radio frequency switches, radio frequency lownoise amplifiers, multitenant radio frequency switch modules to be applied to millimetre wave frequencies for high frequency requirements of 5g communications; and match the application needs of carrier wave polymers and mimo.
Further, the company will update the production material, which is currently the main source of the common integrated circuit chip, but is limited to material properties that are difficult to apply to high frequency/high pressure/high power applications.
Silicon, which naturally has such characteristics as a restricted bandwidth, a high cut-off frequency, and a high power density, can better meet the performance needs of radio frequency devices and its applications in the field of radio frequency are expanding in scale and application. The company will invest in the development of high-performance low-frequency radionoise amplifiers using the arsenic and silicon processes to better meet the needs of its customers.
The company is a national leader in technology research and development in products such as radio frequency switches, radio low noise amplifiers, and has established mature product research and development teams. These rich technological reserves make the project more technology-ready.
The future development of products is more relevant to the company’s existing products, and the company’s existing direct sales of customer resources and distributor channels provide a guarantee for the sale of new products, which can grow over time.
3.2.4. Conceptivitymcu in the layout of the iot, research and development for upgrading to meet market demand The realization of the material networking technology requires continuous and efficient sensing of the various physical objects involved and the integration of dispersed data through the Internet for the creation of intelligent data analysis, so small efficiency terminal sections
Point interconnection is the basis for the realization of the technology. Currently, microcontrolr chips are an important part of the network in the areas of smart cars, ready-to-use, automated controls, consumer-type electronics, etc., and have become the basic technology of the electronics industry that can support increased application, development potential, emerging market areas, and competition patterns.
According to Gartner's projections, the number of global connectivity devices will reach 26 billion in 2020, and the size of the network market will reach 1.9 trillion yuan. The ihs estimate that the microcontrolr chip market will grow faster for connection cars, wearable electronics, building automation and other related material networking applications.
In 2019, the global market reached $2.8 billion. The global development of networking technology has been relatively short-lived and is a new market area. In recent years, a large number of technology firms have looked at the potential development of the networked industry and have designed key links in industrial chains, such as end chips, web platforms, vertical applications, etc., through mergers and acquisitions, cooperation, research and development inputs, etc.
Market competition in the area of networking is increasing, and the pattern of industrial competition is still in the process of changing. Depending on the distance of communication, wireless communication technologies for the Internet are divided mainly into short-distance communication technologies and rpwan (low-powerwide-areawork, low-capacity wide area networks).
Short-range connectivity technologies, such as bluetooth, have evolved over the past 10 years and have been widely applied with relatively high industrial maturity. Wide area network (WAN) Communications technologies have developed rapidly in recent years and will be extensive in the future in the areas of utilities and industrial goods networking.
The first low-power bluetooth microcontrolr chip was officially launched in the year, and many networked microcontrollators have been provided with products such as wifi, bluetooth core radio frequency, including displays, national technology, and cypress. To take full advantage of the development opportunities in the wide area network market, companies have invested $176 million in the development of low-power network microcontrolr chips.
Products that enrich the system of product chips of the company logo, expand the application of the product, and increase the company’s market share in the field of the network. Product research and development in the direction of the company’s network is mainly low-power bluetooth microcontrol chips and low-power content network micro-controls.
The company will build on the existing low-power, bluetooth micro-controlr chip products and undertake product performance upgrades and research and development of new products to meet the diverse needs of multiple applications of networked technology. In this environment, the networked industry has broad market prospects, competition patterns are not yet stable, and opportunities are abundant.
Building on the accumulation of existing radio frequency technologies, the Division, through the development of an industrial chain of microcontrolr chip product cut-in networks, will help to pre-empt beneficial positions in the networked industrial ecosystem, increase market share and achieve corporate performance.
Wireless signal transmission between ends. In the 3g/4g communications age, the base station consisted of independent antennas (sky feeds), rru (radio frequency units) and bbu (baseband units). The 5g base station transformed the sourceless antenna and rru (radio frequency single elements) into an integrated active antenna (aau) and split the bbu into acu (distribution units) and du (centralized).
Unit. Unlike the low cost, small size, low power consumption required by a mobile terminal radio frequency device, high performance, high reliability, and high stability are key factors considered in the practical application of the base station radio frequency device, resulting in a fundamental difference in the selection of the base station radio frequency device for design, process and material and the mobile terminal radio frequency device.
Figure 41: 3g/4g base station consists of independent antennas, rru, bbu. Figure 42:5g base station consists of aau, cu, du. 3g/4g base station general structure.
The traffic surge and operational complexity brought about by the 5g age telecommunications base structure is unprecedented in the 1g-4g age, and communications technology has brought new developments in the infrastructure of the telecommunications base station to promote the need for additional radio frequency devices.
Embb (enhanced mobile broadband), urllc (high reliability, zero-time delay application), mmtc (everything in the 5g era) will lead to explosive flow growth. On the one hand, the large antenna arrays required for the macro-based station, mimo, will offer great growth opportunities for the radio frequency market, while on the other hand, the indoors will be the main application of 5g, and the interior will be small.
The base station will be a “blind-up” effect on the coverage of the macrostations, which will be built in the next few years as a necessary means of increasing depth coverage and capacity. The upgrade of the existing macrostations and the intensive layout of the small base stations will drive the large-scale construction of the telecommunications base, which has a huge growth space in the radio frequency market and its market size.
The supply of radio frequency (RF) devices at the base station of domestic manufacturers is still far from being available to international manufacturers. It could have been raised to an extremely urgent level on the basis of the impact of international trade through a process of progress and gradual closing of the gap.
It will be inevitable that domestic manufacturers urgently need to strengthen their investment in technology research and development to break through the barriers of the crystal circle manufacturing process, upgrade the mainstream technology, and increase the national production of the 5g base station radio frequency devices. In this context, the company proposes to invest $1.64 billion in high frequency, high performance, high power, complex applications.
Radio frequency devices for the 5g base station. The construction plan for the company ' s project is in two phases, the first three years prior to the project and the second four and five years prior to the project ' s construction. The main tasks of the two phases include: (a) the design and development of communications base products suitable for the 5g band; and (b) the establishment of a process platform for products, including new materials and new workers.
The company has developed a stable cooperation mechanism with top global crystal manufacturers, with good brand recognition, knowledge and wealth of customer resources, and with base station radio-frequency device clients and the company’s existing mobile end-user groups.
According to techweb, the market share of the base station was 30% in 2017, 14% in the center, 3% in the star, and the market share of the company’s current customers in the base station together was close to 50%. These advantages provided the basis for the successful implementation of the project, and companies could further cover more diversified end markets and applications after success in the future.
A differentiated product layout, enabling companies to grow in the future.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals Key assumptions: shorter smartphone replacement cycles, assuming business progress is normal in the next 5g; companies are on the move
There is a successful increase in the share of customers, oppo, vivo, millet, etc., and national production replacements are continuing; new products, saw filters, antenna switches, radio frequency pa, modules, etc., are continuously being released. The company is a domestic RF chip tap, the core technology is strong, the radio frequency switch and the lna are recognized in the market.
Quality clients are tied downstream. With the prospect of a high-quality RF chip, the trend towards national production substitution, companies are investing more, expanding their products, leading the RF chip industry, with a certain degree of scarcity, giving a certain value premium, covering for the first time a “buy-in” rating, a low consumer electronic view, less profitable than expected, and increased competition in the industry.