Two factors boosted profits and land was approved for release on 22/04/2022 \triangleright
The red river is bright, and the air fleet in Guangdong province is unmasked: 1q22, the nuclear power plant operated by the company \triangleright completes its power generation of 49,059 million kilowatt-hours, an increase of 1.25 per cent over the same period; it completes its access to 4.62 billion kilowatt-hours
In January-February 2022, the electricity supply in Guangdong Province increased by 3.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis, down from the national average of 1.8 pct, and the demand for electricity fell significantly; it fell by 44.3 per cent as a result of the suspension and repair of the Taiwan 1 machine, but it fell by 44.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The total power generated by the company ' s internal fleet and the total on-line power supply decreased by only 2.3 per cent and 2.0 per cent, respectively, and the cost fell, the return on investment increased and the profits increased: 1q22, the company ' s electricity price increased, the electricity generated \triangleright
The main sector has seen an increase in revenue, while the main reason for the total revenue is essentially the same as 1q21, or the size of operations such as high-cost, low-māori construction, etc., has been reduced by $546 million on a year-on-year basis.
In the light of the brightness of the Red River, investment returns have increased by $147 million in one season. Two factors have pushed corporate profits up by $810 million in the same year, up 18.5 per cent, exceeding the growth rate of operating income by 18.3 pct. The construction project is proceeding steadily, and the country regularly approves three issues of Lu Fong: on 20 April, Prime Minister Li Keqiang launched the call.
\triangleright holds the State Council Standing Meeting and approves six nuclear power units, including Land Fung III. Of these, the company holds the sum of 1. China Guangnu (003816.sz) annual review: Taiwan
U.S. nuclear power generation Hpr 1000, U.S. nuclear power generation 3x3 will be used, U.S. electricity will be delivered to the U.S. Sun II, U.S. Sun II, N. 1+1 will be used, and N.U.S. nuclear power generation 3+1 will be used in phase 2 with cap1000.
At the end of 2021, the Land Fung Project had invested $20,433 million, and the daily impairment of assets was in danger of being lost. In addition, Ningde III, the company's shareholdings.
The third phase of the Hualong I project has been submitted for approval, and the storage and development of the following site is expected to continue. Investment proposal: q1 market exchange prices have increased, but electricity growth has slowed in Guangdong Province and \triangleright \triangleright
Flight 1 has been shut down, and the company’s revenue has remained almost at the same level as last year; it has benefited from lower costs and higher returns on investment, resulting in higher profits. This ap1000 project has been released, and the company’s profits are expected to return to life in the first phase of its life, with a risk of a loss in the value of assets invested in the previous period.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.