The 2024 report says: "Photo-35a, look at my country."
Research assistant Gaozheng-tae, who was able to effectively overcome the impact of external factors such as the progress of contract signing, the pace of supply support, etc.: Shenfeng China achieved business income of $42,837 million in 2024, a year-on-year decline.
The impact of fluctuations in the procurement cycle, some of which resulted in slower revenue recognition due to late delivery of orders. However, net profit growth was significantly higher than revenue collection, owing to the following factors: first, the release of profits from military price-pricing reform; space; and a 3.2-28.4 percentage point increase in the Māori ratio of corporate air defence equipment compared to the previous year; and second, the increase in gross domestic product.
The cost rate decreased by 0.8 percentage points during the period, and the efficiency of management was optimized; third, non-recurrent gains and losses contributed approximately $21.3 million, mainly from government subsidies and asset disposal gains.
In spite of external pressures, such as supply-side constraints, companies have ensured the pace of delivery of core products by optimizing supply chain management and promoting such in-house measures as profit production. Focusing on the area of air defence equipment, a series of models, such as Dao-35a, were surprised at the Pearl Sea exhibition:
In 2024, the company made several key technological breakthroughs in the area of air defence equipment. New warplane complexes were designed lightly and quantitatively using titanium alloy 3d printing technology, with a 40% increase in material utilization; A type of warplane system was upgraded from national production to break the technical blockade.
With regard to air operations, the company has been successful in developing new composite materials for the c919 large passenger wing hooding, with 15% reduction in product weight while meeting airworthiness standards. In the area of aviation maintenance, the country’s first digital-based aircraft repair forecasting platform was set up, raising the rate of accuracy of failure diagnosis to 92%.
The company led the development of a digital delivery standard for aviation equipment to facilitate the integration of industrial chain data.  Successful implementation of a restricted equity incentive plan (second phase): company completed its share in 2024.
Incentives project II, with 127 core technicians assigned restricted shares and one step in the process of equipping high-end talent.
In addition, companies are added to the list of countries that receive support for high-quality manufacturing development, with a specific subsidy of $230 million for smart workers.
Construction of plants. In the face of price fluctuations in raw materials, the company secures production stability by establishing strategic alliances with upstream suppliers, " Shen Flying in China (600,760): mid-2024, locking in the supply of key materials.
•  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance meets market expectations, taking into account that the company's business is still on the top three financial forecast tables
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.