Reverse growth highlights resilience, strategic deployment force #15 — Chinese air flight assessment report, 31st of 03, 2025.
The lower income is due mainly to external factors, such as delays in contracting contracts and the pace of supply support. The net return benefits are optimized to reflect the company’s ability to control the cost of the entire industry chain as the main plant.
The rate of 3.2 per cent, a slight decline of 0.5 pct over the same year, is generally stable. Hu Ho Ho, by section, Shen Fei earns 41,340 million (youy-8.8 per cent) and net profit 3,336 million.
New composite materials/ titanium alloys were created in the year to enhance the industrial chain layout.
It is proposed to raise an additional $4.2 billion for capacity-building projects such as the recovery of 300-percent performance charts, titanium alloys and aircraft maintenance, which will increase the production of air defence equipment for the company.
Capacity-building, enhancement of air defence equipment maintenance capabilities, and vertical extension of the industrial chain. 2025 linked transactions are stable, and air chain orders are slowing at an incremental rate: in 2024, companies allocated demand matching and structural adjustments to related parties, and main machine orders slowing at an incremental rate.
Table 2: Corporate Financial Forecast Tables. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
First in the military industry and fourth in the New Wealth Corps in 2015. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.