Network integration is less cyclical, more growth driven from within and outside the country Investment rating: buy-in (first time) cyclical attributes will weaken: the network of operations is the key to research, and it constitutes a deep and wide-ranging form of care.
Urban rivers, in turn, impose development requirements, allowing four networks to reduce the cyclical attributes of corporate performance, building a business network of time-bound operations, and demanding priority cards for planning design experience, management and implementation capacity and resources. As a result, companies are structured through operating networks.
Barriers are hard to replicate or be overtaken. The high time frame and the small size of the package bind the network, leading to heavy investment in network resources, long management chains, and difficult to keep pace of input, and therefore volatile corporate performance.
In addition to focusing on short-term drops, what is more important is that future investment can be reduced and that space for healthy performance and growth has opened: companies have initially completed the entire logistics supply chain, covering the sea.
An internal and external market-wide capability layout that will help companies maintain medium- and high-growth growth. Looking back at the company's expansion history, base-based capacity expansion has been more successful.
Household resources, business expansion are highly likely to be successful.
The share of operating costs outsourced increased from 5 per cent in 2013 to 63 per cent in 2020; the total cost savings of “4net accommodation” in 2021 amounted to approximately $670 million, with a greater long-term value; and the information system upgrade enabling management and decision-making, with an automated transit area accounting for approximately 85.4 per cent.
● Investment proposal: Continuous improvement in performance is imminent, growth space is open, the bottom of the current valuation of the Department of Disposal is more objectively reflected in the value of the company using segment valuations, which are dominated by segment valuations
D. Time-out for express delivery of business value. “Four-net accommodation” is not as good as expected; labour costs are rising; macroeconomic growth is slowing; business growth is not as long as expected: increased price competition: the epidemic continues to affect business operations: rising oil prices, etc.
The main features of this report are two: on the one hand, the analytical perspective is more unique. On the other hand, the analysis of the barriers to prosperity and the reasons why performance in the past has been shifting back and forth between economies of scale and uneconomics of scale: on the other hand, from...
Second, there is a sharper investment perspective. Based on an understanding of the characteristics of a smooth operating network and the meaning of “four-line accommodation”, the “cyclical attributes” of a smooth performance are about to weaken, and companies will move into areas of continuous improvement in performance.
In the first place, the operational network features are both high barriers and lead to performance cyclical performance. Fulfilling network barriers.
Deep, high-intrusion, and difficult to manage. Being constrained by the high time frame and the small size of the package, this report begins with two dimensions from the planning and design of the operating network, explaining how to build a “quick and good” operating network, and by contrasting it with the traffic, it is a very complex set of capabilities.
Systemic capabilities are difficult to replicate or exceed. At the same time, they lead to a heavy investment of resources; they complement the long management chain from the dimensions of the direct organization approach, and they are difficult to manage. Since the volume of items in the past did not grow linearly and steadily, business decisions in the commercial world are often guided by linear thinking.
Second, the expansion of basic capabilities has been more successful, and the long strategic layout opens up medium-term growth space, and the company will continue to grow at a high medium rate. From the perspective of whether the new business plates are based on the company’s basic capabilities, the report finds that successful new businesses are basically extended from the express capacity and then developed.
One exception is cold transport, which starts out of basic capacity but does not grow as expected, and then returns to the base, which expands rapidly into industry first. Moreover, the supply chain capabilities that companies would otherwise be weak but obtained through mergers and acquisitions have gradually been internalized into the basic capabilities of companies through several years of integration.
Afterward, the company’s basic capabilities, such as couriers, provide an initial network and customer resources for overseas expansion. According to the company’s past, based on its basic capabilities, the success of its new business has been expanded, and the company’s operations, such as international couriers, have a high probability of success.
Logistics networks, customer resources, technology, and so on. On the basis of the 2021 Carri Logistics Round Table (actually only q4), we estimate that corporate revenue is expected to break by $380 billion by 2024, year after year, and again, we judge that the company is about to move into a period of continuous improvement in its performance.
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s cyclical attributes will continue to weaken, leading to a period of continuous improvement in performance. Based on an understanding of the network’s characteristics, unlike the “filling” model and the “slow-separation” model, “four-line accommodation”
It is a comprehensive, original and long-term adaptation of the network, with the core objective of increasing resource utilization and reducing the cyclical attributes of corporate performance by integrating a “net” of resources used efficiently, in addition to the short-term downfall value, which is more important in the future by significantly shortening the climb period for new capacity utilization.
Finally, we believe that a higher valuation premium should be given to industries that have strong and scarce basic business barriers, that are generally in medium- and high-speed growth zones, where profits are expected to improve continuously, and where performance cycle attributes are weakened. Looking back at the company's estimations and perceptions of the growth path of the company, there are differences.
As noted above, we believe that corporate performance will continue to improve, that growth space has been opened and relatively clear, and that there is no need to worry too much about company performance and growth space. If the 2023 performance estimates are used, the current market value reflects only the company’s prescription courier business.
The year 2022 will be the cornerstone of a healthy and sustainable growth of the company, and the expansion of its operations, both within and outside the country, will lead the company to move from a good firm to a great one.
Two hundred and twenty-two billion dollars, the number one Asian, the fourth largest integrated logistics service provider in the world. The completion of the acquisition of Garith in September 2021 meant that the company had initially completed the entire logistics supply chain, covering the whole market, both within and outside the country. We believe that the company will have two very important events in the coming years: first, major integrations and customers.
The core is operating network optimization and organizational effectiveness, building a resource-efficient “one network”, streamlining a “shift of people” with strong synergies, and strengthening the cornerstone of the company's continued healthy development. Second, both in-country and off-shore business development has a strong “double punch” against the background of industry-wide efficiency gains.
“Good and fast” is known as “good and fast” and an important participant in the upgrading of efficiency across the industry. Second, the rise of the country is accelerating, the capacity of the big countries and the export of products, and the need for a large country's logistics infrastructure, as the country's leading logistics provider.
The present report sets out the basis on which the company will be able to deliver on these two major events, taking into account the changes in valuation and investment since the company's listing, in terms of the smooth moat, the smooth expansion and the efficiency gains.
A smooth moat: brand image, network resources and a powerfully constructed moat, we believe that the three elements of brand image, network resources and business ability constitute a smooth moat, three.
The moat is solid like the three tops of the triangle. Chart 1 is a smooth moat. 1.1 brand image: good and fast slogans that secure the user's mind.
A comfortable, good and fast brand image has been firmly embedded in the user's mind in the area of time-bound expressive delivery, and the acquisition of such brand power and enhancement of high-quality services derived from product positioning and continuous upgrading at the mid-to-high end.
Efficient response to demand, etc., providing fast, safe, timely and high-quality services. According to the results of the satisfaction survey and time-bound testing published by the National Statistical Office, 13 "Cash Delivery Corporate Overall Satisfaction" series (NSB first published satisfaction survey in 2009 and cumulatively 13 published by 2021), 9 "all-time" links
On top of its outstanding performance in the area of the statute of limitations, the fast and good brand image has been strengthened, and the user's mind in the area of the prescription express is firmly entrenched.
Figure 3 Shorter duration of time and continuous upgrading of services 1.2 Global network resources: triple barriers are strong, difficult to replicate, more difficult to go beyond the global basic network resources of Skynet+Landnet+Info, with pre-positions that are difficult to catch up with
The advantages are mainly in the following three ways: first, a smooth network is well-funded. Rebuilding a basic network that is comparable to that of a symbiosis, which requires a huge amount of input that each courier logistics company cannot afford in the short term; and, second, a symmetrical network.
(c) Third, there are capacity barriers to a smooth network. In the freight market, the volume of goods and freight resources are mutually reinforcing and mutually reinforcing.
Bilateral relations of constraint exist objectively, without shifting the will of the human person. Mutual reinforcement is demonstrated by the scale of the impact of the lift, which increases the efficiency of the use of freight resources, and by the fact that the acquisition of freight resources is the most important guarantee of the growth of the volume of goods.
The capacity ceiling for freight resources, in turn, reduces client experience and causes loss. Maximizes the dynamic matching of the volume of cargo and the input of freight resources, and captures the pace of resource input, both scientific and artistic.
As of June 2022, the number of fully-run cargo aircraft was 70, representing about 40.5 per cent of the country’s total cargo fleet, the largest air cargo fleet in the country. By the end of 2021, the company’s dispersed resources covered 2114 domestic lines and 8,800 international routes.
In the last two years, to further improve product competitiveness, add to the impact of the new crown outbreak, companies have increased the pace of acquisition of air-time resources, which increased from 140 to 2019.
As of 2020 and 2021, it will increase to 220 pairs and 267 pairs.
Figure 5 is the largest owner of domestic air cargo, with 35.5 per cent of the volume.
1) With regard to the transport network, the number of dry feeder trucks operated by the land transport network exceeded 95,000, the number of domestic transport routes exceeded 130,000, and the number of end-side pick-up vehicles exceeded 90,000.
There are also 203 international class lines, covering 31 international and regional areas, with 81,000 teu in 2021 for the handling of containers; the maritime network has some 20,000 lines, reaching more than 1,000 ports, covering 177 countries and regions, and shipping shipments exceeding 300,000 teu in 2021.
2) With regard to transit sites, as of 2021, a total of 324 express transit stations were operated in Shunfung, of which 26 in the hubs, 37 in the air and railway stations and 261 in the sector; 118 in the pipeline, of which 40 in the hub and 78 in the sector.
3) As of 2021, there were more than 21,000 self-service sites in the Shun Fong country, and more than 168,000 at the end of the country (including urban stations, rural co-ops, etc.). Over 420,000 people received: over 300,000 nests, covering more than 180,000 communities and serving nearly 400 million consumers; over 20,000 offshore self-employed and cooperative networks.
4. In the area of warehousing, 2,119 warehouses are operated, covering more than 10 million square metres of land. Food seats (more than 3.3 million square metres) are available; 157 co-operative warehouses cover 2.32 million square metres of land.5 In addition, there are a large number of logistics estates, logistics centres and other key site resources, with major divisions located in the main sector.
China and South-East Asia have a total land area of about 15,313 acres and a total construction area of 9.94 million square metres, of which 9850 acres have been built (5.55 million square metres) and 5,463 acres (4.39 million square metres) in 2022 and beyond.
Finally, the Information Network, a fully developed and autonomous platform of smart networks, is based on a specific business and logistics landscape that allows the interconnection of logistics-wide information and relies on the “smart brain” for science-based decision-making aimed at data-driven science, technology-led logistics, while ensuring the efficient functioning of existing operations.
Large-scale investment in science and technology, which has accumulated 17.2 billion yuan between 2017 and 2021, with 12.5 billion yuan in research and development. Large-scale investment in science and technology is an important guarantee for the continuous improvement of the “information network” and a source of solutions for the largest integrated logistics service provider in the country.
The strategic transformation of the Data Technology Services Corporation (DSTS), the necessary “capital” spending and the necessary “test-and-fault costs.” Figure 9 has invested $3.65 billion in R & D in 2021, leading the industry. Figure 8 has invested substantially in technology, rising to $4.9 billion in 2021.
1.3 Excellence in business: Healthy growth, core guarantees of continuous self-determining. Excellence in business is a sound response to a business crisis, a solid foundation for business and a nuclear guarantee of continuous self-determining, with four main core competencies, namely, operational capacity, market capability, organizational capacity and resilience.
(b) Organizational capacity, based on the principle of equality of rights and liabilities, to guarantee decision-making implementation and achievement of objectives, and to ensure that between the top and the bottom levels, headquarters and the company are able to achieve business outreach objectives;
Synergy between the zones of operations; resilience and resilience have undergone many major changes in the market environment since their creation, and, despite some successes and failures, have so far been able to grow into the largest and fourth largest integrated logistics service provider in Asia, with an effective response running through the adjustment of a smooth development orientation and business strategy.
1.3.1 Operating capacity: complex system capabilities, the foundation of a moating river. Operating capacity consists mainly of planning and implementation capacity. Its core mission is to guarantee the quality of services that are available when easy products reach the point of maturity and when they are face-to-face.
In a rich and diverse fast environment, there are prescriptions and service standards, compared with other delivery logistics companies that are relatively simple in terms of volume and weight.
Comfortable business scenes and operational difficulties are increasing exponentially. Thus, smooth operating capacity involves multiple scenarios, multiple links, multiple standards, a system capacity that requires long-term accumulation and significant input. 1) Planning capacity, mainly in the areas of site planning, class planning, route planning and route planning.
First, site planning. This includes transit site planning and site planning, the core of which is to address the issue of site capacity planning and site selection.
The logic of node planning is similar to that of node planning, but the number of pieces of node is relatively simple and adjusted according to established criteria. The question of location is the second core issue to be resolved in site planning, as the location of the site directly affects the distance of transport, which is the time limit.
In simple terms, the more detailed the site, the more routes, the more demanding the distance to the route. The decision-making factors for the accessible site planning vary widely from those that are essentially electrical (when very few product content) and are not subject to strict time limits, so that the focus is on capacity planning and the location requirements are compared.
Second, class planning. The class is composed of starting hours (the first time at the site) + the latest time until the end of the bus + the time at the latest (the latest time at the time of the car plus the time of the transit operation). Normally, there is a space before the class is available, so when site planning is completed, the total number of classes is planned according to the size of the site and the location of the site function.
For example, there are about 6-7 shifts in first-line cities (some of which will be larger), about 2-3 shifts in four-line cities, and about 3 shifts in the hub, while about 5-8 shifts in the bulk. The bridging plan is similar to the smoothest one, but due to the non-rescriptive nature of the scheme, it is usually a major shift of about 12 hours.
Third, line planning. In general terms, the line is a trajectories that link the transport to the place through which it is transported, consisting of the place of origin coding + the destination site + the time when it is dispatched. Similar to the plan of the class, it is a line that has a space before it has a corresponding route. It needs to be emphasized that the time of the line is different from the time of the class. First of all, the time of the trip is the point of time.
Classes are time-frames: second, given that the number of classes varies from one site to another and the number of classes in each site is subject to the statute of limitations, the route must be shipped earlier than or equal to the end of the class in order to avoid conflicts between classes in different locations and thus ensure that the statute of limitations is met. This requires a smooth flow of traffic to the point of delivery, at the expense of loading.
The speed of rapid and stable prescriptions, which vary from non-rescription to mostly reloading, is the fourth, route planning, which is a collection of fasts moving in time and space, and route planning which can be understood as no.
Specific combinations between the same class and different lines, such as 13 points from a place to c place is a route, and 15 points from a place to b place to c point, is a route. As noted earlier, route planning is required to meet time-bound commitments, with different product-specific time-bound commitments, so when choosing route routes, it is necessary to make clear whether the route is accompanied by the corresponding product.
Wuhan, the fast product commitment period is the same day, the slow product commitment period is the next day, the slow product commitment period is the same as in the Shenzhen Trail, a route is the same route is the same day, special fast products and slow products are the same route, b route is the next day, and slow product is the same time. At this point, the special fast package issued by this class has to choose a route to meet the fast package commitment requirement, otherwise the prescription period is the same.
Delays; slow products can be either a route or b route because a and b route are accompanied by slow products and both meet time-bound commitments.
(2) Enforcement capacity, i.e. the ability to ensure that the rules are applied. In the operations sector, the two departments are mainly in transit management and end-of-pipe management, which are responsible for organizing personnel, equipment, developing on-site operating processes and operating codes, and ensuring that operational rules are implemented efficiently.
. Terminal management, responsible for the operation of the network and receiving of the personnel, organizing the distribution and ensuring the receipt and dispatch of timely responses. For example, a smooth receiving officer must deliver the fast copy to the client within two hours of the arrival of the fast delivery point.
Time limits, fewer fields of operation to cover, and high frequency (HF) distribution (HF) requirements for receiving staff, which allows them to stay in the same area for longer periods of time, while also ensuring the speed of the response.
The speed of response is much shorter than that of the harvest. Moreover, the skill requirements of the harvesters are significantly higher than that of the harvesters, especially when it comes to the return scene, and the smooth harvesters are required to check first whether the refunds are consistent in size, colour, style, etc., whether the medals are removed, whether the goods are damaged, etc.
In summary, smooth operating capacity is a system capacity that guarantees the efficient operation of time-limited products, is the core guarantee that Fung has long occupied the heights of time-limited areas, and is the basis for smooth operations to protect the river. With the rapid growth in the volume of traffic, it can also be reduced by increasing the frequency of traffic.
So, theoretically, there is the possibility of doing "quick" . But, in practice, this does not constitute a sufficient condition for reaching a time limit that can be challenged. As noted earlier, the point-to-point vehicle is a systematic capability involving multi-point capabilities, which can be pulled across the body. If it is to be fully expanded, the operating rules behind it are required.
Overall alignment and implementation is extremely difficult and costly. This is also the root cause of the introduction of the statute of limitations product over the years, which has not had a substantial impact on the operation.
It's difficult, it's resource-intensive, and straight camping and association can be called two business models, but the organizational dimension is very important in the business of "carrying boxes" in a web-based courier.
Direct camp management leads to more smooth management and more difficult management. The network delivery operations consist mainly of the four links of receipt (collecting), transit (transit), transport (transport, transport of the main and feeder lines), dispatch (dispatch). In the organization, there are both similarities and differences in traffic. The same links are in transit and main routes.
All are on a straight-line basis; the difference is between receiving, sending two-end and feeder transport links, operating on a straight-line basis, and joining systems. This leads to a much larger number of well-managed links and the size of the people who manage them, and also means that they are much more difficult to manage than Tonto.
Different organizational approaches apply drying separate tracks, which in and of themselves do not make any difference. Direct camping applies dry, rapid response, high quality of service, complex business scenes, high operational skills: federated systems apply to areas with high cost sensitivity, fast network start-up, simple business scenes, low operational skills.
To be comfortable, since all the links are within the management of the company, it is possible to ensure strict enforcement of standards and norms and stability of services, which is a prerequisite for a statute of limitations, but it also means a huge amount of capital expenditure and high management costs.
In the event of failure, management tools available at Headquarters to allieds are very limited, often through fines, but the use of alliances can significantly reduce the investment of resources and reduce the difficulty of management.
The cost of smooth management is much higher than that of Tonto, under a straight-line structure of figure 21. While there is no high or low-quality organizational approach, it is difficult to replicate the corresponding managerial capacity under different organizational approaches.
It is difficult to catch up during the period. Thus, the accumulation of organizational capacity over the years under a straight-line system can be seen as a first-market capacity and resilience that constitutes a barrier to smoothness, as reflected in the expansion and adjustment of smooth operations, which are not separately described in the present report, as detailed in parts II and III of the present report.
Two smooth expansionary forces: expansion based on basic capabilities has been more successful, and long-range strategic layout companies have continued to grow at high rates. 2.1 expansion history and logic: a red line, two approaches.
(a) The initial phase of the first phase, from its inception in 1993 to 2002, addressed, inter alia, the question of the survival of enterprises, the initial establishment of corporate structures and basic networks, and the almost complete transition from a unionist to a straight-up system.
The second phase of rapid development, from 2002 to 2010, with clear and high-level middle- and high-end positioning, responded to SARS events, turned into opportunities, gained rapid development and established good markets, and the third phase of strategic exploration, from 2010 to 2015, with the rise of platform power suppliers and fast-paced power suppliers.
Rapid rush, in response to market changes, has been attempted mainly in two areas: on the one hand, the development of a zero-seller business, the attempt to match the “market flow” capacity: on the other hand, the development of an economic express service, the attempt to capture the growth opportunities of a fast-strength supplier. This phase has largely made it clear that it is in its area of competence that expansion is a more secure development.
The strategic positioning of independent third-party integrated logistics service providers is gradually being developed. The fourth phase of diversification, from 2015 to the present, has been firmly embedded in the logistics supply chain, with a variety of operations, such as express, cold, fast, city-to-city, supply chain, and international.
In the 2020 financial statement, the shift to a “data technology service firm committed to becoming an independent third-party industry solution” did not change its position in the field of logistics supply chains from the point of view of business development. Currently, the company’s major strategic layout is almost complete, and it has the initial capacity to connect the logistics supply chain.
Figure 23 reviews the history of development, and major strategic configurations are almost complete.
In 2003, the high level should explore the retail trade of electric power suppliers Domestic: maintain logistics supply
For SARS, sign the chain area, rely on the express delivery base and base network.
Air charter services, reduced to full capacity, completely outpaced aircraft, and completed in 2009
Scope of capacity Business layout, building logistics Supply chain-wide capacity
Phase I: start-up phase II: rapid development phase
Phase III: Strategic exploration - Phase IV: Development of diversity - (2002-2010)
Network coverage mainly in Pearl International: exploring international operations • Network expansion across the country
Triangular area, location of small medium- and high-end objects.
In 2021, they acquired carrieds, initially served the world, and gradually established independent third.
To Shenzhen • Establishment of a good market reputation • Major strategic layouts are almost complete
A business start-up, looking at the company's development history, we observe that there's a “red line, two lines of thought” behind business expansion, which determines the course of business. In it, the “red line” determines the final fate of the business, and the “mainline” determines the outreach section of the business.
“Red wire” means that companies cannot be expected to incur unrecoverable losses, or that they are exposed to significant wind risks. “Two ideas, one centred on the company’s basic capabilities, and the other on the strategic direction of service companies.
In 2010, with the launch of the Como-e Business Circle, the retailing of electricity businesses began, with a strong expansion of the electricity vendor's retail nuclear business movement, the Community Retail Shop - "Hey-Hot" - launched in 2014. The logic that dominates the development of the "hung-ho" is that business is a channel for logistics, without looking at the objective presence of logistics as a service to the business.
In 2014 and 2015, the company ' s electricity merchant retail business caused a total loss of $1.48 billion, of which $870 million was lost on its operating income of $1.26 billion in the first nine months of 2015. During the same period, the company ' s main business, such as express delivery, earned a net profit of $1.97 billion on its revenue of $47.3 billion in 2015.
As a result, in September 2015, the company stripped it off. After that, the company’s electricity merchants did not invest so much in retail business and had not been prepared for some time in their attempt to combine it with cold transport.
After that, it faded out. Currently, part of the electricity merchant retail business is still in place in the whole congenial associated ecology, but it is largely out of the market.
A slightly exploratory period to help companies realize, at an overall manageable cost, that business expansion needs to be built on their own capacity base, and that it would be wiser to move to related areas.
First, it expands essentially within basic capabilities. A typical example of this expansion is express delivery, which penetrates more customers to lower prices by refining the product matrix. For example, the division of economic services does not go through prices many times in 2014, 2018 and 2019. The expansion of this service is largely based on the expansion of the product matrix.
Within the company’s basic capacity, the greatest benefit of such operations is that companies can be flexible about the pace of expansion based on changes in the market, so as to be able to accommodate themselves. In other words, when figure 27 shows that 2 – that is, size – is not economical, the company can suspend the pace of business expansion and pull 2 back to 1 again by digesting additional capacity over a certain period of time.
Second, the expansion of the strategic direction that serves the company. Such expansion is often based on the company’s already existing basic capabilities, the extension of more service lines/scenes, or through the M&As Short Packing. For example, the supply chain solutions industry.
One of the company’s core directions for the future is to extend further to the storage management and programme design loops, as shown in figure 27. The greatest benefits of this type of business can be to open up further the growth space of the company, but programme and warehousing operations management capacity will be built up over a long period of time, constraining the company.
Thus, firms speed up their ability to make up by receiving and buying, such as acquiring China’s summer business in 2018, China’s dhl business in 2019, and Gary’s logistics in 2021. Billions of dollars, of which the time-limit revenue was $9.616 billion, or 46.4% of the total operating income; and the economy’s express delivery business revenue.
Revenues from the fast-moving operation amounted to $23.25 billion, or 11.2 per cent of total revenue; revenue from the cold and pharmaceutical operations amounted to $7.80 billion, or 3.8 per cent of total operating income; revenue from the emergency delivery industry amounted to $5.00 billion, or 2.4 per cent of total operating income; and income from the supply chain and international operations amounted to $39.2 billion, or 3.8 per cent of total operating income.
Figure 28,2021 shows a combined share of about 62% of express goods, with a combined share of about 38% of outgoings being the cornerstone of the company’s development, and the ability to operate by courier being the company’s most important foundational capacity. The early expansion of the company was the adoption of a strategy of penetration from high to low prices, within the capacity of the express delivery base, cutting.
The company's three-time entry into the company's market has led to high growth, but it has also created incentives and pressures. Therefore, each expansion of the company's express delivery business will take time to absorb the performance pressure caused by the expansion.
The roots of this are the characteristics of the logistics operating network that companies have built to make prescriptions. Based on an understanding of the company’s prescription networks (see section III of part I of this report for details) and the expansion history of the company’s express services, we believe that the company’s timeliness networks are both a barrier and a “challenge” and a “four-line accommodation” (for details, see the present report).
Part III) is an effective attempt to reduce the constraints on the company's business development posed by this “difficult situation.” 1) The first move to the electric power company resulted in significant fluctuations in its performance. 2013 was the third year that the volume of couriers grew by more than 50%, with the company expanding for the first time, starting in November 2013, at a six-fold discount price of the standard package.
The implementation of the strategy has been in place, mainly in 2014. The company ' s revenue from its economic courier operations in 2014 began in 2015 with the company ' s intention to control the growth rate of its economic operations, and the rate of Maori from its fast-moving logistics operations recovered year by year to year 2017, when the rate of Maori from its fast-moving logistics operations recovered to 20.0 per cent and net interest rates from non-repatriate rates recovered.
2) The second advance in electricity and electricity, under pressure of performance, is an urgent “brake.” In the first half of 2018, the company’s expansion would create a year-round pressure on profits. Thus, 2018h2 is properly controlled over the economy’s courier operations.
Despite the variety of reasons, we believe that the root cause is the company’s express delivery network, which is strongly bound by the two variables of timeliness and volume, and that companies have not yet found effective ways to increase the network’s “flexibility.” Figure 30 Economic Express’s revenue growth and speedier logistics rates
Figure 29: The volume of express delivery in 2011 began to increase by more than 50%. 3) The third advance was successful, benefiting from the mode of operation adjustment. In January-April 2019, the business of the Department was reduced to less than 7%, and it faced greater growth pressure. To break out of the growth bottlenecks, the company reached 2019.
In May of this year, the PET was launched as the company's third power provider. In contrast to the two previous cases, the company increased its product sink, targeting a target group of $5-10 per ticket, with an average daily delivery of 1,000 tickets to the supplier's customer. This position was very successful. On the one hand, the company's business volume was successful.
A sustained acceleration of growth began in May 2019, reaching almost 60 per cent of the single-month growth in business volume in December 2019; another is a decline of nearly 19 per cent in the average monthly ticket income, from $23.3 in 2018 to $21.9 in 2019, with a similar increase of 5.7 per cent, while the rate of Maori in the fast-moving logistics business was only minimal.
In other words, the reasons for success are to be found in the features of the express delivery network. By adjusting the operating process, the “filling” allows empty resources to be used.
With input, the efficiency of resource use is significantly improved. This is the first successful attempt by companies to increase network flexibility, but the bottom colour of the network remains the same. 4) The basic features of the network remain unchanged.
The continuing high rate of growth in the annual economy express service (income in 2020 was 64 per cent, income in 2021 was 5 per cent) and the current express service is a time-limited two-wheel drive pattern of the economy ' s fast, fast-track and fast-carrying products. By the end of 2021, it had generated $128.4 billion in revenue.
Of this amount, $96.16 billion (+7.3% of the same year) is time-limited and $32.27 billion (+54.7% of the same year) in the economy. Taking into account the characteristics of the company's express service and the tone of “sustainable health development.” We believe that 2022 will be the year of the company's “introduction” and that the company will spend more in the second half of the year to balance the goals of growth and a more rational product structure.
In addition, there is a higher proportion of consumer goods than 45% of consumer goods, and a better increase in supplies for mothers and children, personal cosmetics, alcohol, etc.; services are provided to workers.
We believe that the drivers of the above-mentioned growth will continue to be maintained. A series of initiatives, such as the Postal Authority ' s data guide, with more than 150 billion couriers in 2025, and the restructuring of corporate organizations, are expected to achieve better results on a continuous basis, and the prescription of couriers are expected to continue to be close.
The two-digit growth rate, the low base of the economy’s Express business, and the ability to achieve a higher average increase than that of the industry. The smooth delivery business is a natural extension of the express delivery business, which builds on the basic capacity of the express delivery network.
1) Full reliance on express delivery networks early on. As more customers serve the company, there is a greater variety of scenes and types of sender demand.
Brand distributors. Depending on the timeliness, heavy cargo transport products can be classified into two types of products, namely, heavy cargo fast shipments, which are mainly aimed at high-time requirements, and direct transport guarantees through airports, while heavy cargo transport products, which are based on a single-load service, guarantee the stability of the time frame by means of fixed-point rotations.
This is the precursor of the smooth and fast delivery, and business development is fully dependent on the express delivery network. 2) It is gradually moving to independent financing and dual brand faceers. In 2015, the company officially launched its fast-carrying product:
In March 2018, the acquisition of holdings in the new state of Guangdong logistics, the creation of a soft-minded Jedda brand, and the launch of the fast-moving assembly network to infiltrate customers in the waist with a higher quality. So, the smooth-flowing fast-carrying operation is complemented by a direct camp and a network of allies. In December 2018, as the size of the operation continues to grow, it is better to facilitate the fast-carrying operation.
In July 2019, a new phase was launched for two brands, “Sufficient Express” and “Swift-to-Do” clients. 3) Fast Transport is based on the ability to grow by express delivery, and the company has made a successful leap to the big one.
From the early stages, full reliance on the express delivery network was explored, until the network became operational after December 2018, and the four-line system began in 2021, and the operation was never entirely independent of the express delivery network. Relying on large network resources and easy branding, the high-end location of the express delivery business was better continued, with the medium-high-end "sweet Express" expected to contribute to the fast delivery operation.
About 85% of the revenue, supplemented by the branded "Spirited Cada" to expand middle-back business. With two-wheel drive, the company's fast-moving business has gained high-speed growth of 64.0% since its official launch in 2015. The fast-carrying industry is the company's ability to incubate, based on its own basic capabilities, within the "transport" and "receipt" links.
Jumping to big success while at the same time laying a solid foundation for supply chain business development. (4) The smooth and fast-carrying business income sector is the first and the bulk of the industry is the second. The smooth and fast-carrying business is developing at a fast pace through a number of upgrades of products and services and a continuous expansion of the service landscape.
It is also a measure of volume, and smooth and fast transport operations are in the lead in the country’s zero-load-detailed track. According to the combined think tank, based on actual data from 2020, China’s zero-weight 30th Company, published in 2021, ranked first, and second in volume.
Figure 36 “Two brands” driven by smooth and fast transport operations, covering the full kilogram.
Large cross-border: 21kg cross-border, large warehouse allocation: applicable warehouse distribution City distribution: 200 km
Home mover, delivery, shop-to-house furniture home and electric customer.
Heavy cargo allowance: full kilogram load: 130kg large cross-border: fba and sea
Figure 37 is the first of China's zero-paying revenues in 2020.
Revenues, large shipments of more than 30 kg are not accounted for 5) The drivers of fast-moving industry development are numerous, and opportunities for smooth and fast-moving operations far outweigh the challenges. In the context of the manufacturing age of pipeline change and industrial upgrading, the b2b supply chain is stronger for integrated and timely zero-load services
There are the following drivers: first, in the context of an era of more regulated platform economic development, the viability of multiplatforms operated by commercials has improved, but the management of stocks in different power platforms by commercials has become more difficult and the demand for timely responses and high-quality zero-load transport has increased; and, second, full channels and channels have been flattened and traditional distributions have increased.
The business model of a small part of the logistics is not able to respond to the high demand for liquidity to the country and to drive a more fully covered zero load. Third, the manufacturing sector is moving in the direction of c2m, the supply chain displays a smaller volume, higher frequency, shorter cycle, and the demand for zero load speed services. Fourth, everywhere.
Specialized products go up low-line urban processing and local specialty agricultural products are sold throughout the country, which is also the driving force behind no less. Moreover, the transport of large b2c commodities is, and will continue to be, driving the fast-track development. In addition, regional zero-load and exclusive subsistence environments are deteriorating, and industries are rapidly integrated and have a strong operational base.
The growth of the industry is both an opportunity and a challenge, but it is far more than a challenge. 6) There is much room for the development of web-based fast-moving operations. According to the Irene consultancy, the country's zero-load market is in total by 2020.
With the size of 1,492 billion yuan, the market size of the fast-moving network is 91 billion yuan, with a zero-weight market penetration rate of 6.1 per cent.
The fast-moving business will resume its rapid development for the following reasons:1 In terms of maintaining the dimensions of the fast-moving network, which are substantially comparable to the speed of growth in the fast-moving network industry, the company ' s fast-carrying operations are made more accessible in the internal network, and the product ' s competitiveness will be enhanced by a flexible price adjustment strategy that allows the company to secure both the company ' s services.
Healthy and sustainable development, and keeping the market in place. According to the Irel consultancy, the industry was projected to grow by 28.6%, and it was estimated that the company’s fast-moving operations would have the space to develop at a high rate.2 From the point of view of maintaining the basic stability of market share (income caliber), the fast-carrying network has been able to break down the track.
The combined market share of the top five firms was 55.9 per cent higher than that of the top five firms in the United States zero-weight market, which was 22.8 per cent higher than that of the United States Fedex, which was 16.9 per cent higher, if the company could still maintain it in 2025, and if we had a zero-weighted industry in our country, there would be greater scope for development.
However, the size of the zero-weight industry in the United States was about $50.8 billion in 2021, which is the same size as the Irene Consulting predicts our fast-moving network in 2025. So, in our view, a fast-carrying network pattern compares the medium- and short-term zero-load industry pattern with that of the United States.
Figure 41 Comparison of China-United States zero-weight industry patterns (China-wide zero-weight industry dimensions) 2.4 Cold transport and pharmaceutical operations: the market environment is improving and is expected to sustain high- and medium-speed growth
To some extent, smooth and cold transport was selected for service. Although the cold transport business is also concerned with warehousing, transportation, and distribution, the cold transport business demands the various links.
In September 2014, the company officially launched its “sweet and cold” brand to provide one-stop supply chain solution services for the raw food industry.
As a result, the real driver of the company's cold-transport business is not the easy choice, but the delivery of raw food, such as big gate crabs and timed fruit, which is essentially back within the basic capacity of the smooth delivery operation, which, on the basis of the general express delivery operation, has increased refrigerants, upgraded packaging, less professional transport of refrigeration vehicles, and
Complex cold-store construction, growing rapidly to the top of the industry. In August 2018, Hsien Fung completed the acquisition of China’s operations in Xia Yu, laying out the cold-chain supply chain operations (starting off supply chain operations in 2019).
The competitive environment was poor, there were many irregularities in the industry, and the smooth and cold movement was fully compliant, and it was in a competitive position that was relatively disadvantaged, leading to excess cold-storage resources, a more slow development of the pharmaceutical business before the outbreak in 2019, and rapid growth driven by the epidemic.
Demand is firmly in the hands of pharmaceutical suppliers, and it is very difficult to expand the operation. The company’s medicine freezer is being managed in a stable and stable area, and after the outbreak of the new crown, it has grown to take over the transportation of the new crown vaccine.
The cold transport sector consists mainly of food, cold transport, and medicine. The cold transport sector is mainly dominated by raw-food suppliers and upstream chains involved in cold transport.
The growth of raw-food suppliers leads to the development of cold-transport city distribution operations and cold-cargo delivery operations, which involve upstream (e.g., agricultural batches) such as frozen products, vegetables and high-end fruit, leading to such business developments as cold-loading and cold-rolling vehicles.
The size of the industry in 2021 amounted to $428.5 billion and the industry grew by about 12 per cent, measuring the size of the pharmaceutical cold transport industry at about $23.2 billion, the size of the industry at $428.5 billion in 442021 and the size of the industry at $23.2 billion in 452021, or 24 per cent.
2. The environment for the development of the cold transport sector is improving, and companies are expected to stay above the growth level of the industry as a whole. Current demand for cold transport products is increasing, and food safety regulations are improving.
The share of China ' s cold-ship 100-year earnings has risen from 9.2 per cent in 2016 to 18.1 per cent each year. Moreover, the rate of cold-transport revenue growth in the 100-year-olds has continued to be significantly higher than in the industry for nearly four years, and we judge that market patterns will continue to improve.
First, as a bottom line for the operation of smooth cold transport operations, which used to be less cost-competitive because of strict compliance, the ability to keep the company cooling operations up at a consistently higher rate than the industry 2.5 cosmopolitans: an increase in local o2o penetration and private area traffic
Camp, which drives the immediate deployment of independent third parties, will continue to grow at a high rate with the city’s logistics services market, consisting of three components, namely, combage, combage freight and instant distribution, which has been fully covered by three scenarios. The bus service with the city is transferred and distributed by the express delivery network, which leads to an early delivery operation.
By building on its basic capacity for smooth and smooth delivery, the operation has grown and expanded, adding to its capacity to operate in the same city’s freight-services market with the introduction of urban distribution services. The development of smooth and combustible cities has proved once again that business expansion is an informed and effective option based on basic capacity.
Along with the Quick Transport operation, the Qing Fong-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-Tom-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, and-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, and-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, to-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, has-To-To-To-To-To, has-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, and-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, and-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To, and-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To
Delivery provides flexibility to meet the demand for part of the day-to-day peaks and the power vendor’s promotional peaks, and to counter-feed delivery operations. So Shunfong is a very successful business expansion that has proved once again to be an effective expansion strategy based on basic capabilities that gradually widens the scope of operations.
1. Shun Fong is the largest independent third-party distribution service provider in the country and can be divided into two main categories: distribution and services. Looking back at the development history of Shun Fong, an early business department of the company, started corporateization in June 2019, and was successfully marketed in Hong Kong in December 2021.
A third-party immediate distribution service provider can be divided into distribution and service categories for Shunfong-Soon-Soon-Sun, which is mentioned in this report in addition to the last kilometre of services.1 The distribution category is mainly b2c, covering three types of catering, co-city retail and near-field electricity vendors.
The distribution of the catering excursion scene is mature, and the target customers of the scene, mainly chains of restaurants with higher demands for quality and stability of service, such as tea, etc., are gradually gaining ground in this area through stationary cyclists, etc., benefiting from online and offline integration with city retail and near power malls.
The demand for the scenery is growing faster, and the difference is mainly between the type of goods to be distributed, which is dominated by green flowers, cake desserts and other daily department stores, such as rainbows, and the type of products that are less frequently consumed, such as 3cs, jewellery, footwear, etc., which are often consumed, such as millet.
The service type 2 is dominated by c2c requirements, with a small number of b2b requirements.
Figure 48 Types and scenes of urgent delivery services in the city of Shunfong. “Full foods”, launched in the city of Shunfong in 2020, is still in the early stages of model exploration, with a smaller volume of business, and (2) the city of Shunfong is dominated by Tob distribution.
In 2021, the co-city ' s share of income from emergency operations was more than $5 billion (excluding the last kilometre of services), an increase of 59.1 per cent over the same period, which, in terms of income composition, despite a decline in the share of income from tob distribution services as a result of the high rate of growth in the Toc errand industry, was still the majority, up to 2021.
Figure 50b2c provides 76 per cent of the income from distribution services, as there are other services, in addition to the last kilometer of services, which are available on line 3. The process of sub-line integration accelerates development under the driving forces of the epidemic, driving the growth of the local consumer market.
It is believed that the diversity of catering, comb retail, and near-field power vendors will continue to drive the development of the co-city emergency sector. According to Irey’s consulting estimates, local co-consumption growth will be 5.0% between 2016 and 2020, rising to 36.5 trillion yuan in 2025.
Chart 522025, the number of instantaneous annual orders is expected to reach 79.5 billion (4)) private area traffic operations are conducive to the immediate development of an independent third party.
The annual increase of 3 billion to 16.3 billion in 2025, with a 40.1 per cent annual compound growth rate, is currently the largest independent third-party immediate distribution service provider in the country's market, taking into account, inter alia, the advantages of the network effect in the area of instantaneous distribution and operational management experience, which will continue to grow at a relatively high rate in the coming years.
Figure 532025, third-party instantaneous orders are expected to reach $16.3 billion
Supply chains and international operations are the most important strategic direction that companies have pursued in recent years. They are central to decision-making that will bring together the entire logistics supply chain and serve the capacity of the whole market, both within and outside the country. Economic couriers, express and cold operations are essentially natural extensions based on the company’s original capabilities, and core services are still transported and distributed within the country.
Supply chain operations carry the objective of expanding to both warehousing operations management and programmes, and are a new phase in which companies fully understand their industries and thereby contribute to greater efficiency across society. International operations need to build a strong network capacity abroad to export the company’s capabilities abroad, enabling China’s brand to move more efficiently abroad.
Markets. Supply chains and international operations can be said to be solutions to corporate growth and to move from excellence to the great and necessary steps. Data disclosure starting in October, combining the company's original supply chain operations, former international operations and Garry Logistics modules into follow-up analysis, we further split the supply chain and international operations into domestic supply chain operations, international couriers.
The three components of services and international freight forwarding/integrated logistics services attempt to explore the growth space for three components. 2.6.1 Domestic supply chain operations: programme capacity accumulation sometimes leads to medium- and high-speed growth. Supply chain operations are a more integrated concept and a core strategic decision for companies to shape future growth towards larger markets.
Unlike express Transport, Cold Transport (which refers to the use of refrigerants for couriers) and Constabulary operations, both transport and distribution links in the base capacity for express delivery are extended and expanded. Supply chain operations are a more integrated concept, and transport and distribution are essentially part of supply chain services. Thus, supply chain expansion operations exceed and integrate the base capacity for express delivery.
It's a controlled, comprehensive “cross-border” approach. “Treatment” refers to the fact that it is still in the area of a large logistics supply chain, maintaining a stand-alone three-way position and not attempting to touch the front-end business flow, which we think is very wise. “Integration” refers to supply chain operations, which are no longer limited to dry feeder transport and performance distribution, and supply chain operations that include programme design,
A combination of self-building and acquisition, building up capacity for programme design and warehousing operations. A deep understanding of the entire supply chain system, which is different from its clients, requires long-term learning and continuous improvement in practice.
So, in developing supply chain operations, the company uses the “two fists” strategy: the “quick” supply chain service, which is essentially an entry point to the express delivery capability, gradually superimposes other loops. For example, in the high-end cosmetics industry, the company uses its best time-line express delivery business as a tool to infiltrate it.
Second, by means of capital acquisition, rapid completion of the programme design of the industry and storage management of the sector, such as the company’s acquisition of Xiajun’s Chinese business, and the acquisition of dhl’s Chinese business. Supply chain operations with self-build and M&As have achieved good synergies and high growth.
According to the report, 2018 was the year of a smooth supply chain operation. On 31 July 2018, the company completed the acquisition of 75 per cent of its shareholding in Hong Kong at a price of 937 million yuan, acquired control over the cold chain operations of the United States in Mainland China, Hong Kong, China, and Macao, China, and established a new summer supply chain in August 2018 to provide customers with end-to-end supply chains.
On 19 February 2019, the purchase of 100% of Hong Kong shares and 100% of Hong Kong shares in Hong Kong was completed at a price of $5.5 billion. It gained control of the supply chain operations of the German Postal House in Mainland China, Hong Kong, China, and Macao, China.
It seems that Xinxia and Toyo helped companies to understand more quickly what a supply chain is, and also to achieve better synergies, with the company ' s domestic supply chain operations growing rapidly, including other supply chain services based on a surge in courier capacity, from $4.92 billion in 2019 to $12.67 billion in 2021.
Our manufacturing industry is moving towards digital intelligence, and the demand for supply chain modernization is growing year by year. Companies have, over the past 30 years, become more aware of the supply chain in their industries, in fast-disposal and retail products, automobiles, life sciences and medicine, high technology, etc.
The industries of engineering and industrial manufacturing have accumulated significant customer resources, continued large-scale scientific and technological inputs, and, taking into account the rich supply chain management experience of London, have expanded new customers in agriculture, home and communications. In addition, the development environment in the cold-chain sector is improving (the drivers of the integrated supply chain solutions are detailed in 2.4 for cold transport and medicine).
In our judgement, the company ' s domestic supply chain operations will continue to grow at a high medium rate in 2022, and international express delivery operations from 2023 to 2025: after M&A logistics, the foundation for export capacity to overseas is expected to be a core growth point for the company.
The original international business is an extension of the company’s base courier business, long-term customers using easy domestic couriers, and, with the demand for international couriers, it is natural to use the company’s international courier services, especially occasional commercial needs. The Division’s former international courier operations were dominated by international standards at an early stage, followed by an increase in cross-border supplier products and freight forwarding operations.
International operations grew from 3.68 million in 2013 to $7.76 billion in 2021, and from 2016 to 2021 to 40% in Gagr. With regard to future international courier operations, we believe that they can be further divided into three components, namely, cross-border couriers, off-country local couriers, and cross-border power vendor logistics.
Figure 582022: 4.7 million copies of international operations in Shuntohara, May, 2016 - 2021. Figure 57: Over 40% of international operations in Shuntohara, 2016 - 2021. 1) Cross-border courier operations.
Cr.3 to 52.4%, of which ups, Fedex and dhl account for 21.1%, 17.5% and 13.8%, respectively, are required to operate with a strong international capacity, customs clearance capacity, and an offshore network capability. From this dimension, our National Express is not yet able to compete globally with the three major international players.
Operations, which are primarily responsible for completing the internal part of the receipt chain, are dependent on working with foreign couriers, and the lack of capacity to collect abroad also leads to the international operations of our couriers, which are essentially originating from within the country, with very few moving abroad to the country.
The acquisition of Jali logistics by Hondo Fung could, to a considerable extent, address the company’s lack of network capacity in South-East Asia, opening up the room for growth of cross-border couriers in South-East Asian markets, including from China to South-East Asia, and from South-East Asia to China. Moreover, the global availability of customer resources for Jali’s logistics will increase to some extent.
According to data from the National Post Office, the volume of international/Hong Kong and Australasia courier revenue increased from $42.9 billion in 2016 to $116.8 billion in 2021, with cagr reaching 22.1 per cent.
Figure 59 International cross-border express delivery market cr3 = 52.4% Figure 60 International/Hong Kong and Australasia revenue cagr = about 22%, and Shunfong City = 6.6% 2) Foreign country express delivery operations.
The company acquired the capacity to conduct local courier operations in major countries in South-East Asia. The rapid growth of power suppliers in South-East Asia was a central driver of the development of the South-East Asian Express industry. According to research, the year 2020 was the year 2020.
South-East Asia earns between $10 billion and $11 billion, representing 10-15 per cent of the entire South-East Asian market share, drawing from the polar rabbit, South-East Asia averaged $10.5 billion and South-East Asia averaged 12.5 per cent, measuring the size of the South-East Asia Express market in 2020.
The South-East Asia Internet Economic Report 2021, published jointly by the Phamma and Bain, shows that the cumulative increase in retail sales of goods in kind in South-East Asia between 2020 and 2020 (201%) is very close. A combination of South-East Asia’s cultural similarities, higher penetration of smartphones than in the country in 2015, and a high rate of electricity sales.
The size of the local delivery market in South-East Asia is measured by reference to the country ' s 2015-2020 revenue growth rate. It can be calculated in South-East Asia from 2021 to 2025 with a range of $12.5 billion, $15.3 billion, $183.1 billion, $22.4 billion and $26.6 billion.
Figure 62 shows a cumulative increase of 201% in the volume of real retail sales on the Chinese line from 2015 to 2020, although the delivery of mail from Gali logistics in South-East Asia is mainly based in Thailand, local delivery across South-East Asia is of strategic importance for the smooth expansion of international services. So, we judge that the next few years will be an important step forward in the development of local courier services.
The company will speed up the local delivery layout in South-East Asia. Second, Garrey Logistics has a rich customer resource in South-East Asia, and is well equipped with first-class express delivery operations, information systems and operational tools, both of which are organically linked to the preconditions for large local express delivery operations in South-East Asia.
Cross-border electricity supplier logistics (b2c export flow). The share of small postal parcels will decline and the share of dedicated lines will continue to rise. Cross-border power provider logistics is dominated by b2b exports, and b2c exports are growing rapidly. According to Irey ' s consulting estimates, the size of the b2c export logistics market in 2021 is about 596.6 billion yuan, and is expected to reach 119 trillion yuan in 2025.
Depending on the mode of delivery, it can be divided into two main types: direct mail, consisting mainly of three types of products: postal bags, commercial couriers, and special lines. According to the combined think tank, the number of packages is about 60% in dimensions, of which 39% are postal bags, 21% are special lines and commercial couriers combined, and 40% are overseas.
After adjusting for destination country terminal costs, the end-of-end cost of the post bag rose by about 27% in 2020 over 2019, and it was decided that the share of the post bag would decline, and the share of the dedicated line would increase further. We believe that the offshore warehouse and the direct mail would coexist for a long time.
There are no significant differences in the process: the core difference is that overseas warehouses need to be pre-positioned in overseas warehouses, buyers can send goods directly from overseas warehouses, significantly shortening the time frame from receipt to receipt, and helping to improve consumer experience. However, advance stock preparation implies stock risk, higher sales forecasts and quality control requirements, and sales forecasts are not likely to lead to slow sales.
Quality problems can easily lead to a return of goods. The risk of loss is enormous when the overseas warehouse is almost disposed of by scrap. Moreover, the high cost of overseas manpower means that offshore warehouses are not suitable for storing low-value goods, are more suitable for more standardized, high-value goods, and are less expensive to combine with direct mail for other goods.
Figure 67 Cross-border electric power provider b2c exports to direct mail and overseas warehouse comparisons and Yin. According to research, in 2020, the number of counterpart cities ranked first at about 15 billion yuan in revenue terms, with a ratio of about 3.1 per cent.
On the one hand, the company has developed a range of service experience with cross-border power suppliers such as international electricity dealers, international mini-packs, and offshore warehouses; on the other hand, after the merger and acquisition of Kali logistics, it is expected to become a second-tier leader.
Moreover, it is recalled that, within three to five years of the company ' s aggressive expansion of its operations, the company ' s fast-forward, co-city-forward and cold-forward operations are ranked first in the industry, but the longer chain of cross-border power suppliers ' logistics for the expansion of new operations is more complex and the resources that need to be consolidated are more complex.
Consider these factors together, we believe that companies are less likely to succeed in the first echelons around 2025, but have the potential to become international freight forwarders/integrated logistics services: the Asia-Pacific region has a high incidence of trade and trade activities and offers.
Carrie Logistics is responsible for international freight forwarding/integrated logistics services, mainly in the Asia-Pacific region. In 2021, Carrigen Flows (excluding Thai Express) generated $60.9 billion, of which 12.6 billion were integrated logistics revenue (excluding Thai Express).
International freight forwarders ' revenues amounted to $48.3 billion and international freight forwarders ' revenues amounted to 79.3 per cent. By region, the primary sources of revenue were the Asia-Pacific region, accounting for about 61.0 per cent, the Americas for about 23.9 per cent, the emea for about 13.3 per cent, Oceania for about 1.8 per cent, and the Asia-Pacific region ' s high rate of economic growth, providing a good environment for the development of Gali logistics.
International freight-forward markets are large, growing rapidly in recent years, and Gary logistics has some pre-emptive advantages. According to the ti research data, the global global volume of international freight-forwards was about $284.9 billion in 2021 (11.2 per cent real growth rate), while the Asian and Pacific freight-forward market was about $99.5 billion (13.8 per cent real growth rate), accounting for the size of the global freight-forward market.
34.9 per cent, the fastest-growing global freight forwarder region. Of this amount, the global international air freight forwarder is about US$ 128.2 billion, representing a real growth rate of 14.9 per cent, with the gradual recovery of the maritime and land transport supply chains, the rate of increase or decline in air freight forwarders: the global maritime international freight forwarder market is about US$ 156.5 million, with a real growth rate of 6.6 per cent in Kiri logistics.
The international freight forwarder market, which is the second largest in the world, is ranked 13th and 8th in international air freight forwarders and international maritime freight forwarders, respectively, according to the tranporttopics data. The freight forwarder industry’s network coverage and service capacity have a certain scale effect, and thus, although the freight forwarder market entry threshold is lower than the time frame express.
There is still a certain pre-eminence in Gary’s logistics. Happiness is a source of excellence in terms of network capacity and customer resources (mainly internal capital households in the country), especially when airports are invested to a certain level and international routes start.
In recent years, the economy of South-East Asia has become more important, and the logistics business in South-East Asia has developed. South-East Asia is a part of the world economy.
The growing importance of development is reflected in South-East Asia’s gradual accession to more links in global industrial chains, as well as the increased position of trans-shipment trade. Recp and cptpp, the two most important trading organizations in the world today, cover almost half of the world’s population and one third of trade, the intersection of which is in South-East Asia.
This will further increase the importance of South-East Asia as the level of open cooperation between the two trading organizations deepens. As the leading player in the accumulation of basic networks and customer resources across the Asia-Pacific region, the international freight forwarder and integrated logistics business imagination of companies will also be opened.
Combined with the above factors, we believe that Gary Logistics (excluding Carri Express) is expected to maintain a complex 10%/year distribution of member countries in graphs 71recp and cptpp.
3 Reduction of efficiency gains: integration and client orientation, leading mitigation ideas 3.1 Cost composition and historical review of mitigation efficiency gains: over 80 per cent of human & power costs and four benefits from reduction of efficiency gains
1) Cost composition. Corporate operating costs consist mainly of employee remuneration, outsourcing costs and transportation costs. The company ' s costs include employee remuneration, outsourcing costs, transportation costs, office rentals, material and depreciation amortization.
Companies are increasingly outsourcing their personnel and transport links. The cost of outsourcing continues to rise, from 5% in 2013 to 63% in 2020, while transport costs and employee remuneration continue to decline, indicating that the public does.
The Division is increasing the proportion of outsourcing, such as for personnel and transport. The outsourcing costs arise from the outsourcing of some of the industry processes by companies to third parties, mainly in connection with the dry feeder transport, receipt, warehousing, billing and transit handling sections. Therefore, the outsourcing costs of companies are essentially human and transport costs.
Figure 73 shows that the cost of outsourcing has climbed to 62.8% in 2020, and the ratio of human, transport-cost income is clearly negatively related to the Māori rate, which is a central factor affecting the performance of the company. As figure 75 shows, when the share of human and transport costs in operating income increases, it is inevitable that the ratio of human and transport costs to Māori income will increase.
This has led to a decline in the company’s Māori ratio, and, conversely, gross interest rates tend to improve when human and transport costs fall as a percentage of operating income, with very strong negative correlations. The increase in human and transport costs is associated with the pace and slow pace of volume growth, with volatile distributions, and capital spending increases and decreases.
This volatility is explained by the fact that in years when capital expenditure increases, the cost of human & power increases more rapidly than the volume increases; in years when capital expenditure decreases, the rate of human & power increases less than the volume increases. Recalling the network characteristics of the first group of companies, it is easy to find that when the size of the unit is close to the capacity ceiling, there is a need to increase capital spending.
At the same time, the size of the mass increase and of the human & power differential is affected by both the past pace of capital spending and the effects of the reduction of efficiency measures. Figure 76 shows a reverse change in the ratio of human & transport costs to Mäori rates.
Figure 75 below shows a reverse change in the ratio of human & transport costs to the Mäori ratio. 2) Summary of efficiency gains. The company’s main useful model of work, network optimization, tool upgrading and organizational adaptation.
As shown in figure 73, there has been a steady increase in the human and transport costs of companies, a continuous increase in the cost of outsourcing as a proportion of operating costs, a steady decline in the proportion of staff salaries and transport costs as a proportion of operating costs, as compared with 63 per cent of operating costs as at 2020, and a decrease in the total share of staff salaries and transportation costs to 21 per cent as at 2021
(b) Network optimization, mainly in terms of modes of operation and process optimization. For example, since 2019, companies have optimized their transit and transport links through “filling of warehouses”, “slow separations”, swing patterns and direct air-side transport.
Even more to be hoped for, the launch of the Four-Net Consort, in 2021, was the largest move in the area of network optimization and would be the longest-lasting initiative. Third, tools upgrades, mainly in terms of the use of technological and technological capabilities, operations and equipment upgrades. Since listing, companies have repeatedly mentioned technological innovation and the upgrading of information systems.
Fourth, organizational excellence, mainly with regard to end-of-business, end-of-business and functional headquarters organizational alignment. In line with the principle of matching the organizational structure with business development, the objective of streamlining organizational effectiveness is achieved to the extent possible, and the cost of managing sales continues to decline.
The view was expressed that the company's future mitigation efficiency would continue to be dominated by the above-mentioned types of efficiency gains. 3.2 Four networks of accommodation: opening up medium- and long-term mitigation efficiency space, weakening the week of network input, “warefilling” and “slow-separation” less involved a complete readjustment of the network, which could not satisfy the medium- and long-term advances.
In order to respond efficiently to the operational pressures caused by the growth in the volume of packages, the quality of the time-limited products is guaranteed. Companies have made adjustments to the operating model, using the "loading" model in 2019 and the "slow separation" model in 2020.
The two are "inherently two stages of the same thing." When the volume increases at a high rate, the company devotes its attention to increasing asset use in order to minimize the amount of resources invested. In the early years of the introduction of the Preferential Preference, the size of the whole of the company remains within the capacity thresholds for transport and transit, and the "filling" model is basically full.
When the PET is in the mid-to-late stage, the size of the company as a whole has gradually exceeded the production threshold for normal transport, and without adjustment it will affect the time frame of the prescription product, and in 2020 it was introduced using a fast-separation model. Whether it is a “filling” or a “slow-separation” adjustment to the planning of the entire operating network
“Four-net accommodation” is comprehensive, original and long-term. The company introduced “Four-net accommodation” in 2021, i.e., strengthening the four networks of fast, high-speed, fast-moving and warehousing, reducing the duplication of resources.
At the operational level, the “filling of warehouses” and the “slow separation” are large-scale adjustments to the resources of the company’s operating chassis, which should be understood in medium- and long-term dimensions as global and original. At the operational level, the “four grids” consist mainly of site accommodation, transit accommodation, transport accommodation and end zone separation.
1) Site accommodation is a pre-condition for "four-net accommodation" (the principle can be found in the first part of this report) and the location of the site is to be selected by means of three types of "synchronous sites, campuses, co-locations" for express and express delivery.
2) The core tenor of intermediate accommodation is the use of different operating models, depending on the size or shape of the express, which have both the meaning of "integration" and "separation". In other words, within the "small item" is "integration" and between "large piece" and "small piece" is "separation", i.e., speeds above 20 kg
Progressively and completely stripping out of fast-moving transit operations. (3) Transport is conveniently said to achieve a single vehicle for “large” and “small” pieces. By integrating, pulling and lifting lines, the twin objectives of resource efficiency and product competitiveness are achieved.
The goal is to gain more flexibility in the choice of a business strategy. (4) End-of-end segmentation, the central objective of which is to reduce the reliance of fast-moving and high-speed network operations on fast-moving networks, which is a necessary condition for the consolidation and even further improvement of the time-bound products, is also a necessary requirement for the realization of a “big” scenario.
On the other hand, the speed of transport within the "smallware" and the end of the high grid are separated, reducing the dependence of the combined fastware on the resources at the end of the camp.
In short, the term “four-line accommodation” is “two-point, middle-level”, i.e., client-oriented reception links, with different types of fastware operating separately, avoiding long-term direct association without any cost pressures, over-reliance, and the risk of end-of-end stability.
In 2021, after a pilot and roll-out, the "four-line" was able to produce the results. On the site, 281 sites were made available in two-line cities and 162 sites in three-line cities; on the transit side, about 400 million tons of fast-forward capacity were released in 2021, reducing the associated impact.
On the transport side, there are more than 1,600 main lines, more than 1 ton of load lifts per train, less than three hours of the average total length of the product; on the end end, there is a 50 per cent drop in the share of couriers sent by Big Brother, and the network has become self-sustained in 142.
About 670 million yuan in cost, of which 380 million yuan was saved in feeder transport, 110 million yuan in transit, and about 100 million yuan in end-of-pipe upgrades, with the greater significance of reducing the cyclical properties of the entire network in the future. According to the description of the network in part I of this report, this has led to the company’s past business wheels, as shown in figure 81.
First, positive effects of scale, as shown in figure 81, paragraph 1, when the volume of the company increases within capacity, asset utilization increases, and positive effects of scale appear. Second, negative effects of size, as shown in figure 81, paragraph 2, when the volume of the company increases beyond capacity, the company must add.
Large inputs, but there's a certain climb-down period in the utilization of new inputs, which has negative scale effects. If there is no full-scale ingenuity to the operating network, as shown in figure 81, paragraph 3, the company's business wheels will continue to be cyclically switched between one and two, even after the start of the new business. That's why we should look at the longer term.
Dynamic observation “4-net accommodation”, which integrates the "4-net” into a "one-net" by optimizing the process of web-wide route planning and specific operations, can weaken the 2-point view shown in figure 81, significantly shortening the climb-up period for the additional productive capacity, helping companies to significantly better control the pace of input and weaken the network of operating investments.
The Australasia Lake Airport: an important variable for network upgrading, which covers the global core base of the Australasia Airport, has a high level of planning specifications.
The productive layout project is of strategic importance. At the same time, it is the world’s fourth and first cargo hub in Asia, with the first three hubs being Memphis Airport in Fedex, Louis David Airport in ups and Vesi Airport in dhl, with traffic through mail amounting to 4.48 million tons, 2.85 million tons and 1.59 million tons, respectively, in 2021.
As the first cargo hub airport in Asia, Orzhou Airport was designed to meet the design targets of 1 million passengers through 2025 and 2.45 million tons through mail: the runway taxiing system met 1.5 million passengers through 2030, and 3.3 million tons through mail and mail in 2030.
The world’s top three cargo hub airports were infestationed in 2021, and Ozhou airport was in 2030 with only a second dry Memphis airport, which was expensive. According to company announcements, the total investment in the airport and related works was about $31.02 billion.
It is expected to be about $20.96 billion (the joint venture’s bank loan component, based on the share-holding ratio, undisclosed). Of this amount, about $5.68 billion is spent on airport construction, about $11.53 billion is spent by transit centres, and about $3.75 billion is spent on aviation base construction.
On July 17, 2022, a Shun Fung Air Boeing 767-300 full cargo plane carrying a shipment of fast shipments from Hozhou Lake Airport to Shenzhen Bo-An Airport marked the official shipment. When it became operational, the initial passenger shipment gradually opened six routes from Hozhou to Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xiamen, Kunming, etc.; the first shipment was opened.
Upon full international cargo capability, international cargo routes such as Grandboard and Frankfurt are opened. By 2025, international freight routes are expected to be opened around 10, with 50 national routes to the left, to the right, amounting to 2.45 million tons of planned mail-to-mail traffic, and initially to the entire country of radiation, reaching the world.
In addition, Iowa is close to Wuhan, with well-developed ports, railways and road networks, and will be connected to Flower Lake Airport, building waterways, roads, railways and air transport, and a four-way intermodal freight transport system that will further open up the imagination of the Okhu Lake Airport.
In the short and medium term, it is largely certain that the company will be able to further reduce the efficiency gains after delivery at the airport transit centre. On the one hand, it will increase product competitiveness and the penetration of time-limited operations, and when the airport is fully operational.
1.5-2 hours will cover more than 90% of the country ' s gdp area and will further increase the competitive power of the company ' s products and increase the penetration of the time-limited express service. On the other hand, small aircraft will be replaced by large aircraft, and point-to-point direct flights will be converted to axle irradiation mode, with improved access leading to further reductions in operating costs.
Domestic shipments amount to 830,000 tons, at 0.6 to 1 ton, at an average flight distance of 1,000 km, and the entire cargo component of the country can help to bring down 500 million yuan – 830 million yuan. As the company's future volume increases, the downfall has a long-term effect on 2. The airport's open economic zone is expected to be built to introduce high-end manufacturing, biopharmaceuticals, fresh and cold.
Chains, cross-border power suppliers, electronic spare parts, emergency rescue, etc. This will bring a huge amount of business to companies, help countries upgrade their industries, help supply chains to sea, and enhance the strength of international supply chains. 3.4 Tools upgrade: improve the quality of decision-making, automation equipment reduce human dependency.
The ultimate goal of the tool upgrade is to achieve digitalization, intelligence, and automation in a true sense. Digitalization is a prerequisite for intelligence.
There is no doubt that the entire industry is at the beginning of digitalization and intelligence, and that there is a potential for excellence in this field, both in terms of demand and capacity. On the one hand, a smooth network is much more complex than a peer, with a planning and movement control and enforcement system dominated by manual decision-making means huge.
From a demand point of view, the need for smoothness is even more pressing for full-chain numbers to be verbized and intelligent. On the other hand, there is a strong commitment to science and technology, a high concentration of technology, and a leading position over their peers.
At the practical level, companies achieved good milestones in 2021. First, 2021q4 operations received forecasts with accuracy rates of more than 95 per cent, reducing idle resource inputs and peak temporary resources; end-of-cycle data-based increases in science for decision-making, increased flexibility for younger brothers, and working hours for younger brothers across the Internet.
A reduction of one hour, with an increase of 6.4 per cent and a 25.3 per cent increase in warehouse efficiency; in addition, a 1.7 percentage point increase in main line loading, a 1.2 percentage point increase in feeder loading, and a 2.5 per cent increase in full cargo machine loading. There is still some room for improvement in smooth automation.
Motivation is mainly carried out in the transit link, with input or upgrade of automated sorting equipment. According to the figures reported in mid-2021, there are 151 transfer sites, of which 129 are in use for fully automated sorting, with an automatic rate of about 85.4%, and according to research, almost all of the trans-shipment centres reached are in automated sorting.
There is still some room for improvement in the placement of automation equipment. The company ' s cumulative or upgraded automated transit sites in 2021 amounted to 102 and the input or upgrade of the automated bulk sites 16. In addition, the stacking of data monitoring facilities and the use of manpower, scientific dispatching, and the efficiency of the operation of the transit sites increased by 18.7 per cent.
3.5 Organizational excellence: Equalization of authority and responsibility, streamlining of effectiveness, and ensuring that decision-making is optimal The core objective of organizational excellence is to achieve “fundamental equivalence” by restructuring the organizational structure, reducing redundancies, reducing delays in the implementation of decisions or strategies for personnel-related reasons, and achieving higher and lower-level organizations
“Multiple networks” need to be integrated into “one network.” “One network” must be managed by one large organization.
The monthly company integrates all the organizations and personnel of the former Express Transport Department into the Quick Transport Operations and Distribution Zones in order to achieve a genuinely deep integration of the industry and the operators in terms of organization and personnel, and to address the problems of “sector walls” and “designs” in the context of greater integration, and to thin the organization as needed.
These organizational adjustments may have been only the beginning, and there may have been more powerful organizational initiatives to contribute to the reduction efficiency of the entire Division.
Human resources are being outsourced gradually, but we think the system as a whole is becoming more complex as the size increases. It is not easy to identify the functions and posts that are outsourced.
Valuation 4: Continuous improvement in performance is imminent, growth space is open. Current disposal department valuation area, safety margin high 4.1 Sufficiency valuation review: shift dominated by main industry valuations to segment valuations
Looking back at past valuation performance, changes in corporate valuations can be broadly divided into two phases. The first phase is the dominant phase of the flagship valuation, where three factors have a greater impact on valuation performance. First, companies are in a position to base their performance on basic capabilities, explore a diversified layout phase, have a smaller volume of new business, have an uncertain trend towards reversal, and have less market pricing for new business;
Second, in the longer term, the company ' s valuations have been revised downwards with the growth rate of the main-prescriptive expressive operation, which is about 1.5 to 2 times the gdp speed, and after the downward phase, the correlation between the post-prescriptive expressive operation and the gdp increase has been weakened, and the impact of the volatile external environment and the uplifting of the medium- and high-end consumer line on the prescription express business has been increasing, with the prescription express operating speeds returning.
Third, the pace of expansion of the main-economic Express business is a key factor affecting the performance of the Division, with the expansion of the fast-forward business, which is the dominant phase of the divisional valuation, owing to the fundamental characteristics of the company’s operating network. On the one hand, this phase of the new business is gradually moving to a size of 20 billion.
The market therefore began to charge the new business at a separate price of 1.5 times ps-2.5 times ps. The factors influencing the company’s valuations have changed a lot, as shown by:
First, the timeliness of express delivery remains the basis of company valuation, and its pace of growth remains the most market concern; second, the company's transformation of the operating network is limited and its performance “cycle” attributes are still strong. Despite the operation of the “preferential tailor-made” products in 2019 with “loading” and the roll-out of the epidemic-driven corporate business in 2020,
“Slow-separation” makes the company perform relatively brightly, but when the growth of q1 operations slowed down in 2021, the constraints on performance, characterized by the network, became apparent, and the company shifted its profits and losses. Thirdly, the valuation of new business was gradually refined. We believe that this change is largely due to two factors: on the one hand, the market’s profit expectations for new business are gradually increasing.
On the agenda, at the same time, there was disagreement over the outlook for the profitability of the different new operations; on the other hand, the company's close-to-city listing and the gradual listing of its other counterparts led to a greater market reference for the valuation of its new business; and, fourthly, when the market was weak, prescription courier operations and carrie logistics gradually became valuation ballasts based on the divisional valuation methodology.
(a) The valuation performance since the listing of figure 86, with $300 million in financing for the fast shipment in 2020,1 the initial listing of non-quick courier operations,1 and the higher valuation, followed by the valuation restoration period;
Macroeconomics are down the road, major growth slows down, valuations are moving into the segment valuation lead phase: continuous downswing (markets generally agree on the statute of limitations at this stage, the statute of limitations).
2 It is estimated that operations will continue to evolve at a relatively high pace, judging that performance during this phase shows a more visible “cyclical” attribute.3 Performance during this period still has a “cyclical” attribute, and judging back.
The cyclical attributes are weakened and performance will be more stable. 4.2 Valuation outlook: the bottom zone since the divisional valuations dominated, the security margin high 4.2.1 valuation logic: cyclical attributes are weak, barriers are high and scarce, medium and high growth is high
And because of the large differences between the different operations, the use of segment valuation is more conducive to reflecting the value of the company. We judge that, for a foreseeable time, market approximations still dominate the valuation of the company by segment valuation. First, different operations.
The couriers (excluding the network) and freight forwarders are mature and are expected to maintain medium-term growth, which is the basis of the company's business; and the company's “morrow” is the city's emergency, cold transport, fast transport, supply chain and international operations (other than its replacements), which are still in the “opening land” phase, especially international operations.
The company has high expectations of growth. Second, the profitability of the different businesses varies. The timer's business is the “crest” of the entire logistics track, and the company's moats are deep enough to give a higher value; the economy's service is the “reconciliator” for the growth of the company's services.
Weaker, valuation should be considered separately; with rapid and cold transport, growth remains a priority and future profitability will remain difficult to predict accurately; fast-tracking options are available, and international and supply chain operations as a whole have been profitable, but we believe that the main contradiction between these two major operations is also growth, when to move into a sustained and stable state of profit and the size of the profit, which is still difficult to predict.
In the short term, the company is at the bottom of the valuation since the branch valuation method prevailed. Since the network is fully adjusted in the medium to long term, the “cyclical” attributes of the company’s performance are significantly weakened.
In the understanding of characteristics, we believe that the "four-net accommodation" is an overall refinement of corporate networks, comprehensive, original and long-term, with the long-term value of making future inputs “less”. While heavy input attributes are still present, there is greater flexibility. On the other hand, based on the steady penetration of electricity and the National Postal Service's guidelines on the speed of growth in the express delivery sector.
In the future, courier operations will enter a relatively stable medium- and high-growth zone, which will significantly reduce the probability of companies making mistakes in terms of inputs. Therefore, we believe that companies will become more attractive to investors.
Networks, barriers that are hard to replicate or exceed, and companies’ core profitable business will continue to be unique and thus scarce. At the same time, the ability to access the entire logistics supply chain and cover the entire market, both within and outside the country, increases the company’s scarcity.
In the medium-to-long term, firms will continue to grow at a high medium-to-medium rate. First, as the network upgrades and product competitiveness improves, we believe that time-bound couriers can maintain double-digit growth. Second, economic express, express, cold, peer-to-city, etc., internalizes into firm-based capabilities, and as key players in industry-wide efficiency gains, companies are equipped to maintain supply chain operations.
High-growth development environment and business capacity; and finally, M & A logistics, which provides the network base and the customer resource base for overseas exports of the company’s basic capabilities. These factors together support high-speed growth in the company.
The area of prescription express is well organized, profitable, and the barriers are high enough to warrant a higher premium. Reference is to reach the valuation level, the most recent (July 15, 2022) pe (ttm, the parent) valuation is 26.1 times the lowest in history.
19.2 times), the most recent pe (ttm, maternal) valuation is 28.2 times (historic 18.8 times lower) and the most recent pe (ttm, maternal) valuation is 24.0 times (historic 14.6 times lower). Although the operation of the statute of limitations is not growing as fast as it can be, a 25-fold pe valuation is given, taking into account better market patterns, higher barriers to competition and slow business growth.
In 2022, the company insisted on improving the product structure and controlling the volume of low Maori products. By the tone, we significantly reduced the growth rate of the business, but in the medium and long term, we could maintain a high annual compound growth rate.
International courier operations (including the express delivery part of Kauri logistics). This segment is expected to be a new growth point for companies, considering that the current express delivery of Kauri logistics is mainly in Thailand, with only 52 per cent of Thai logistics, 51.5 per cent of Thai logistics, and only 26.8 per cent of Thai Express stock in 2022.
Garry Logistics (excluding Thai Express). This part of the business has a relatively stable profitability, and in 2022 we have contributed $1.25 billion in estimated net profit for the mother, 10 times thepe, and $12.5 billion in market value.
Fast-forward operations still have much scope for development, similar to the logic of domestic supply chain operations, which in the medium to long term will continue to grow at a higher rate and the ability of companies to opt for profitability. With an expected revenue of $27.9 billion in 2022, we maintain a higher rate of growth, with an operating income of $7 billion, a 1.5-fold ps valuation, taking into account about 73.3 per cent of the company’s shareholdings.
Revenue from industry, estimated at 1 times ps, corresponding to a market value of $9.3 billion. “Four-net accommodation” has fallen short of expectations; labour costs have risen; macroeconomic growth has slowed; business growth has fallen short of expectations; prices have increased; the epidemic continues to affect business operations; oil prices have risen, etc.
Net companies, financial and industrial complexes, are good at combining industry and investment perspectives. The 2015 Crystalball 4th New Wealth Act uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report come from open information in the market. I do not guarantee any change in the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change in any way.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.