Performance forecast for beauty care medical beauty note 23h1: performance growth is higher than expected, end-recovery + bonus, q2 continued q1 performance, and performance is slightly higher than expected.
Companies perform resiliently in the context of a decline in the overall industry growth loop, where q2 net profits are influenced by equity incentive costs and investment gains and losses, and the ring falls slightly by q1. New products like living angels, such as living + white, effectively connect to growth space.
Launched in June 2021, the product was gradually recognized by downstream institutions and consumers through continuous academic outreach and training of doctors. By the end of 2022, the product had reached over 600 total stock/flow (millions of shares)
Medical beauty services. On July 27, 2023, the company's whole class microscopic program held a new launch of the company's new products, such as the composition of the raw angel's product and a 12-month maximum/minimum in daylight.
To improve the material processes of products through patent technology adaptations, supported by good maintenance, while increasing softness. 1 Effect Synergy: Based on the launch of new products, e.g., Living Angels and Emmetts (300896), the performance of the year was high.
Synergy during the day, hardening the material during the day and making it easier for the outer contour to support the fixation; e.g., the creation of new matrix layouts to improve the future period -- angel materials are softer and more suitable for shallow injections, which can shape contour; e.g., angels.
2022/01/21 It is expected that communication and outreach costs will be lower, with the opening of consumer awareness and channels during the day, and that Emmett (300896), the performance supermarket expectation, will be more than enough to create a market for consumers.
Rapid roll-out to markets; 3 product linkages: joint use with other products of the company, regenerative angels, rapid medical tap development - 2021/04/27, which can be linked to products such as high-speed systems, tightness, transparent acid fillers, etc., can also be consumed differently
Emmett 20q3 Quarter Income provides a wide range of options. If the biological angel is expected to start selling in August, it is expected to further increase the company’s high profit growth and the post-massive outbreak period.
(a) Continued expansion of new products, stocking in pipelines. 1) Growth of core products is steady, and consumer repurchases and channels are driving product sales up in the neckline market;
Market acceleration channels are paved; in a context of tight industry regulations, high body 2.5 and winter live bubble needles are expected to continue running their share as water light needle compliance products. 2) Regeneration series: smooth daytime extension, good sales momentum, regenerative angel relay, high pricing is expected to increase profits; 3)
Auxiliary stocks: including the addition of polyethylene gel microballs in medical applications with polyvinylene gels, sodium translucent acid gels are in the clinical trial phase, injection of type a botulinum toxin has completed 111 clinical trials and is in the registration declaration stage.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The company continues to expand on new products as an upstream injection leader, and has a large stock of pipelines. The company’s q2 performance is higher than expected in the context of the industry’s q2 ring decline.
Let's do this. The recovery of the U.S.C.C. has led to the recovery of the upstream pharmaceutical manufacturer, and we're looking at the daytime that opens up the growth space for the company's regenerative series, the steady release of the Hive Panda and the Water Panda needles, which is expected to result from the seasonal recovery of U.S.C. under the 23-year line.
The recovery in consumption has not been as rapid as expected; competition in the market has intensified, among other things.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.