The new product is more profitable, the profits are better distributed, the Americians (300896), the annual operating income of o2 is $829 million (+82.60 per cent) and the net profit of the mother is $549 million.
Performance meets expectations, and the recovery in consumption is driven by sustained high growth. Companies recovered high growth in the first half of the year, with 23q2 growth accelerating further, on the one hand by the gradual release of constrained demand for health care, significant growth in solutions and gel products, with a combined Māori ratio of 95.41%.
(+1.02 pct.) Of which: 1) Solvents: 874 million yuan (+35.90%) in revenues, resulting from the rapid release of products, which are fully recognized by downstream medical institutions and end consumers. Based on the high Māori core product income ratio, the combined Māori ratio is re-innovated by 2023h1
New products meet differentiated needs, and enhanced marketing drives brand value growth. The company 2023 (+0.16 pct), which continues to invest high levels of research and development in rich reserve lines and raises core competition for products. On July 27, 2023, the company released a new regenerative product, "like Angels," the product.
The composition is consistent with the daytime, but positioning is more appropriate for surface soft tissue shallow-string fillings, which form a complementary product matrix with a relative depth of 300 “silent daytime” to meet the differentiated needs of end-users, no.
In addition, in the company's reserves: injection of a type of botulinum toxin (for medium to heavy frowns), completion of iii clinical, Lidocaindine mammal (for the front of adult shallow skin surgery)
In 2023, the company found a gold share of about 40 million yuan (taxed), or 41.5% of the net profit of 2023h1, from the mother.
The Division’s first year’s cash dividends reflect the firm’s sound financial position and sound profitability, as well as its full confidence in future operations and development. Investment advice: companies as domestic medical champions, core products are growing robustly, and their core products are growing robustly.
It speeds up the release of high value-added products during the day and advances in the line of research. As regulation progresses beyond expectations, below-line consumption picks up the speed of the ring; 2023-03-09 Emeritus Report, 2022: Medical Dragonhead.
The firm is expected to grow even further as a medical compliance champion. We expect public growth to be strong, and the high growth targets of the stimulus plan to guide the next three years.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.