Emmett (300896.sz): Performance overperformance, e.g. release promising new drivers of growth event: company ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2023: company 23h1 achieves net return profit
With lower cost rates, we expect a return to normal q2 revenue this year at a faster rate than the end of performance. The new product, “like a biological angel,” has a different, high-end orientation that promises to enhance the company’s future growth.
Practice No. 150052211002 characterization. On July 27, the company released a new product, "e.g., a biological angel" with core components of left-story emulsion acid - ethanol co-polymer microball (18%), translucency translucency acid (81.7%) and Lidocaine.
(0.3%) The composition is consistent with the daytime, but if a patented technology changes the power between the puretic acid and the microball, it has high softness, high extension characteristics, positioning, shallow fat layer injections (and deeper white layer injections) and solves the possible induction of the puretic acid product.
In terms of product matrix, for example, a new supply of regenerative products from the shallow fat layers of a company, rather than a low-priced, differentiated and high-end positioning product during the day.
It is expected to provide full additions to the company’s future development, or increase certainty about future growth. Investment proposal: The launch side of new products like a biological angel attests to the company’s work in product development, positioning \triangleright
It's forward-looking, able to capture market pains or unmet sub-demands to open up new growth spaces, keeping a good eye on the company's leading position in the high-profile track, and with a robust growth of the system and a rapid release of white and white, it's likely to rise further if not.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities and Development Centre as Deputy General Manager. In 2021, he was awarded 2nd in a new wealth-free suit, 1st in a crystal ball suit, 1st in a retail suit, and Sino-Sinai after graduate school in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022.
They cover the cosmetics, medical beauty, social services, tax-free, visual, invisible, pet, retail, etc. Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics at the University of Finance and Economics Southwest, November 2022.
Lin Ling, Master of Finance, Xiamen University School of Economics, joined the new Sindal Consumers Group in February 2023. The main coverage of cosmetics is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.