The demand recovery plus the volume of new products, which is very good for h1, the announcement is that h1 won 1.46 billion dollars, an increase of 65 per cent, a net profit of 960 million dollars, a gain of 65 per cent, a gain of 2q.
The current revenue was 830 million, an increase of 82.6 per cent, a net profit of 550 million, an increase of 76.5 per cent for the same year, a performance of 2q, an increase in market penetration during the pre-receipt consumption landscape repair and the daytime of new products, and a strong increase in the performance of h1 company, with 870 million liquid injection products (eupper, panda needles, Fumei, etc.), an increase of 35.9 per cent for the same year.
gels (daytime, love and fly, etc.) achieve a revenue of 570 million, an increase of 139% over the same period.
Increases in municipal fees, rental property, etc. result in an increase in administrative costs of 1.2 pct over the same year; 2) increases in labour and marketing activities resulting in an increase in sales costs of 0.5 pct over the same year; 3) higher interest costs result in an increase in financial costs of 1.1 pct over the same period.
Institutional investors account for a share in circulation, and the company’s internal dynamism will be boosted by equity incentives. In addition, since the beginning of the year, two new high-water luminometers and regeneratives have been released, and the company’s coverage of the target consumer population is further complete.
Good. In the long run, companies are researching a rich stock of products, and strong R & D capabilities can add to future growth.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.