The recovery of health-care goods + the performance of regenerative products drives high growth of 23h1 and the recovery of health-care and consumer-related goods + the performance of regenerative products leads to high income growth. Corporate income growth in 23h1 is rapid, accelerating quarterly, mainly as a result of: 1) the loss of exposure to external environmental impacts
Retrenchment, repair of consumption scenes, release of some of the pre-consumption demand, recovery of sub-line medicine and US consumption; 2) Rapid growth thanks to a firm’s sound marketing strategy, which allows security and effectiveness to be recognized by institutions and beauty seekers during the day. By product, the company injects 23h1 solution products.
Income from products was 870 million yuan, an increase of 35.9 per cent; income from gel injection products was 570 million bioprotein sponges and additional contributions from blood control dressings.
Structural optimization has led to an increase in the Māori rate, with net interest rates remaining high. Company 23H1 Māri ratio: 23H1 sales/management/research and development rates, respectively.
The increase in management costs is mainly due to increases in human costs, service charges, rental property, etc. Overall, the net interest rate on home leave for company 23h1 was 66.0%, a 0.8 pct decline in comparison with the previous year, and the overall increase in reserves, such as the creation of new living angels, led to new growth.
Nine new bioprotein sponges (for tissue repair and healing of new fresh surfaces, ulcers, etc.), blood control dressing (for surgical incisions, in vitro surface income generation, and graft wound blood control and healing) compared to the end of last year.
Three clinical trials, Lilaru selenium injection (conclusion of one clinical trial), Lidocain butcain mammolyst (3 clinical trial phases), in addition to the company's pre-clinical pre-clinical project of deoxychotic acid injection fluid, transparent acidase, smigrupine injection fluids, which is well-stocked in research projects.
In July 2323, the Division released new products such as the Living Angels, with a core composition of left-clairose ethylene condensate/combined urinary acid/lidocaine, which, compared to the daytime, is more flexible and expansive, mainly used for the filling of shallow fat layers, with the main function being the external contour of the face, with the main function being the contour of the face.
The regenerative and intense effects of the glue. The new products, such as the life angel and the daytime, vary the location of the product, and the channels are synergized, promising to provide a new engine of growth.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, fair, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.