Shinji Mountain Signals, Emmett (300896.sz) 2023h1 camp performances +65% of the same year, which accelerates the release during the daytime.
The system has maintained a 30% increase at a high base, raising the Māori rate by day. The 2023h1 company ' s soluble and gel injection products have increased by the same amount. The Soluble Products Camp (+1.33 pct), which has been growing rapidly during the day, has been listed for two years with product safety and effectiveness.
The market value of the market share (billions):
3 products are in the clinical and registration stage and 3 products are in the preclinical stage.
Dokaindine cream is in the iii clinical trial phase. Deoxychotic fluids, transparent acidases, smigrupine injection fluids are in the process of submitting applications for clinical trials.
Release of a new regenerative series, "e.g. Angels", with the main components being left-lectic acid-ethanol co-polymer microballs (18% versus 18%) + transacted and transparent sodium acids (81.7% versus 0.3%) + lycephate didocaine (0.3%).
Built support, better suited to deeper injections: e.g., biological angel specifications 1ml, recuperating positioning supports, more suitable for shallow layers, tight tight, two products that can provide more precise facial solutions for high-demand consumers; folding of daytime recognition of medical doctors and consumer slogans for two years on the market, if living angels are expected to be there.
Listed as a new growth point in the company’s performance. Xiaojun Zhang’s share listing fee recognition and increased rental property charge; R&D cost rate of 7.15 per cent (-0.16 ptt); and Finance
During the year, the recovery of the flow of medical and American goods led to a steady flow of upstream products. The company’s high-level system, based on stock, maintained a high rate of customer repurchase + incremental market expansion; and accelerated release of renewable materials, made available during the day.
Policy controls risk; failure to register product research and development; risk to product quality safety; \triangleright reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.