The company’s performance grew as expected in 2023. Q1 and q2 in 2023, respectively, the company achieved a return to record high profits from its operations, mainly as a result of a recovery in the consumer flow of medical beauty products.
In the first half of August 2023, 2023, during the first half of the day, a significant amount was released. In 2023, we introduced the new coronary virus.
Class B, the impact of the epidemic has gradually subsided, and the domestic market demand for medicine and the US has been recovering. Corporate solutions, gel injections, have increased considerably in the first half of the year.
To date, both types of injection products have completed one or more of the major monolithic series, forming a differentiated product line to meet the needs of the different products.
Consumers are becoming more diverse and personalized in their medical beauty needs. Profitability remains high. In the first half of 2023, the Māori sales rate of companies rose by 95 per cent to a slight decrease of 0.92 percentage points compared to the previous year, mainly due to labour fees, stock listing recognition and rental property charges.
Overall, the company’s profitability remains high and its brand value continues to grow, benefiting from a compliance market expansion dividend. Companies insist on direct sales, which are complemented by continuous enhancement of marketing systems, expansion of their sales teams, and upgrading of their downstream medical beauty machines.
The breadth and depth of the collaboration, which shapes and upgrades brand values, helps companies to keep their older products on the market and to spread new ones quickly. In a context of tight industry regulation, the industry has accelerated the process of shuffling, informal consumption has shifted to formal product consumption, and companies are supplying headlines for medical upstream needles.
Investments suggest that the company concentrates on therapeutic products, is a domestic urinate needle tap, and enjoys a medical beauty market dividend. The company’s medical and beauty line is gradually being enriched, making it possible for children to spend the second half of the year in the day.
It is hoped that it will continue to do so, and that it will enter the weight management market in the future, with a high level of growth. We expect that public research, “positive” investors will be suitable only for those at risk levels that are not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, and that “radical” investors will be suitable for the use of their own qualifications or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, in a diligent and professional manner, and will be available independently and objectively.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.