The regenerative product is strong, the company's performance is growing faster, and the E.M.I.A.'s review report (300896), 25th of August 2023.
The recovery in the consumption of medical beauty flows has led to high growth in corporate performance: benefiting from the retreat of external environmental impacts, the restoration of consumer scenes, the release of pre-consumption demand, and the recovery in the consumption of underline medicine. At the same time, companies continue to be active at the end of their products and marketing, and their performance has increased considerably.
14,559 million yuan (year-on-year +64.93 per cent) is available, resulting in a net profit of 963 million yuan (year-on-year comparison with quarterly corporate collections/mother-to-manufacturing net profit/deduction non-mother-on-manufacturing net profit)
The skin filler is divided into gel and solution-based injecting products, and 2023h1 has increased by the same year. Its performance has increased, with product structural upgrading increasing profitability.874 billion yuan, representing an increase of 35.90 per cent over the same period in the previous year;
The impact of the epidemic has been a steady increase in net revenue, with the new product “Black gel injection products achieving operating income of $566 million, an increase of 139.00 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Among the gel products, the safety and effectiveness of the products during daytime are growing steadily in downstream medical institutions and in the end, and the new product “silver daytime” is fully recognized by consumers at the end of the day and is growing rapidly.
As a living angel shapes the softness of the contours, and as the composts support the contours and the inner contours of light, the two products are located differently, but complement each other, giving the company a new dynamic of growth. At the same time, the company is researching a rich stock of products, including injections of a meat toxin.
(Completion of 3 clinical trials), Lilaluse Injecting fluid (completion of 1 clinical trial), Lidoka Indin mammolyst (3 clinical trial phases), in addition to the three pre-clinical projects of deoxychotic injection, injection of transparent acidase, smigrupone injection.
The optimization of the product structure led to an increase in the gross rate, with net interest rates falling slightly but remaining high: 2023h1 soluble labour, port stock listing recognition and increased rental property costs, with administrative costs increasing by 110.27 per cent over the same period, and administrative costs increasing by 1.19 pcts to 5.48 per cent.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: in the short term, the recovery of medical and American consumption after the epidemic, the sustained growth of the “high body” and the introduction of new products such as “bringing” and “breathing angels” in the daytime, are expected to boost corporate performance; in the long term, the high profile of the medical and aesthetic sector will continue, and national production will be replaced and regulated.
In the interest of compliance, the company's master product is still growing, the reserve product will be rolled out, and there is still considerable room for growth. Based on the company's latest data, we increase the profit margin, taking into account the company's own strengths and industry trends, and maintain the company's “buy-in” investment.