Artificial intelligence “national team”, “1+n” achieves model empowerment — Chinese artificial intelligence “national team” — founded in 1999 as China's largest smart voice.
Since its inception, the company has been engaged in research on core artificial intelligence technologies such as smart voice, computer vision, natural language processing, cognitive intelligence, etc. and has maintained a state-of-the-art level at the international level. As a Chinese artificial intelligence “national team”, the company has built China’s only national focus on cognitive intelligence.
The National Engineering Research Centre for Laboratory and Voice and Language Information Processing is a member of the Board of Directors of the China Union of Voice Industries and the Chinese Academy of Sciences Alliance for Research and Innovation in Artificial Intelligent Production.
The National New Generation of Artificial Intelligence Open Innovation Platform, which provides developers with 647 ai capabilities and one-stop artificial intelligence solutions, the artificial intelligence industry ecology is continuously built; at the same time, companies are engaged in education, medicine, smart cities, operators, automobiles, finance.
Focused tracks, etc., build sustainable development “strategy-based” standards for i-technology applications, and create a leading brand advantage and sustainable flow-based income on i-learning machines, smart office books, smart recorders, translators, televising, and other consumer products at the end of c.
On 30 January 2024, the company released the Open Large Model V3.5, a language version of which is based on the seven core competencies of text generation, language understanding, knowledge and question-and-answer, logical reasoning, mathematics, code capabilities, multi-model capabilities.
Solution, mathematical ability, voice interaction over gpt-4turbo, code over 96% gpt-4turbo, multimodular understanding over gpt-4v91%. Current capabilities for gpt-4turbo are now available.
In December 2022, the company launched the special "1+n Cognitive Smart Large Model Technology and Applications" campaign, in which "1" represents a general cognitive intelligence.
The base of the model, "n" represents the application of CIG technology to a variety of industries, such as education, medical care, automobiles, office, and smart hardware, and the formation of a unique industry-specific model. The Stellar Fire has cross-cutting knowledge and linguistic understanding that can be understood and understood on the basis of natural dialogue.
To continue to evolve from big data and large-scale knowledge to complete process closure from presentation, planning to problem solving, and to take the lead in deep applications in a wide range of sectors, such as education, medical care, automobiles, office, industry, intelligent hardware, while contributing to the flourishing of the developers' ecology.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company is a major model leader in our country and is expected to benefit fully from the artificial intelligence “national team”, the implementation of the “platform + track” ai strategy 1.1. The artificial intelligence “national team”, the cultivation of artificial intelligence for more than 20 years.
The company was established in 1999 as China’s largest provider of smart voice technology. The company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2008, becoming the only public authority in the Chinese speech industry at that time.
As China's "national team" of artificial intelligence, the company has established China's only national priority laboratory for cognitive intelligence and the National Engineering Research Centre for the Processing of Speech and Language Information. It is a member of the Board of Directors of the Chinese-language audio industry union and the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Alliance for Research and Innovation in Artificial Intelligent Production.
As of 2024q1, the top five shareholders of the company were, respectively, China, Liu Qingfeng, and China.