Quarterly reports for Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) 2024
\triangleright returned to normal, income tax costs increased, and profits decreased considerably. Domestic and international airline passenger rates exceeded the same period in 2019. 24q3 domestic lines ask
\triangleright +0.23pt. On international and regional lines, 24q3 power ask returned to 2019, rpk returned to 73.5% of the same period in 2019; the guest rate reached 90.05%, which is higher.
At the same time, as the aircraft utilization rate rebounded, the company’s fleet reached 128 aircraft at the end of the list, with a net increase of seven aircraft in the previous three quarters.
In mid-2024, Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) reported: operational resilience highlighted, profitable space available, spring and autumn Aviation depth report (601021.sh) reported: low
Cost aerobics, precision space availability, high elasticity, low-season elasticity, continued improvement in profitability and business performance, maintenance of a public trust stock company, Inc.
Risk factors: Reduced demand for travel, less demand for international routes and a significant increase in oil prices
In the area of major traffic, such as delivery, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, the Golden Mansion, No. 127 A, in Beijing, in the western city district of Beijing, has served as part of an external assessment submitted by several provinces that has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.