Tupou Group (601689): Growth is robust, and the layout of the campaign executor opens a vast market for robotics +32% compared to +1501 million net profit, +28% compared to +28%; q3 achieves $4,991 million, +16% compared to +16%.
The seismometer operation generated $1,072 million, or +0 per cent; the interior apparel operation generated $1.643 billion, or 4,351,000 vehicles, or +27 per cent; the profit sales were 46.12 million vehicles, or +23 per cent, of which the sale was 363,000 vehicles, or +77 per cent, and the sale of 82.4 million vehicles, or +53 per cent, in Biadi.
The Māori rate has fallen slightly in the same ring, and the financial cost rate has increased in the short term. The q3 Māori rate is 22.67%, compared to the 8 largest series of products +tier 0.5 model of collaboration to build platform component suppliers. Product dimensions, corporate shock mitigation systems, interior and bottom-plating systems, etc., have gained domestic leadership and have successfully expanded horizontally over the ibs project.
Thermal management systems, intelligent diversion systems, air suspension systems, accommodation comfort systems, etc., form a variety of product types that form the Autobond Group (601689): eight broad series of products in the core customer domain to achieve a continuous increase in the value of the bicycles with a rich product matrix. Client dimensions, company-wide.
We are promoting high growth and the new business is progressing well — the troupe is moving forward with the troupe-0.5 level cooperation model, working in depth with the country’s leading firms, such as Chinese-Kinkang, Ideal, Uli, Peng, Biadei, Gilly, new energy and overseas a client, rivian, lucid, Ford, gm, fca, etc.
2. Topper Group (601689): The continuous extension of product lines and the introduction of a completely new blue, high-quality customer structure for the Robotic Enterprise are expected to guarantee the company ' s continued benefits in the wave of electric intelligence in the global automobile market.
Sea Markets – company summary reports, setting up robotic motion executives to open up a new blue sea market for human robots.
A supplier, active deployment of the robotics industry - public machines, electrical controls, software, etc., with a deep technological build-up of fast-tracking robotic motion executors, has developed spin-off and straight-line executor products worth tens of thousands of dollars.
The new business will open up the room for companies to grow in the market for human robotics, using legally compliant data, carefully draw conclusions, and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect connection to the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.