The rest are kings, strong and strong -- three-time depth report series two.
In 1989, the Hunan Welding Materials Factory was officially established, in 1992, the Trinity Group was founded, in 1994, the Trinity Group invested in the creation of Tri-One Industry Company Limited. In 2003, the Trinity Worker was placed on the market, the company took only 30 years to grow from a start-up small company to a leader in the engineering and machinery industry, the product class was gradually enriched, the internationalization layout was expanding and, as of 8 January 2020, the company had a market value of $342.3 billion, the first in the mechanical industry, the 37th in the whole a-unit, and the real manufacturing industry.
We think that the big enterprise that grew up to be a 100 billion-dollar market is a coincidence, but it is more inevitable, first of all in the macro context: market size. The track determines the market value of the ceiling, and the trillion-billion-sized industry breeds hundreds of billions of large firms. The global market for engineering and machinery was large enough, with more than $200 billion in sales worldwide in 2019, followed only by demand from North America, the second-largest country in need, and the market space is large enough.
The growth of Trinity is accompanied by the process of industrialization and urbanization in China. In 1990-2019, our investment in real estate development rose from 17.22%. Against this background, our rate of urbanization rose from 26% in 1990 to 60% in 2019. With the dividends of the era, our engineering and machinery industry began to rise rapidly, demand accelerated its release, and the era of “gold development” began. From 1992 to 2020, the volume of sales in our engineering and machinery industry grew from $26.3 billion to $26.3 billion.
The birth of a great company, which cannot be separated from the entire industrial chain, we believe that the domesticization of parts and components is a catalyst for the rise of the main plant, and that the taps of the trinity-led domestic plant and the hydraulic taps led by the constant hydraulic pressure are a process of strong union and mutual achievement.
Second, the company's alpha inevitability, that is, why Trinity among many engineering machines? What is its central advantage? We think it is mainly four points, condensed into eight words: management, products, channels, services.
• Management: a stable management team, a strategic vision at a critical time. We think that engineering is different at different stages of development, but that the core is unmanageable. Three are grass-roots private, but not typical, family-like enterprises, led by President Liang, which focuses on a group of good people and has been accompanied by 30 years of wind and rain, in which the director is known as the “Three Firsts” iron triangle, managing the first Tang Shui + strategy's first human-to-human-to-human technology.
The first has played a key role in corporate development.1 In 1990-2000, the trend was fast, with the “two-way” strategy being implemented in 1994 to enter large cities and industries.2 In 2000-2010, overseas offices were established, and in 2003 triple-time jobs were placed on the market, which was followed by the injection of group assets of good quality.
Surviving, mutating, "Changing the ship" ; products: constantly investing in research and development, constantly changing the world, and increasing the power of the product. Quality changing the world is a Trinity vision, the scale of any company's sales, and the rigid quality of the product is the cornerstone, while the power of the product is driven by continuous innovative research and development, with three-timers spending 5% of Rio's annual revenues on R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D, R & D
By the end of 2019, companies applied for and authorized patents to be the first in the domestic industry, and after the introduction of the H-line in 2018, they took a seat on the medium-sized and large-scale digs, with a growing voice. The high level of investment in research and development, technology and innovation, combined with the high-end industrial workers ' vocational education system (in addition to the annual recruitment of outstanding students in recognized institutions, three industrial vocational technical colleges, three-one roots, three-one services, and one-one-one services).
Huaann’s research – expanding the value of investment: participating in stock distributors, tied interests, growing with distributors. On the basis of the firm’s own rigidity, marketing channels are an important way of making things happen.
It was announced that at the end of 2019, the company had 103 dealers in the country and 175 dealers abroad, of which 66 were directly owned by the company’s international headquarters. At the domestic level, the triads made the dealer a link between the company and the customer, establishing and distributing a deep relationship with the dealer. At the same time, through the sale of commission counter-feeding dealers, the company’s sales commission accounted for the cost of sales in 2016-2019.
Services: with big paranoia, with all means available, the service will be of extreme value. Services have always been one of the greatest core competitivenesss of the triads, and how important they are for the equipment industry? The answer is, every minute is money. For large equipment like engineering, a day off means a huge loss.
In view of the staffing structure of the first-tier distributor companies, Jiangsu and Shandong, the total number of service workers is 50%, while the remaining 50% are sales, finance, and administration. The company has a good reputation through service-building and customer-motivation, which enhances trust and satisfaction, and has a better reputation than any other. In conclusion: through the above analysis, we find that a great enterprise is growing up with such advantages as corporate culture, management systems, talent, products, research and development, marketing, services, etc.
In the long run, the three-pronged workforce will move from new machine sales to after-sales services, financial services markets, and accelerate the transition to manufacturing services. Through the cycle, the main thrust of this paper is: a deeper understanding of the core assets of the manufacturing industry through a three-pronged process of industrial growth and the development of the engineering and machinery industry, and at the same time, a better understanding of the core assets of the manufacturing industry.
Wa'an research – expanding the value of investment – the industry’s landscape continues to outpace expectations. By contrast with the diggers, we believe that the main reason for the current cycle’s continuation is demand diversification and participation.
In terms of short-term (costs, start-up rates), medium-term (machine replacements + updated needs security mats), long-term (urbanization + exports), the engineering and machinery industry will continue, and the excavator industry will grow throughout the year 2021. Through business lines and corporate financial analysis, we believe that three or two jobs have significantly improved in terms of profitability and quality, asset and capital structure, and resilience to risk compared to the previous cycle.
At this stage of company development, there is still room for improvement in the value of the Triple One valuation and market value. The best comparison with Caterpillar in the 1950-1970 period is with the company.
Digitalization drives efficiency gains and internationalization supports them through cycles. We believe that the digital transformation of Tri-One can be understood as three levels: one that promotes the business dimension of business improvement, decline, efficiency; two that of manufacturing services, bringing about changes in their own business model and new value growth points; and three that of external empowerment, helping other manufacturing enterprises to digitalize the transition and completely open up the boundaries of corporate growth. Companies adhere to internationalization strategies to enhance global market competitiveness, with a “one-way-by-the-clock” approach.
In the stock market game, the three-tier enterprise will be the leader, guided by the two strategies of digitization and internationalization, and will rely on product advantages (performance, services, etc.) + supply chain advantages (scale effects, lower costs, high bargaining power) + financial advantages (with capital investment in R & D) and will continue to rob.
The city is dominated, and it is driven by innovation to build a deeper branded moat, which is baptized by a wave of sand, and which eventually leads to “the king is the king, the strong are the strong.” Huaansecurities
Waran Research: Expanding the value of investment, trillion-grade core assets of mechanically engineered devices, compared to two cycles, this round has grown very differently.
Step-by-step, four core advantages lead to a strong future path, a digital drop-down, and internationalization opens up space.
There's still room to raise the market value and valuation levels of the 3 1 1 1 1-weight workforce, to downgrade the cyclical nature of the industry, and to focus on the growth of the company.
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values — 1.1 Engineering Mechanic Race Character: Large Markets, Generating Global Block Investment Opportunities khl data show that 20,297.5 billion dollars were sold in 2019, the highest ever in 2010-2019 in the global engineering and machinery market space of nearly 10 years.
The average global sales for the last decade have been $165.58 billion, and the engineering and machinery industry, in terms of total, is a trillion-class track, with enough high ceilings to produce large market-valued businesses, with a lot of opportunity to open up.
▪ 1.1.1 The engineering machinery plate is a global core asset, with large market value firms rising in the United States, Japan, and a share in the United States, and showing a small opportunity to see from Bloomberg that three of the top ten companies with a market value for the machine manufacturing plate (excluding semiconductor equipment) belong to the engineering machinery plate, Catpel (cat.n, main building, mining and forestry machinery), Dir (de.n, main farm machine), cnh (cnhi.n, main farm machine).
At present, the global flagship in engineering machinery has reached $43.657 billion in 2019, with profits of $3.897 billion and a market value of approximately $10.533 billion (2021/01/08). (Rearing for the research/extending investment value 1.1.1 Engineering machinery plate is a global core asset, with large market-marketed businesses in the United States, Japan and a share in the market and a portfolio presenting plated opportunities.)
Of the top 10 companies with a market value for the manufacture of machinery in Japan, the Engineering and Mechanics Corporation holds three seats, namely, the Pine Group (6301.t, Main Construction and Mining Machinery), the Kubo Fields (6326.t, Main Agricultural Machinery) and the Yokotaku Machines (6305.t, Main Construction Mining Machinery). At present, the market value of the Kubo Fields is equal to that of Matsuma, which amounts to $28,553 million and $26,376 million, respectively (2021/01/08).
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values: 1.1.1 Engineering Mechanic Blocks is a global core asset, with large market value companies rising in the United States, Japan and a share, and presenting plate opportunities. According to the Wind Industry Classification (deleting semiconductor equipment), the top ten engineering machines in the mechanical manufacturing plate occupy five seats, three heavy jobs and a constant fluid.
Engineering machinery is a well-deserved core asset of a mechanical manufacturing plate, with a large market value, a large number of companies and a steady upward growth, while there is still much room for improvement in market value and valuation compared to overseas enterprises.
1.1.2 Three-time jobs compared to the foreign Carter, the market value of Matsuma, and there is still room for improvement in the valuation. According to the collection price on 8 January 2020, the market value of Caterpillar was $6,833.29 million yuan, the market value of the tri-time job was $34,277 million, and the market value of 31 was about half that of Cart. In 2019, Carter and Trinity collected $35,36.6 billion, and 75.7 billion yuan, respectively, with profits of $42,11.5 billion, and income of 3119 was less than Carter.
One-fourth of the profits are less than one-third of Carter's profits, but compared to Carter's and Pine's are still growing fast. According to Bloomberg's unanimous expectations and our financial projections for Trinity, in 2020, the performance of China's leading companies rose passively, and Carter's net profits were about RMB 20.9 billion, yoy-50.66%, corresponding to about 30x, and Pine's net profits were about 51.72 Huaan securities.
1.2 Characteristics of the Engineering Mechanical Race II: The heterogeneity of engineering machinery and the diversity of its taps.
Engineering machinery, as an important component of the heavy-equipment manufacturing industry, is called engineering machinery, as long as it involves the complete automated machinery necessary for the construction and maintenance of buildings and urban surfaces, mobile cranes, etc. The machinery can generally be divided into excavators, earth mowers, cranes, crushing machines, concrete machines, etc.
1.2 Characteristics of the Engineering Mechanical Race II: The heterogeneity of the engineering machinery and the diversity of the breakdowns.
Global sales of engineering machinery: North America’s top demand country, China’s second largest demand country, North America’s second largest demand country, and China’s second. From global sales of engineering machinery, North America’s share was 30.9% in 2018, and China’s share of 23.0% was second only to North America’s second largest global market. In terms of sales, China accounted for 26.4%, the largest market, and North America’s 17.3%, the second largest market.
The sales income and sales share are not the same, reflecting differences in product structure between different regions. We divide sales by a rough estimate of sales in different regions, with US$ 17.39 million per unit of equipment in North America, US$ 8.5 million in China, and almost twice as much in North America as in our country, which is the main reason for the difference.
We believe that, on the one hand, there may be differences in product marketing structures, with most of the leading firms in the North American market being dominated by high prices, large tonnages, such as mining machines in the Caterpillare, and the current low configuration of the Trinity Hosting Plant, which also reflects the scope for upgrading the products of domestic head enterprises and the continued abundance of product types; on the other hand, there may also be links to the pricing system, with higher costs for foreign firms, raw materials, etc., and therefore higher prices for the same products.
Huaann Research — Expanding the value of investments 1.2 Characteristics of the Engineering Mechanics Race II: Engineering machines are so diverse and have a variety of niches. From a global market perspective, engineering machinery has reached a period of maturity and stability, and competitors have entered the stock game stage that makes it difficult for new market entrants.
In the last decade, the trend towards further growth in top firms has not been significant. In 2007-2019,cr5 fluctuated from 45% to below and cr10 from 63% to below.
Haaansecurities Huaan Research — Expanding Investment Values — Global Engineering and Machinery ranking in 2019
• 1.2 Characteristics of the Engineering Mechanical Race II: The heterogeneity of engineering machinery and the diversity of breakdowns from 2010 to 2019, as reflected in the evolution of the global share of engineering and mechanical head companies, the foreign brand of Carter and Matsuma's shares were squeezed to varying degrees, and the country's products were produced.
In 2019, the Chinese brand occupied three seats in the world’s top 10 engineering and machinery companies, namely Xu-Teeng (highest ranking in the world, with 5.5% in the city), three groups (highest in the world, 5.4% in the city), and the Central Quality Section (higher in the world, with 3.1% in the city).
In the following graph, we can see three obvious turning points in the reverse cycle of the excavator industry:
In June 2009, the rate of increase in excavator sales turned negative. In May 2011, the rate of increase in excavator sales was reversed by positive. In May 2011, the rate of increase in excavator sales was reversed by positive (40 trillion investment closure + zero down payment demand, digestion overheating). In May 2016, the rate of increase in excavator sales was reversed by negative reversals. (Build property & municipal & environmental governance + machine + two cutter + end of useful life)
In terms of temporal dimensions, we refer to the June 2009-April 2011 period as the “last cycle” and the May 2016-present period as the “last cycle of the current round,” which continues with multiple influences. Chart: monthly sales of industrial excavators are on a par with the rate of increase over the 2007-2020 period.
One excavator increases monthly by the same speed (%) Vaaan Research - Expanding Investment Value 1.3 Engineering Mechanical Race Character III: Periodic, but Volatile
The lead business is ahead of the industry and lags behind in the industry’s reversal. In the case of three or more workers, it is clear from the point of turn and the continuity of the excavator sales: when the industry is good, the lead business is aware that it is going back and up and back, and when the industry is going down, the lead business is going to be able to keep growing for some time before it's going down.
In July 2011, the Trinity Excavator passed from positive to negative, three months behind the industry (in 2010, the Trinity Excavator was injected into the public company).
The previous wave peaked in 2011, at about 178,000, and has since declined for four consecutive years, with sales in 2015.
As a result of the recovery of the industry in 2016, sales have continued to grow at a high rate, with 328,000 excavators in 2020, compared to 39%. In the future, sales of excavators, with the effect of a high base, will slow down gradually, but the overall performance will be stable and there will be no significant fluctuations (the reasons will be analysed later).
In comparison with the two cycles, the growth of this round is very different.
Chart: Tracking the chain of events in the engineering and machinery industry: long-term credit rating report for the 3 1 1 1 major industry, for reference only)
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Value — Combining Industrial Chains — Main Machines and Parts Enterprises accomplishing each other — Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values
2.1 Scene Continuity - The recovery cycle in the excavator industry is more resilient in its current cycle, starting from June 2009 to date, and changes in the excavator industry can be divided into three phases: the overall low annual excavator landscape.
In April 2018, the high-base effect of the recovery cycle in the excavator industry became apparent, and the volume of excavator sales in 2020 exceeded expectations. According to monthly data, the excavator industry started in April 2018 against a high base.
The same rate of growth is falling monthly, from an average of more than 80 per cent in the first four months to about 15 per cent in November-December; the industry was overheating in the short term in 2019, with high seasonal volatility in sales, and the research of Huaann — expanding the value of investment — 2.1 causes of the continued contour.
1. Demand diversification. (1) Additional demand: diversification of investment directions and increased machine penetration; (2) updated demand: maturity of stock of equipment, environmental standards, increasingly driving equipment upgrading: (3) export demand: one-way drive, overseas construction, and export markets can be highly specialized for two participating subjects. (1) supply layer: five-year adjustment period: clean and backward production capacity, rise at the top, careful competition, reduced probability of excess capacity; (2) user layer: from
b2c shift to b2b, user professionalism & rationality, reduced overdraft demand and industry stability.
2.1.1 Diversification of demand - investment diversification - investment in real estate, capital investment - drops in the current cycle of investment in real estate development.
The share of digging sales has been “skinning.” In June 2020, real-estate development investment data were positive, and in July capital data were positive. In the second half of 2020, investment in large-scale projects picked up rapidly, and downstream demand was strong in the context of restarting and catching up.
Huaann Research: Expanding Investment Values 2.1.1 Diversification of Demand - Diversification of Investment, Diversification of Investment - Investments in Mines
Since 2016, the state has strengthened environmental protection and civil blast control, and in this context, the alternatives have built on their own, more environmentally friendly and efficient features, and the industry’s penetration rate has increased. On the supply side of resources such as coal, cement, and so on, reforms have been made, product prices have risen, businesses have recovered, and investments in fixed assets such as coal and non-metal mines have increased at a similar rate.
Investments in fixed assets in the mining industry are still in the recovery phase after the epidemic has passed. In early 2020, affected by the epidemic, the start of work was blocked, and, as the country’s epidemic was well under control, there was an increase in the sale of excavators in March. In terms of fixed asset investment, the investment in fixed assets in the mining industry is still in the recovery phase, and the volume of large excavations is increasing less rapidly than in the industry.
Huaann Research – Expanding the value of investment – 2.1.1 Diversity of demand – machine-to-man – machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-man, machine-to-to-man, micro-digger.
Digging is low in value and short in recycling cycles; machine operations are more efficient in manual operations and lower labour costs. Microdigging and digging are widely used in everyday life, such as farm construction, snow shoveling, portering, farm reclamation, etc..2 Small-scale earthwork is on the rise. Unlike last-cycle real estate investments, which are the main pull factor, the role of infrastructure in this cycle is more prominent, with a large number of municipal works, countrysides, etc.
Village construction, urbanization and construction have led to numerous small-scale earthworks that have created demand for small digs.
Refurbishment needs - stock market, end of life, excavator life between 6 and 10 years. Excavator life is closely related to the condition of the worker, usually updated after 5 to 6 years of small and medium-drawling use, often in industries such as mines, requiring renewal for about 3 years. Life expectancy varies from brand to brand, and there is still a two-phone market, usually between 8 and 15 years.
Domestic markets are turning to stock markets. The last-cycle industry is in a new market, and now, 10 years later, the domestic market is turning to stock markets, brands and tons of diggers are moving forward.
2.1.1 Diversity of demand - updating demand - environmental requirements are becoming more stringent. We are now applying three standards for countries that were introduced in 2016, four standards for countries that are expected to be introduced in December 2022, and the tightening of emission standards is a catalyst for stable industrial demand and the upgrading of equipment.
Once the country's four standards are in place, the equipment will be phased out. According to the actual demand of 300,000 in 2020, we now have close to 2 million excavators, more than 1 million ex-country excavators, and once the country's four emission standards are officially in place, the new engine produced at the mainframe will have to be a national four-standard engine, allowing for a new peak in the concentration of old machines and, to some extent, stimulating the centralized sale of stock machines.
The emission standards of developed countries abroad are stricter and earlier, and our future emissions are more stringent. The three standards for our current country were introduced on 1 April 2016. The United States was first in 1996 and Europe in 1999, and we are about 10 years behind the United States and Europe.
Chart: Four Country Criteria expected to be in place in mid-2021
Export markets rose. The share of export markets rose markedly during the current round, from 1.7 per cent in 2010 to 11.3 per cent in 2019, and the share of export markets rose significantly. Exports fell slightly in 2020, but remained high.
In absolute terms, export market sales have continued to grow steadily since 2015, reaching 30.5 million exports in the first 11 months of 2020, or 28.82%. Foreign market base is low and growing, and demand will continue to grow. As the overseas epidemic has been brought under control, there is much to be gained from overseas markets.
2.1.1 Diversification of demand - demand for exports The size of the overseas market is significant, while the country’s current export market is still relatively low and has much to offer in the future. According to aem, in 2019 there were 542,000 global excavators, 191,000 in China, or 35.2%, and 351,000 in the overseas market, or 64.8% (the foreign market is ranked as American, Japanese, English, German, French).
From 2015 to 2019, China’s excavator export markets accounted for 2.1 per cent, 2.7 per cent, 3.0 per cent, 5.3 per cent and 7.6 per cent, respectively, and showed a trend of growth, with foreign markets remaining largely around 350,000.
2.1.2 The participating entities are more professional - supply side, supply layer - the rise of the poles, careful competition, 1 production lags out, industry entry barriers rises. In the last cycle, overheating investment and the wealth effects of engineering machinery have led to a massive influx of lay players, plus
Overcapacity; at the same time, domestic product plates are sold mostly for less value-added equipment, and industry entry barriers are lower. After a five-year adjustment period, the industry entry barriers rise as production levels rise in the middle and large countries. 2 Prudent competition, with low probability of excess capacity. With the emergence of a leader, a super-high competition pattern gradually emerges.
Huaann Research — Expanding the Value of Investment 2.1.2 Main subjects involved are more professional - user level  user level — b2c shift to b2b.
Users are more professional and rational. Users are younger, more professional and more experienced in the current cycle. Client composition shifts from b2c to b2b, with fewer individual users, more customers from renters, more professional and more experienced. Compared to the past, clients have increased access, information asymmetries have decreased, customers are less likely to buy two overdrafts, and industry stability has increased. Overheating in the real estate sector and information asymmetries in the last cycle have led to a significant overflow of demand when the industry goes down.
There has been a precipitous fall. Clients buy more rationally, demand more likely, industry more stable during the cycle. Chart: Engineering and mechanical users are mostly between 25 and 34 years old.
Low-quality clients are eliminated, and strong and experienced clients are preserved.
The competitiveness of the 2.2-country product plate is very different - the country's market recognition has increased, the pattern has been reshaped, the country's production has been reversed: between 2006 and 2020, the share of the local market in the national product plate has risen from 10.69% to 70.06%, the share of the Japanese and Korean family has declined significantly, and the share of the European and American capital market in the second mobile phone market has been increasing. Ten years ago, our market for excavators was almost a foreign brand, especially the Japanese and Korean family, whose products are of high quality.
High performance, not only in the new machine market, but also in the second cellular market, which is well rated by its users because of the high residual rate. Second cellular holdings and transactions are also in the forefront, compared to the number of cell phones traded by Digger II from 2018 to 2019 published by the Iron Carnet: the share of national product cards rose significantly, to 44.5 per cent in 2019, close to half a wall, while, with the exception of Europe and the United States, the share of Japanese and Korean cellular market transactions declined.
Huaann Research — Expanding the value of investment  2.2 country product plate competitiveness is very different – customer selection criteria tend to favour the country's product plate, master charterers, first of all, quality, brand influence, and post-sale service grass-roots capacity.
Subcontractors buy machines, giving priority to the overall price of the product. Subcontractors need to bring equipment and hands on the site, and the cost of carrying out the work, so the overall cost of the equipment is more important than the price. So the chances of choosing a national license plate are higher.
In the context of capital projects, municipal construction, etc., construction tasks are assigned to subcontractors by way of tenders, resulting in a higher frequency of sub-contractors and a decrease in the total number of total charterers, which contributes to an increase in the penetration rate of national product plates.
Since its inception, three-time workers have built a fundamental land market and promoted growth through the construction of domestic infrastructure and the urbanization of the country.
After a baptism of the last cycle, in 2016, the competitiveness, profitability, and resilience of firms to risk increased significantly, and corporate development as a whole has moved to a new level in the current cycle. As the three-digitization and globalization strategies advance, they are moving towards a global industrial and mechanical breakthrough.
iii. Step-by-step, four core strengths leading to strong a. Huaann Research — Expanding Investment Value — 3.1.311 Developments
In 1989, the Hunan Welding Materials Factory was officially established, in 1992, the Trinity Group was established, in 1994, the Trinity Group invested in the creation of Tri-One Industry Company Limited, in 2000, the largest share of the domestic market in the company's concrete machinery business, and in 2011, the company's mechanical excavations went beyond foreign brands to become the country's first, in 2019, the group received hundreds of millions of dollars for the first time, and in 2020 the group gained the highest income in the entire industry. Since its inception, the company has taken only 30 years to grow from a start-up small company to be the leader of the engineering industry.
In 2003, three-timers were on the market, and in 20 years, companies grew together with investors, and they stood the test of the capital market. As of January 8, 2020, companies had a market value of $342.3 billion, ranked first in the mechanical industry, 37th in the whole industry, and actually in the manufacturing industry.
He created the Lake South Welding to buy the German Puzmi deep focus overseas.
Materials factory (Thirty One Group! Quantities, high pressure concrete! China’s first long-arm mixer! and mixer vehicle assets.
Concrete transport pump vehicle. Proposing a "double-in" concrete machine in-country
Three heavy machines and the country.
In the early days of the company's listing, only concrete and surface machinery were available. In 2020, the product included a variety of products such as machines, cranes, and pyrotechnics, in addition to concrete machinery, surface machinery. In 30 years, the company grew from a start-up company to a leader in the engineering and machinery industry, and the product was enriched and internationalized.
The Bureau is expanding, and is currently the world’s largest manufacturer of concrete machinery, and the largest and fifth-highest engineering flagship in China. Together, it accounts for 85.64% of the total, so we need to look at the revenue growth of Trinity in the future, and, most importantly, at these three lines of business.
It's got a lot of flowers, it's a concrete business, it's a concrete business. It's a concrete machine, it's been developed in 1993, it's the country's top 2000 and it's the world's largest in 2009.
The first sales were made in 2012 to acquire concrete machinery called Elephant, which re-created the industry by Germany's owner, Putsmeister. The third option is to start with concrete, which is a combination of the background of the times, market patterns, and product characteristics.
Since 2006, the trio has been pouring into the group's engineering assets, building on concrete pumps and road machinery, gradually forming concrete machines and surface machines.
Engineering machinery in the fields of machinery, excavating machinery, pyrotechnic machinery, crane machinery, industrial vehicles, etc. The product is more diversified. Since 2010, the share of excavating machinery has been growing year by year.
This has led to a decline in the share of concrete machinery, which has so far created a situation in which excavating machinery, concrete machinery, crane machinery, and the value of investment have been expanded.
Hwayan Research, Expanding Investment Values, Charts: Tri-I Work Products, Hwayan Research, Expanding Investment Values,
In recent years, the share of revenues from the company's dredging business has been rising. In 2020, h1, the company's mechanical excavation business received $18,649 million, or 37.9 per cent, the company's first largest research and development of investment values.
Industry concentration: In 2020, 54% of the first three combined cities in the industry, cr10 = 86.8%, compared to the United States, where the United States market was about 80% in 2012, the concentration of excavators in our industry is still on the rise, and the share of leading firms is expected to continue to rise. The share of cities continues to rise. In 2020, the first five cities were in the order of 31 (27.97%), Xujia (15.87%), Carter (10.3%), and on-call (8.17%)
· Willows (7.89%), of which three stocked 91,623 excavators throughout the year, with 27.97% in the city, tops the industry by comparison with +2.2pt.
In contrast to the changing pattern of industry, the rise of leading firms has been followed by a larger rise in large ton-diggers, and there is still room for improvement in comparison with the average ton of foreign ton. The change in the structure of three to one worker tonnages: the increase in the share of medium-to-large ton-diggers has been even greater, mainly because of the high level of recognition in the large ton market in the tri-tonary series since July 2018, the high level of sales and the rise in the share of medium-to-large digs.
Due to the high value of large-scale excavations, the small number of players and the better pattern, the future of large-scale excavations is where the value of these mainframes is won. From our research, the interest rate for large-scale dredging is basically higher than the 10 pct, the future increase in the share of large-scale excavations, and their optimal structure can also counter the negative impact of hedge price competition on the Māori rate.
Chart: Comparison of the rate of increase in the number of tons of the three-time workers in the city with the number of tons in the city, the Huaann study, the value of the investments, the number of flowers in the product, the diggers: the second logic is the product structure upgrade.
In 2020, 31,87 tons, 98 tons, 125 tons, and 3 tons of super-digging were laid down to complete “full-air cover” from 1.6 tons to 200 tons. On 10 January 2021, the Trinity Group issued an official announcement that Sy 870hpro entered the largest open-air coal mine in China — the open-air coal mine of the Fort Prey An — not only represents the recognition of three large digs by the first open-air coal mine, but also means that the national product plate is once again replacing imports.
Improved comfort: increased cab sealing, improved air conditioner performance, reduced noise and vibration, improved driver driving comfort maintenance: desert filtering, selection with automatic lubrication, reduced daily maintenance effort Reliability enhancement: >2000 hours, 10,000 hours without major malfunctions
Chart excavator sy750/sy870/sy980/sy1250 shows the value of Wa'an's research — expanding investment — producing more flowers — excavator: second logic is product structural upgrading.
According to the latest data, our excavator averaged 15.5 tons, compared to 20 tons in Euro-American and Japanese brands, and there was room for improvement.
In the next few years, the domestic market has increased, the export market has been rising, and the revenue from the excavator has continued to grow at a positive rate: we have divided the revenue from the excavator in the first half of 2020 by an average price of 4.35 million, and will compete and restructure in the future, assuming that the price of the excavator will remain constant. The market is worried that the domestic market will decline in the future, and we expect that export sales will continue to grow at a high rate after the recovery of the offshore economy in 2021, assuming 2021-2011.
The rate of increase in the export of excavators is 60 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively. Huaann Research - Expanding the Value of Investment - Concrete Mechanics (with pumps, mixers, blending stations, etc.) is one of the first operations the company started in 1993 and 2000 became the number one in the country.
With the determination of the status of Trinity's mechanical tap, the share of the excavator camps has gradually increased, and the share of the concrete camps has gradually declined since 2014. In 2020, h1, concrete research, Wa'an, and investment value expansion, three-by-one concrete units have been classified by product: pump, mixer, blending station, towing pump, and in terms of income, about 50% of the total is pumped (market share)
In 2019, concrete machinery generated 23.2 billion dollars, of which about 6 billion were Pumays, and the rest were domestic market revenues, which fluctuated annually.
We believe that the life of the mixer is 8-9 years, the useful life of the mixer station is 15 years, and the useful life of the pump and pump is 12 years. The life of the concrete machine is more than that of the excavator, which will be delayed until the excavator begins to recover, and that, with the dual effect of the start-up and update cycle, the concrete machine is about to take off.
Later than the excavator, concrete machines are expected to continue the scenery. (Renewing demand: life + emissions + lightly quantified, new demand: urbanization)
20.02 per cent, 5.81 pct less than the previous year, mainly due to the impact of the heavy-price war since the first half of the year.
▪ Multi-product flowering -- concrete machines are similar, cranes have a long life, and, with the dual role of starting order and updating cycles, car cranes are expected to regenerate later than excavators. Historical data show that cranes lag slightly behind the excavators for a year to begin to recover.
Hwayan Research - Expanding Investment Values - Other Business: Important Supplements to Corporate Business Hwayan Research - Expanding Investment Values
▪ 3.3 Core advantage one: management advantage: decentralized corporate equity, with the chairman of the board being the company ' s real controller. 30.17% of the three groups hold the company ' s first shareholder, actual control of the firm ' s real control of 2.78%, indirect shares 17.12%, and total shares 19.90%. Companies ' multiple equity incentives bind core executives, increase managerial motivation, and deputy chairman
To Wenbo, directors Tang Shukang and Yi Xiaogang have indirectly held shares in listed companies through the group. We believe that engineering machines have different elements of competition at different stages of development, but that the core is not regulated.
The corner group, which manages the first Tang Quixiang+strategist first-person Vombo+Technology first-person Xiaogang, plays a key role in corporate development. Huaann Research – Expanding the value of investment – core advantage two – channel advantage
>Participator, growing up with distributors. Domestically, trio workers, through stockbrokers, make distributors the link between companies and customers, and establish deep relationships with distributors. On the one hand, distributors can obtain more commissions through higher sales, on the other hand, trio workers can earn more through higher sales, and trio workers and distributors can earn more.
This model can be used to serve clients more efficiently or to respond to clients ' needs in a timely manner. Chart: Three Dealers, Huaan Research: Expanding Investment Values
Core Strength II - Channels 3 1x1 sales costs include sales commissions, salary benefits, promotional and advertising expenses, product transportation expenses, other, including sales commissions
It's big. Sales commissions are rising as a percentage of sales costs in 2016-2019, and three-timers value the interests of distributors and have good incentives for distributors. Sales commissions are increasing as a percentage of sales revenues in 2016-2019.
Hwayan Research — Expanding the value of investment Core advantage three — Research and development (R & D) Sustained increase in R & D investment and the share of skilled personnel.
\triangleright, in terms of R & D spending. Companies continue to increase their R & D investment, with R & D spending accounting for about 5% of revenue since 2013. In 2019, the combined cost and capitalization of R & D expenditure amounted to $4.7 billion, or 6.21% of revenue, and innovation was high.
In 2019, the company had a total of 32.04 technicians, or 17.37 per cent of the total, who were rapidly climbing.
Chart: The new product continued to be introduced in Trinity in 2019.
The service system industry is a leader, committed to improving user satisfaction and dependency. Three-hundred and seventy-seven thousand technicians, with more than 1700 service centres worldwide, are able to deliver 365 x 24 full-time service, arrive on site within two hours, and fail within one day.
According to research, in Jiangsu province, for example, 50% of the company’s distributors are service workers.
• Administrative and logistical personnel;
During this cycle, the net profit from the company's collection and return, against a high base, has been increasing in innovation, as the company's market position has increased and its profitability has increased.
In 2016-2019, the company’s revenue end capr was 48.13% and the profit end capr was 280.77%, compared to the growth of the previous cycle.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a net cash flow of 11.24 billion yuan, yoy+16. During the current cycle, the company’s cash flow became more abundant, highlighting the viability of the division’s operations.
During the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved a 30.30 per cent Māori sales rate, a 2.24 pcc decrease in the same year; a 17.47 per cent net sales interest rate, an increase of 1.44 pct in the same year; and a period fee.
During this cycle, the net interest rate on corporate Maori rates has continued to rise, cost controls have been effective, and corporate profitability has been rising. Huaan Research – the value of investment has expanded, with corporate cash flows of $3.34 billion a year. 2018-2020q3, the net increase in corporate cash flows has been influenced by positive and negative investment-oriented cash flows, and companies have improved their efficiency in cash utilization.
To increase the investment in financial products, Huaann studies — to expand the value of investments — sells goods and provides services with cash in excess of 95% of the average for a basic calendar year, and cash flows are normal.
Between 2016 and 2019, the proportion of cash paid by companies for goods purchased and services received increased, and the proportion paid to workers declined, indicating that the effects of the company’s size were gradually emerging.
In terms of the composition of a company's liquid assets, the share of accounts receivable continues to decline, and the company improves asset liquidity by securitizing assets (abs) while reducing correspondence.
The share of corporate monetary funds + traded financial assets has increased significantly with the risk of impairment. In terms of the share of non-current assets, the ratio of fixed assets is the highest consistent with the traditional manufacturing industry.
In terms of the composition of the current liability, the absolute amount and ratio of “receivables + receivables” has continued to rise, the firm's ability to negotiate upstream as a whole has continued to increase, the absolute amount and share of advance receipts are low, and are related to the industry's competitive and product sales patterns. In terms of the composition of the non-current liability, this is required to meet the company's business needs.
Waran Research, Expanding Investment Values,roe Comparison -- There's still room to improve the future, compared to historical heights.
* How do you understand the three levels of digital upgrading in Trinity?
Huaann Research – Expanding Investment Values – Digitalization at Group Level: Step-by-Step Transition Upgrading Strategy – firmly pushes for a new era of digital transformation and industrial connectivity. The company’s digital smart manufacturing layout is forward-looking and, as early as 2008, industry was unaware of it.
When information and digitization are important, corporate smart welding robots have been applied to actual production; in 2013, Internet+strategic planning was formalized; in 2018, companies digitized their business-wide processes (procurement, R & D, production, sales, equipment data collection, feedback services); in 2020, the traditional mes manufacturing implementation system was upgraded and the mom management system project was launched, with the aim of creating a unified management platform for a growing number of future intelligent plants.
Digitalization + digitalization of supply chains + digitalization of research and development + digitalization of finance + digitalization of decision-making, smarter than shoulder-to-back global leader Caterpillar. Chart: III-I industrial digital transformation development history Chart: five modules of company digitization
• Presentation of the Outline of the Tri-One Manufacturing Technology Programme, which began the construction of Company 18 (the lighthouse plant) • Full commissioning in 2012 and the large-scale commissioning of welding robots • the establishment of a process information headquarters at the Group level
• Establishment of information management mechanisms, development of strategic planning for the Internet + industry Digitalization of decision-making Digitalization of supply chains
• In vitro incubation of roots to create intelligent manufacturing operations, to collect “big data” (production equipment monitoring, product performance), to change the single pattern of past material networking services and to upgrade the ecologic aspects of the industrial chain smart clusters • To advance digital and intellectual upgrading across the board, including research and development, supply chains, marketing services, finance, etc.
• The re-upgrading of the lighthouse plant, the start-up of the mom manufacturing management system project, a unified management platform for all lighthouse plants • the future capacity and efficiency of the lighthouse plant can still be further enhanced, and the demand for manpower and space occupancy further reduced
▪ 4.1.2 Plant-level digitization: smart manufacturing addresses the pains of the traditional discrete manufacturing industry Digital smart factories address the pains of the discrete manufacturing industry. Three are typical discrete manufacturing enterprises, with numerous product lines, fragmented and independent manufacturing patterns, resulting in two major pains: i, large spare parts, complex processing processes; ii, high product homogenization and increased customer customization needs.
A new model of intelligent manufacturing should be created for the “product mix-up of demersal water.” The third-first smart factory (the lighthouse plant) – the building of plant 18 – is 100,000 square metres, the largest single-body production plant in Asia, with multiple assembly lines, such as concrete machinery, surface machinery, port machinery, etc., to achieve a high degree of flexible production.
Chart: Multi-grade blending, flow-line production model 4244 (-225c) Huaann Research — Expanding Investment Values
▪ 4.1.23 One smart plant overall structure provides a link between enterprise informatization and various resources such as manufacturing equipment, production materials, human resources, etc., and enables enterprises to manage digitally from digital design to digital manufacturing digitized control digitized equipment closed loop control. Digital plant modelling platforms, industrial design software, and full product life in a three-dimensional environment.
Application of cyclical management systems for digital R & D and synergies; multi-workshop coordinated manufacturing environment planning and implementation of integration, logistics distribution agility, quality control synergies, blending of production with individualized products, and integration management of people, money, goods, information; use of smart equipment such as automated stereo banks/agv, automatic up-and-down materials, and m2m intelligent transformation of equipment to achieve interconnectivity between goods, people and goods and handshake; multi-source I.S. data collection and multi-source I.D. data collection based on networked technology
Integrating industrial interconnection networks, drive sector operations and application depths in support of full integration of digital workshops.
Huaann Research — Expanding Investment Values — Digital Manufacturing — 4.1.2 Machines are highly humanized Lighthouse Plants are fully digitized, Automation of five processes is upgraded and successfully achieved: Subloads, shapes, welds, drones; coatings and low assembly
The Director of the Triad Industry, Mr. Qinghua, said at the World Internet Congress that the tri-group had evaluated and optimized 12,000 of the 30 industrial parks under its flag, connecting it with different standards. By way of upgrading, the utilization rate of the tri-group has increased from 25% to 30% to 75% to 80%, and the efficiency of one device is about the same as that of the previous three units. The total number of units has been reduced to 6,000. In the next three to five years, the Tri-group plans to bring industrial workers out of industry.
26,000 to 3,000, increasing the number of engineers from 3,000 to 30,000. Sun-hwa said that the focus of the group would shift from manufacturing to innovation, combining the t, ot (operational technology) with cloud intelligence in the manufacturing process, at which time the industry would apply or “all-out-of-the-horizon.”
Unmanned, drones, smart paints.
Intelligent. Smart Skycars pump cars — mechanical hands and smart scores.
• Welding robots on board, automatic identification of steel plate shapes, debugging process in real time
The building of steel plates from the sorting equipment collaborations with the visual information system,
I'm going to have to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it, and I'm going to do something about it.
• Complete large, medium and small
Auto-associated spray range, word-to-word wrench and intelligence — smart dispatch double-gun three.
Smart sorting, identifying parts in form and automatic slags, lasers.
Positions for high-speed plasma, location of parts, • transport from steel plates,
The cutter cuts, numbers, code frames, self-welding accuracy.
Up to the completion of the processing, sent to warm humidity, energy consumption auto-regulating, both
All the way to black light.
▪ 4.1.2 For example, a machine-smart factory, a blueprint for intelligent manufacturing.
“High, beautiful, fast” is a three-fold feature of the lighthouse plant. The first is efficient production, with a 40% reduction in production cycle, a 50% increase in capacity and an 80% increase in automation. The second is the work environment, with the landscape of the company’s 18.
The company is currently building eight lighthouse plants and is planning to implement all 20+ smart transformations in 2021, covering the entire product line. 1 Smart adaptation inputs are limited: the smart transformation of lighthouse plant No. 18, with an investment of about 200-300 million yuan, continues to build on the company’s already largely scalding effect.
Huaann Research — Expanding Investment Value — 4.1.3 Smart Plants have a significant advantage of 64.02 per cent, which shows a significant increase in the level of automation of company production and in per capita income generation as a result of streamlined management.
In the context of digitalization, smart factories have worked well and the number of workers has declined, and technical staff have done so.
As a result of the upgrading, technicians are demanding a higher academic background, the staff of Trinity as a whole is improving, and the good, hardworking, smart blue collar is opening up to the public.
Corporate in vitro incubation of roots, building of a cloud platform to drive industrial chain smart cluster ecology. As an industrial Internet enabling platform, after 12 years of technological accumulation and over 2 billion cumulative inputs, more than 81 industries have been provided with solutions based on “connection, calculation, application, innovation” covering 95% of mainstream industrial controllers, supporting over 400 industrial protocols, accessing over 690,000 industrial equipment, and successfully building 20 industrial chains (engineering machinery, new energy equipment, etc.)
Networking platforms. Three-in-one drives the growth of mature intelligent manufacturing models into other industrial chains, the formal opening of industrial interconnection systems, which connects more than 100 billion assets, and the demonstration effect of the flagship poles.
The internationalization of Trinity, with no direct choice of M&As, and the biggest trap for foreign acquisitions was cultural differences, so in the first 10 years of overseas deployment, Trinity chose the path of foreign factories and subsidiaries, and in 2000, Trinity formed an international ministry; in 2002, Trinity India opened its office and formally began to globalize; when it matured to deal with cultural traps, management traps, different corporate governance traps, it began to do so.
In 2012, Germany was acquired in Psmeister; in 2013, the international marketing community was expanding; the company is now largely internationalized in terms of R & D, manufacturing and marketing, effectively improving market competitiveness, with the first half of 2020, when the overseas epidemic fermented, corporateization challenges were opportunities, and market shares were reversed, with a significant increase in the share of excavators in major markets such as North America, Europe, India, Australia and South-East Asia.
Hwaan Research — Expanding Investment Values 4.2.1.31 Internationalization strategies – internationalization with a little bit of a face – starts in the supply chain. Accession allows the global advantage to be shared, as the world's top-notch German Luxler hydraulics plus the Doltz diesel + Mercedes.
The chassis, coupled with the three one-size-fits-all structure, creates the world’s most advanced pump, putting the pump technology at the top of the world. In its own words, it is “to upgrade the internationalization of the trinity with internationalized resources”, while overseas suppliers are demanding high, supply cycles are long, Trinity has had to improve its voice by acquiring German firms, and the rise of domestic spare parts firms in the last 10 years has provided a catalyst for the growth of the trinity.
Chart: Three-Eight Industry International Business Layouts Chart: Three-Eight Industry Supplier Profiles Huaan Research — Expanding Investment Values
▪ 4.2.13 Internationalized development strategy - a full-scale global layout of R & D, manufacturing, and sales with a point-blank effect. Through the internationalization strategy of “three steps abroad” (the creation of overseas offices and overseas R & D centres, the creation of overseas manufacturing bases), companies have basically achieved a global, comprehensive layout of R & D, manufacturing and marketing, resulting in four industrial parks plus 12 overseas sales.
Internationalization of R & D to absorb the technological gains of developed countries; internationalization of production, reduction of costs, expansion of capacity, and benefits from emerging market development. The global layout of companies is now almost complete, expanding the global layout of companies.
The market share of the ball has become an important new goal.
Due to localized internationalization strategies, mature markets absorb mainly advanced technology, and emerging markets are the cutting edge for expansion. In terms of the corporate offshore income sub-areas (about $7.5 billion after the elimination of Pumay in 2018), developed regions together contribute about $1-20 billion, which represents a relatively small share, with the United States and Europe accounting for about 7% of the total; in emerging regions like India, Indonesia contributes about $2 billion and $1 billion, respectively, and the South-East Asian market accounts for about 48% of the total.
Figure: Different strategies of companies in mature and emerging markets Chart: Major area share of corporate income abroad (2018, excluding Pumay) • Supply chain, low human cost
• Demand for small digs — South-East Asia (capital construction), Africa, South America — and a strong foreign leader
(Mine) New needs for medium-sized digs Learning: through acquisition (Pumay) and creation Internationalization of production: taking advantage of cost advantages, printing
(a) Research and development centres (Germany, United States), learning, building manufacturing bases in Brazil;
(a) Layout channels: corporate overseas deployments focus on the accumulation of mega-equipment research and development;
Joint venture/leasing model: based on mature market interests to accelerate the increase in the market share; Huaann research to expand the value of investment
4.2.3 I. Progress in internationalization. Changes in the corporate share of overseas revenues can be divided into four phases: 1 2006-2008, the firm’s global profile is nascent, with income rising at an accelerated rate from 0; steady progress, with income from abroad stable and rising; 4 2016 to date, the domestic industry has recovered, and the share of income from abroad has again declined passively.
While the ratio is cyclical, the income scale is generally growing steadily. After global market exploration and basic layout were completed, the 2016-2019 company Huaan Research – Expanding Investment Value – 4.2.3 I Internationalization progress
The market fears that the current international situation (trade friction, China-India conflict, the overseas epidemic) will continue to affect the company ' s overseas expansion, which grew by only 4 per cent in 2019. We believe that, first, the company has achieved, with a point-to-face strategy, a whole industry chain of production for sale in major markets, localized production in India and the United States of America, and further domesticized procurement, effectively avoiding tariff risks; secondly, the engineering machine is the b2b market, where equipment such as excavators, spin drills, etc. is highly standardized.
It is expected that, in the future, as the overseas market gradually absorbs adverse factors, the company’s overseas earnings will continue to expand, playing an important role in ironing out the domestic engineering and machinery industry cycle. Huaann’s research – expanding the value of investment – is expected to increase in the future.
In the first half of 2020, the company earned $6,392 million, or 9.03 per cent, better than expected (-10 per cent-20 per cent). From the point of view of the volume of sales, overall sales fell somewhat in relation to the same amount due to the second quarter of the epidemic.
In terms of income, concrete machinery, excavators, cranes and cranes account for about 40 per cent, 30 per cent, 10 per cent respectively, concrete plate revenues, mostly from Pumay, Germany, and, as Pumay is more affected by the epidemic, the entire overseas concrete plate income is down the same scale, and the rest of the plate income is positive. Overseas market share is rising. For companies, the overseas epidemic is a challenge and an opportunity, with overseas market capacity, marketing systems, marketing systems, etc.
Channel construction is continuing, helping companies to achieve a “crowd-over” and global competitiveness has increased significantly. For example, the first half of 2020 saw a significant increase in the company’s share of excavators in major markets such as North America, Europe, India, Australia, and South-East Asia. Some countries in South-East Asia (Thailand, Indonesia, the Philippines) have achieved the first market share, and overall, given the current low share of company excavators in overseas markets, we believe that there is still much room for improvement in the share of future excavators in overseas markets.
Figure: Export value of engineering machinery in previous years
4.2.33 The opportunity for internationalization has created an important platform for Chinese engineering and mechanical firms to “go out.” From a regional point of view, the “one-way” spans Asia and Africa, linking East Asia and Europe’s economic circles, covering 65 countries, with significant potential for growth in the interior.
From the point of view of cooperation, China has signed nearly 120 “one-way” cooperation agreements with more than 100 countries and international organizations covering areas of cooperation such as infrastructure, productive capacity, investment, trade, finance, science and technology, and society, in which infrastructure connectivity, as a prerequisite for “one-way” cooperation, directly stimulates the export of engineering and machinery, and facilitates the placement of engineering and machinery abroad (offshore M&As, investment plants) between China and other countries and actively engages in global competition.
The average annual demand for capital investment in the booming economies and developing countries is $730 billion, a growth trend.
▪ 4.2.33 I.D. More than 150 countries and territories are exported by more than 70 per cent of their products from overseas sales along the “one-way” route, which is the first brand of 24 countries along the 24 countries. On the “silk route economic belt”, it is built on the “silk route economic belt” of the North-West Park, which is a general layout for north-west, irradiated Central Asia; and overseas industrial bases such as the United States, Germany, etc.
On the “Marine Silk Road of the 21st Century,” along Shanghai, domestic equipment plants such as Shanghai, Zhejiang, Pearl Sea have been created, offshore industrial bases such as India, Indonesia, and tri-Ethiopian industrial parks are being prepared, forming a complete “sea Silk Road” industrial belt.
Figure: Trinity diggers involved in the repair of pipelines of the Al-Apetr Group
4.2.3 Three-heavy jobs involved in the “one-way” study by Huaann, expanding the value of investment, 4.2.331, an internationalization opportunity: grouping out to build a coordinated model of “China Building + China Equipment”
China’s foreign engineering and engineering industries complement each other’s strengths. China’s overseas construction projects are characterized by China’s dominant role as a general contractor, leading large subcontractors to the sea, and direct procurement of equipment for positioning projects by sub-contractors.
The value of large-scale equipment packages contracted by Chinese enterprises abroad for electricity, petrochemicals, orbital transport, metallurgical mines, water treatment and telecommunications, and building materials amounted to $14,798 million, an increase of 11.7 per cent over the previous year, including industrial production line units and civil works.
Chart: Industry share of major package engineering projects contracted overseas by Chinese enterprises in 2019: market value and valuation levels for jobs of five, three and one.
▪ 5.1 Carter, Pine operations, engineering machinery as a percentage of the revenues of the Carterpil main battalion, engineering machinery, mine machinery, energy and transport machinery, and finance. 1 Engineering machinery includes excavators, bulldozers, flats, loading machines, etc.: 2 Mine machinery consists mainly of electric shovels, shovels, hydraulic shovels, drills, etc.; 3 Energy and transport machinery covers mainly motors, generators, turbines and related operations;4 Finance
Matsushi was founded in 1921, and with the rise of the economy after the war, started with the modeling of the Caterpillar bulldozer products, which now represents about 90% of the company’s revenues. Matsushi is the lead company in Japan’s engineering and machinery industry.
Following the development of autonomous R & D and globalization, it has become the world’s second largest engineering and mechanical industry after Caterpillar.
Waran Research – Expanding Investment Values – 5.2 Corporate Level: The Values of Bill Carter Billion have the potential to upgrade The Values of Bill Carter Billion Billion, which rises with the expansion of overseas markets. Carter Billion began laying overseas markets in 1950, with the largest share of overseas market revenues in 1970.
After reaching more than 50%, the valuation level has increased as the level of globalization has deepened. Although Caterpillar’s income and net profits have also fluctuated and increased or decreased, the correlation with its rising share of overseas markets has been declining and the capacity to iron fixed assets in the United States has been increasing, so pe estimates that three-time jobs are more like Caterpillar in the 1950-1970 period, and that the company’s share of overseas income is now on a downward trend, owing to the fact that the domestic market is growing too fast, on the one hand, and the sea, on the other hand, on the other.
Increased external market uncertainties (trade frictions, epidemics), but the trend towards an increase in the size of overseas market revenues will in the future become the firm’s macro-cycle of the country’s research – expanding the value of investment –5.2 corporate dimensions: the valuation of the Mark Carterbil has the potential to improve
The Japanese engineering and machinery industry has gone through three stages of development: “Industrial growth - overseas expansion - globalization.” Since the beginning of the post-war reconstruction, the Japanese engineering and machinery industry has been working on engineering and engineering.
The industry has undergone two full development cycles, driven mainly by domestic industrialization and investment in urbanization, the gradual completion of a growth cycle of import substitution and a full development cycle driven by overseas expansion towards a smooth and stable global market, resulting in three main phases of “Growing-Advance-Globalization.” Chart: Structure of the value of the Japanese engineering and machinery industry, 1965-2019.
Chinaan Research — Expanding the Value of Investment — 5.3 vs. Japan, Urban Auxiliary Industry Persistence Chart: Changes in Values and Growth Motivators in Japanese Engineering and Machinery Industry, 1960-2019
We have sufficient potential for growth in the future, driven by urbanization, and we have a future in terms of internal demand for engineering machinery, driven by urbanization.
In Japan, the engineering and machinery industry has developed in the same way as in Japan, and has undergone a five-wheeling period during the period of its indigenous growth (1950-1990), in 1955-1960 (post-war reconstruction), 1964-1968 (the five-year housing plan),
Investment in capital and real estate increased from 53 per cent in 1950 to 77 per cent in 1990.
The period 1950-1975 was a period of rapid urbanization, which was 75 per cent in 1975. Although the rate of urbanization has accelerated since 1978, it is still below that of the developed countries, where the rate was 60 per cent in 2019.
The target for 2020 set by the 13th Five-Year Plan is 60%, and it has now been completed and, according to the estimates of the Chinese Institute of Social Science, our rate of urbanization will reach 70% by 2030 and will be reached by 2050.
80%, the potential for investment in future construction is still huge.
• 6.1.3 I-Engineer, one of the world's landmarks in China's construction, with a medium- and long-term configuration value: the future market value is expected to match the size of the collection and the share of overseas income compared to Carter and Matsuma.1 The market value perspective: as of 8 January 2021, the market value of the three I-E is $324.3 billion and is one-two of Carter's market value.
In terms of income: In terms of data for 2019, 75,666 million dollars were earned by triple-time workers, of which 71,76 billion, or 94.84 per cent, were earned by engineering units. In terms of total revenue, 21 per cent of Carter, or 50 per cent of Pine, was earned by Pine; 48 per cent of Carter, or 52 per cent of Pine, was earned by Pine. 3 Overseas incomes were equal to 21.02 per cent, 57.61 per cent and 84.04 per cent, respectively, in 2019.
Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values, Hwayan Research — Expanding Investment Values, Appendix — Engineering Machinery Series
Report on Engineering Machinery: Reversal rate of start-up, high volume innovation, industry booming, report on Engineering Machinery, report on Engineering Machinery
60-page in-depth thematic report: The Big Wave, Focusing the Lead - Harnessing Manufacturing Investment Opportunities from Bottom Logic 2020.11.26 In-depth report: Digitalizing for Beneath Efficiency, Internationalizing Support through Cycles - In-depth Report Series I
Long-tube hydraulic depth report: through cycle, wind up -- depth report series II. Kuro's shares are covered for the first time (40 pages depth): the internal capital utility deceleration engine tap, multi-dimensional layout acceleration of growth.
Master of Financial Sciences, who worked in the New Wealth Group of South China Foundations and Fangzheng Securities, was very good at studying sellers from a buyer's investment perspective, following closely and closely the mechanical whites, with a focus on engineering machinery, lithium power equipment, general-purpose equipment, transhipment, etc. The first core member of the crystal ball in 2018. Please contact Guo Xing Xing with the data sheets, valuation models, etc. for this report.
Master of Engineering, Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, seven years of experience in mechanical automation research and industry, formerly employed as research and development engineer, industrial + financial complex, deep-farming industrial automation, a bottom-up search for high-quality indicators, with a focus on industrial automation, detection equipment, laser equipment, etc., as the second core member of the new Best Divider in 2018, crystal ball 4th in 2019.
WELCOME WELCOME THE VIEW OF THE VEHICLE PUBLIC OBJECTIVES AND COMMUNICATIONS: TRYING TO INTEGRATE STUFF IN THE MATERIAL FIELD
Keeping the fundamentals to look for the poor expectations, focus on us, and lead you to the beauty of mechanical research.
The data and information used in this report come from publicly available information on the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only.