Integrated e-ceramic taps, mlcc opens up the growth space Investment rating: purchase (first time) of educative e-ceramic components, combined leading strength
Three Rings was established in 1970, mainly for the development, production and sale of electronic ceramic components and basic materials. Since its inception, companies have been developing and producing new products such as ceramic base tablets, ceramic components for light communication, mlcc, fuel cell diaphragm panels, ceramics, etc.
The Chinese Electronics Association, selected by the Chinese Electronics Association for the year, selected the Chinese Element 100 Enterprise, which in 2019 won the ninth place in China's Electronics Industry's 100-Power combined strength.
The company's rich experience in electronic ceramic production, and its technological accumulation over the last 50 years, has created unique technological processes that compare company prices with the trend of 300 depths.
A unique competitive advantage, full-scale production capacity from raw materials to finished products, vertically integrated industrial layout.
Communications components, the ceramic core operation as a cash flow operation benefits from 5g and data centre, panels, business continuity; semiconductor components, crystalline demand, company pkg continued to expand and in a state of high growth: new business ceramic machete and electrical blockage are gaining momentum: electronics
With the expansion of production capacity and the smooth development of base-line business, which will become an important group of corporate collections, the Mlcc Business Extension + Product Upgrading, will be an important engine of growth in the future. The mlcc market space is huge, the global market is close to $15 billion, and domestic supply and demand is lacking.
Large mouths, large downstream domestic production demand and relatively small supply ratios determine that at least two or more mlcc companies can grow up in the future country.
In addition, the company raised funds to invest in high-quality multi-layered ceramic capacitors in communications, to actively seize alternative opportunities to national production, and, with the support of domestic industrial policy, is expected to usher in a period of rapid growth in the company's mlcc business over the next five years.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected, new products are not expanding as expected, and mlcc competition patterns are deteriorating.1 Electronic ceramic taps, integrated into core competitiveness 1.1 Business focus: 50 years of deep-cultivation electronic ceramics
Since its establishment in 1970, Tsangzhou Trinity Group Ltd. was mainly involved in the development, production and sale of electronic ceramic components and basic materials. Since its inception, companies have been working with their foreign counterparts, insisting on national alternatives, and continuously developing and producing new products, such as ceramic tablets, ceramic components for light communication, mlcc, fuel.
Battery diaphragm panels, ceramic envelopes, etc., have evolved from a single barrier to a diversified product structure. The company was selected by the Chinese Electronics Association for the 100-Power Chinese Electronics Enterprise in 2019 and won ninth place in China’s electronics component industry.
Figure 1 Three Ring Group development history. 50 years in the field of deep-dry electronic ceramic components and materials. Major products include communications components, electronic components and materials, semiconductor components, compressor components, new materials, etc. for electronics, communications, consumer electronics, etc.
According to the company ' s 2020 annual report, communications components account for the world ' s leading electronic component and material industry base, with a central competitive advantage. The company is the leading company in fibre-optic ceramic cores and holsters, and according to the China Ceramic Cube Market Report 2019, the tricycles.
The Corps has an absolute advantage in the global market for ceramic cores, accounting for 75% of the market share of the global market. The company’s ceramic base plate products account for more than 50% of the global market, and it is the main supplier of global fuel cell diaphragms.
1.2 Competitive advantages: achieving vertically integrated layout. Companies have extensive experience in electronic ceramic production and nearly 50 years of technological accumulation, full-scale production capacity from raw materials to finished products, vertically integrated industrial layout, company production, R & D, sales, etc.
The upstream sectors of electronic ceramics include aluminium oxide powder, titanium-acid hooks, titanium dioxide, carbon-acid hooks, copper powder, nickel powder, etc., and energy industries such as electricity, gas, and downstream terminals for information communications, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.
The three-ring group has been able to achieve vertically physicalized layouts, platform-based enterprises, and greater competitiveness in the area of electronic ceramics. The platformed enterprise layout has enabled companies to keep their product lines open, with fibre-optic ceramic cores and holsters as their main product.
Products such as wires, fuel cell diaphragms, etc., have continued to evolve, focusing on mlcc in recent years. In addition to the layout of the entire industry chain, from materials, equipment to manufacturing and marketing, companies have developed horizontally through platforming, expanding their new 1.3 management advantages: equity incentives have increased employee motivation
The company has a culture centred on “good faith, scientific and technological innovation, respect for talent, partnership and love” and has a good corporate culture and a people-centred management philosophy. It constantly improves employee welfare, such as arranging for staff to go to and from work, providing self-help meals, and building libraries, gymnasiums and sports venues with more than 50,000 books.
The company is actively involved in the public good, creating value for society and adding value to its shareholders.