Wehr Electronics (603501), Designed and distributed with two wings, Cis Blue Sea Dragons, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Designed and distributed two-wheel drive, 18 years of performance. Well, a small number of enterprises with semiconductor R & D and semiconductor distribution capabilities in the country, achieved excellent results in a number of areas, including tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, power management, etc., through years of autonomous innovation, technology accumulation and market opening.
Over the past 16 years, the company’s design and distribution operations have grown considerably, with a steady increase in revenue. In 18 years, in the first two quarters, corporate revenue grew by more than 100% on a year-on-year basis, and in the third quarter by more than 70%.
On August 14, 2018, Weir proposed to acquire the shares of North Kyong Hao Wei, Sbyko 42.2%, and visual sources 79.9%. Howe was the first cnos sensor company, currently the third largest Conos supplier in the world after Sony and Samsung.
The main products are widely used in consumer electronics and industrial applications. This trade can enrich Weir's design business product categories, leading to an overall technological upgrading of semiconductor design, and will also bring companies with customer resources in the fields of smartphones, security, automobiles, medical care, etc., into high growth.
Cell phone cameras, security, car-borne cameras are in huge space, and cos is in a booming position. In 2018, cos image sensors are expected to be sold at $13.7 billion, an increase of 10% over the previous eight years.
Video. By 2022, the cos image sensor will have maintained a trend of high annual innovation in the volume of goods delivered and sales. Yole predicts that annual composite growth in the market for smartphones for global cos will reach 9.4% between 2017 and 2023.
After cars, the security sector has also become one of the most dynamic markets for sensors. The downstream market for products is a strong guarantee of howy’s access to the domestic market and significant gains.
Wei-Tech, which is expected to be a global leader in the field of chis, not only increases the share of the downstream market, but also raises the firm’s position in the industry, which should be given a higher valuation premium. In conjunction with average industry valuation levels, I have a Weir share-design and distribution of a two-wheel-drive semiconductor new show.
1.1 Design products are widely applied and distribution channels are well developed. Weir shares were established in 2007 and listed on the Shanghai Exchange in May 2017. The company has been engaged in semiconductor design and distribution since its inception.
Distribution includes mainly the distribution of semiconductor products such as passives, structural devices, separation devices and ic, which are widely applied in the areas of mobile communications, vehicle electronics, security, network communications, home appliances.
Weir is a small number of companies with semiconductor R & D design and semiconductor distribution capabilities in the country. Through years of autonomous innovation, technology accumulation, and market opening, Weir takes over a number of fields, including tvs, mosfet, Shortki Diode, power management, etc.
1.2 Good financial performance and significant increase in profitability, as shown by recent corporate financial reporting, due to the growth in demand in semiconductor downstream industries and the scarcity of production of semiconductor products, the growth in corporate operating income has been significant, from 1,006 million in 2012 to 2,406 million in 2017.
Driven by an increase in corporate revenues in the first and second quarters, which increased by more than 100 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and by more than 70 per cent in the third quarter, the company’s early harvests relied mainly on semiconductor imports and exports for distribution. Since 2012, the company’s design operations have grown significantly, with a growing share of design operations, currently stable at around 30 per cent, and the overall collection structure has remained stable as a whole.
Our semiconductor industry has risen, the market for downstream demand has expanded steadily, and in the last five years corporate revenue has gradually shifted towards domestic operations, which now account for more than overseas operations. From 273 million in 2012, China’s mainland business collection has risen steadily compared to the company’s Māori ratio since 2014, reaching an all-time high in the first three quarters of 18 years.
At the same time, the net profit rate rose from 5.1% at the end of 17 years to 7.41%. From Dubon’s analysis, we can see that the company’s indicators have been relatively robust since 2012.
At around 2, reflecting the healthy functioning of the company. Figure 7: Net interest rate for the last five years at Weir, Mäori rate, in terms of control of cost rates, the company ' s financial cost and sales cost rates remain at a time of continued growth in total revenue
Overall stability shows a declining trend, indicating that companies have been very effective in controlling sales costs and borrowing foreign exchange. 12-17 The increase in corporate management costs was due mainly to the higher share of firms in design operations and higher R&D costs.18 The sharp rise in management costs in the first three quarters was mainly influenced by the 130 million dollars amortized by corporate equity incentive costs.
In terms of R & D costs, the R & D costs of the company ' s design business have been on the rise, rising from 0.17 million in 2012 to 101 million in 2017. The R & D costs as a percentage of the total revenues of the design business have also increased significantly, reaching 14% in 2017. This is a good indication of how Will values the development of his own technological strengths and the development of core technological competitiveness.
2 Designed for distribution, with the two wagons moving in hand-in-hand with 2.1 design operations - increasing and expanding - to develop core competitiveness.
The R & D of products such as radio frequency chips, and the outsourcing of crystal circle manufacturing, encapsulation and testing operations to specialized crystal-crystal and encapsulation test manufacturers. The company’s product R & D is primarily the responsibility of the Technology Research Centre and the Product Research and Development Centre.
Given the company’s production model of the Fabless, the company needs to purchase the crystal circle from the crystal circle plant, commissioning the integrated circuit containment test company to perform the encapsulation test. The raw material for the company’s chip production is mainly the crystal circle, so the main supplier is the crystal circle factory.
Uniform procurement, where companies purchase crystals that are processed and tested with multi-layered electrical structures in crystal-crystal-crylic plants. Company-cooperative crystal-crylic plants are mainly among the largest listed companies in the industry, with high market visibility and stable product supply. Depending on industry, product, and market conditions, the marketing of companies is mainly in the form of direct sales and distribution.
The programmer is the end customer who directly procures the products from the company. The programmer has a certain technological development and peripheral equipment development capability, procures chips from the design firm, develops a package of applications, including chips, storage, etc., and sells them to the company.
In recent years, there has been a gradual shift toward odm. In order to expand the distribution channels, companies sell their products to the entire company and to the programmers as well as to some of the distributors.
The company works closely with major global semiconductor suppliers to provide a comprehensive solution for semiconductor products that respond to the needs of its customers, rapid samples, application advice, programme design support, environment development, post-sale and logistics.
The company ' s annual 2017 report shows that the company ' s design business income is mainly derived from tvs operations, which account for 52.27 per cent, Māori 52.8 per cent and tvs, which account for 34.5 per cent of the product; followed by power-based operations, which account for 20.2 per cent and Māori 25.8 per cent;
In terms of tvs, Weir was one of the first companies to enter the field, with core technical staff with many years of professional life, solid technical skills in the R & D team, and built up autonomous intellectual property rights and technological accumulation; and instrument structure and process flow.
The process is the core technology of tvs, in which companies have reached world-class technological excellence; in terms of product performance, the technical capabilities of public-sector products have reached the level of international front-line large-scale plants and have been recognized by a wide range of clients; and in terms of continuous technological innovation, firms have produced sub-units with good performance and low specifications based on analysis of market demand and communication with customers.
Products with a minimum encapsulation size of 0.6 mm*0.3 mm are available; in low capacitors, the product is highly performing and has entered the production stage of the country’s first capacitors of less than 0.4pf, with their esd performance at an international lead level.
Will’s tvs products account for 18% of the global market for mobile phones, and are a central partner for Mi-hwa. The tvs competitions abroad are mainly British fliers, Anemey, Eunjio, and domestic rivals are mainly Leysan Radio and Beijing Yandong.
The company’s core technical capability in power-management chips is derived from the accumulation of the overall architecture and design modules for analogue circuits. The company uses a rigorous, scientific research and development system, starting with a technology-autonomous model from the source of the design, building up its core technology and actually authenticating it, forming the company’s core technology and obtaining patent protection, and the product performance is advanced in the country.
The company’s main competitor is international manufacturers of Texas instruments (ti), radiance, richtek, Saint-Bonwa, Silijah, etc. In the case of mosfet, the application of advanced gulls and containment techniques can effectively reduce the flow of the product and the disruption of the product.
The company is one of the first design firms in the country to start doing medium- and low-pressure trechmosfet, and can now reach a minimum Pitch (specific size) of less than 1 μm and a minimum design line of less than 0.2 μm. The company’s main competitors are the foreign-capital plant semiconductor (nxp), the fly-mix semiconductor (fairchild) and the internal equipment plant silicon energy of Suzhou.
In addition, Well plans to build on ongoing improvements in the performance of existing products and to develop more efficient, low-cost stand-alone and integrated circuit products, to further upgrade the technology of companies and to gradually move towards higher-end alternatives for imports of high-end products.In recent years, Well has expanded design operations through acquisition and establishment of subsidiaries, and new operations have now achieved considerable success.
Outcome: In the field of radio-frequency chips, the extensive use of radio-frequency chips developed by the company in intelligent terminals with 4g communication functions has led to a more visible performance increase; in the area of sensor chips, the company has developed multiple mems chip products, which are used in microphone products, which cover smart phones, sound boxes, television roof remotes, security, wire-controlled headphones, etc.
Main areas; in the field of live chips, companies achieve the performance needs of standardized prototypes, have relevant core proprietary techniques, and are technologically leading and dominant. 2.2 Distribution business - models lead, markets are good, and growth is rapid.
As a typical technology-based semiconductor authorized distributor, the company is closely linked to the original plant and has an experienced fae team, and the company distribution system has established subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Beijing, Shenzhen, Suzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, etc., to build procurement, distribution networks, technical support, post-sale and logistics services.
Based on an understanding and analysis of semiconductor components performance and downstream electronic products, companies have offered to provide customers with a variety of products, application advice, programme design support, assistance in reducing the cost of research and development to enable them to concentrate their resources on the production and marketing of electronics, and to better understand the needs of their customers, which in turn has been developed under the company's R & D design business.
Products can respond quickly to market demand. Technology-based distribution can better meet customers’ understanding of and demand for electronics, and represents a dominant trend in the semiconductor component distribution industry.
(1) In-country purchases are conducted mainly by Beijing Kyeong-hyung and its subsidiaries, Shanghai Ling-shin, Shenzhen Dong-woo, and Hong Guang-eun: (2) Out-of-country purchases are carried out mainly by Hong Kong Hwa Qing, Hong Kong Ling-Sung, Hong-yi, Hong-Hing-hung, and are one of the few companies in the country that also have semiconductor product design and strong distribution capabilities.
The distribution channels are spread across mainstream mobile brand manufacturers and programmers in Hong Kong, Beijing, Shenzhen, Suzhou and Wuhan. They now have subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Beijing, Shenzhen, Suzhou and Wuhan. The distribution network covers the entire country and includes consumer electronics (e.g. mobile phones, tablets, etc.), laptop computers, vehicle electronics, security surveillance, network communications, smart metering, home appliances, industry and new energy sources.
In addition, companies are actively opening up the Taiwan market, creating long-lasting technical cooperation development and marketing mechanisms. A strong corporate distribution system not only ensures corporate overall economic efficiency, but also captures market demand trends in real time, provides timely feedback, and allows R & D design by R & D teams to remain at the forefront of the industry.
On 14 August 2018, Weir issued an announcement stating that the company intended to acquire ownership in Beijing by issuing shares to purchase assets, Sbico 42.3 per cent and visual sources 79.9 per cent.
We're going to invest 100% of the core energy and 100% of the stake in the firm's investment through the Yunnan Stock Exchange.
(Recording) Circular and its Business Licence, issued on the same day, have passed 100 per cent of the equity interest in core investment, core energy investment, and legal ownership of 100 per cent of the company's equity interest in core energy investment and core investment, the main business in Beijing is the development and sale of the coms image sensor, and Weir shares and the customers in Beijing's Howie.
The end-user overlap is high, mainly in the areas of mobile communications, tablet computers, security, car electronics. Wear shares hope that this deal will enrich the job product categories of listed companies and lead to an overall technological upgrading of semiconductor designs, and will also bring to the company customer resources in the areas of smartphones, security, automobiles, medical care, etc.
3.1cmos industry landscape, which has a promising development of image sensors, mainly using light cell arrays and auxiliary control circuits to capture the brightness and colour signals of the objects.
It produces digitized image information through complex signal processing and image processing techniques. In this, the sensor unit generally uses the sensor light diodes to convert the light cell. The sensor is capable of generating a current signal after the light is irradiated, and the strength of the current is proportional to the intensity of the light. Each sensor corresponds to an image in the image sensor, which is also known as the image.
The existing widely applied image sensors are divided into two main categories, the ccd image sensor and the cos image sensor, both of which are photovoltaic transitions using the sensor diodes to convert images into digital signals, but which are treated differently in the perimeter signals processing circuits of the sensor diodes and in the telecoms generated by the sensor units.
Figure 19: The ccd and cmos charge transfer diagrams ccd and coms' radiative components that are directly exported after the light is received are analogue signals. In principle, the coms signal is a dot-in-the-point charge signal, whereas the ccd signal is a behavioural unit, which is more sensitive.
In the ccd sensor, each sensor does not process it further, but directs it to the storage unit of the next one, which combines the analogue signal generated by the element and then exports it to the third one, in turn.
The output data must be given a uniform magnification process because the signal generated by the sensor is not usually weak and cannot be directly converted. Since ccd itself cannot convert analogue signals directly to digital signals, a specific module conversion chip is needed for processing.
Eventually, it is exported to a special image processor in the form of a digital image matrix. And each sensor in the cos sensor can directly integrate the magnifying circuits and the mode conversion circuits, and when the sensor receives the light from the diode, which produces the analogue telecoms, the telecoms are first magnified by the amplifier in the sensor.
Directly converts to a corresponding digital signal and processes the image on film. As a result, the cos image sensor has a range of advantages, such as high integration, low productivity, low cost, small size, random access to image information, instead of ccd, to the mainstream and future of the image sensor.
Trends in the use of smartphones, computers, robotic visuals, security surveillance, smart cars, drones, aerial space, medical images, physical interaction games, etc., as a core sensor for mobile Internet and object networking applications, based on market research institutions icinsights, cmos market sales amounted to $12.5 billion in 2017.
It is 19% long, and the sales of cmos image sensors are expected to reach $13.7 billion in 2018, an increase of 10% over the same period, which will be a record eight years in a row. In the Agency’s view, until 202, the cmos image sensors will hold up the trend of annual high innovation in the volume of goods delivered and sales.
According to data from yole, the global market for applications showed a favourable view in 2017 from the downstream end of the application, with almost all cos acupunctures increasing significantly, except in the computer sector. Overall, the size of the cos global market reached 96.706 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of nearly 20% compared to the same year, with the application of cos in the mobile phone market.
As high as 65.8 per cent, the 3.1.1 mobile cos is at a growth point, and since the launch of the first 3d double camera cell phone year, smartphones have used double-cam groups to support optical centrifugation, biometrics and 3d.
As smartphones apply back-to-back doubles, smartphones also accelerate other innovations in the area of cameras. For example, Vivox9 uses pre-screened doubles; Google’s projecttango proposes a three-camera concept (i.e., when needed).
Two remote cameras are used for ranging and 3d modelling; the latest Vivoxplay7 is a design with a pre-dual + three. In addition to the number of cameras, ai smartphones, 3dsensing, etc., have a new trend in mobile phone innovation that will contribute further to the development of the cmos module.
Figure 24: The development history and trends of mobile video modules are forecasted to increase rapidly in the demand for camera modules in the cellular industry as a result of the proliferation of i-smart phones. From the application end, the use of i-phones on the market is mainly based on photo optimization, identification, certification, socialization, and a few types of platforms.
These applications need to be used for cell phone cameras. Typically, for example, for photography optimization, mobile cameras need to be supported by i-intelligent algorithms to achieve intelligent beauty, filters and focus; in addition, in increasingly innovative applications such as face recognition, visual shopping, mobile phone cameras are more important as a vector for information entry, such as face recognition and armatology.
Using a 3d camera for facial feature recognition matching, optimized by image processing and the ai algorithm, to achieve facial recognition authentication, anar emoticon, and image generation. Whether a 3d camera or other camera image is a critical zero component, Cis is a critical component.
Currently, the smartphone market is generally growing slowly, and with the 3d imagery and the penetration of new technologies, such as i-applications, mobile cis still maintains a significant market growth space.
Apart from the consumer electronics sector, cmos applications in the automotive and security industries have become a completely new engine of growth that pulls the industrial chain. With the further development of intelligent driving, the penetration of advanced driving support systems adas continues to increase.
Carcam cameras, one of the most basic and most common sensors, are essential for the adas system. With the arrival of the adas vehicle occupancy rate, the carcam area will become the owner of the cmos image sensor in the future.
According to statistics, the number of cameras per vehicle is only about 1.5, which is about 50% higher than in 2016, and the number of cameras per vehicle is expected to rise to 3.5 in 2020. From around 28 million Chinese cars produced in 2017, the number of vehicles equipped with the rear-view mirrors on a 20-30% scale is also around 5 million per year.
The outlook for the cos market is still considerable. In recent years, the cmos image sensor (cis) has been growing significantly in terms of volume and sales, followed by mobile phones, where car, medical imagery, security surveillance, machine visuals, etc. applications have become new dynamics driving the growth of the cos image sensor market.
3.1.3 In recent years, security cis has become a new engine of growth, followed by cars, and one of the most active markets for cós image sensors, with global security cós shipments reaching 184 million in 2017, with a combined annual growth rate of 12 per cent.
Because of the advent of the Internet, security surveillance cameras are no longer limited to business applications such as airports, railway stations, banks, and office buildings. Instead, they have become an important part of retail businesses, smart cities, and smart homes, and they are widely used in collecting and disaggregating big data.
Smart security cameras with video analysis capabilities are monitoring and transmitting data on daily life activities, consumer behaviour, and information: these security cameras also enable the collection of multimedia intelligence to maintain urban safety. Moreover, smart home security cameras are widely used in the construction of smart home surveillance systems.
In addition to the applications described above, the cos technology has been constantly innovative, at the forefront of technologies such as 3d semiconductor technology, quantum energy testing, full-system imaging systems, artificial intelligence, autopilot and robotic revolutions, and with these new responses,
The size of Chis’ market will rise in proportion to the size of the ship. Figure 28: New trends in the development of the cnos camera module over 20 years: 3.2 Beijing Howie - the international market giant, with excellent competitive advantages
The company was founded by experienced industrial experts from Motorola, who specializes in microprocessors, microcontrollers, special function logic, rich analogue circuits, digital/molden and electrical design experience.
At the beginning of the year, when photophones began to be used, the ccd technology was monopolized by Japanese suppliers, while the cos technology was mainly supplied by European and American manufacturers. Its middle number, Howie, was the most influential.
As Japanese and Korean manufacturers catch up with cos, and with Howie’s loss of an apple order in 2011, Howie is being overtaken by Sony Three Stars to become the world’s third largest cos supplier. Currently, Howie offers key products such as the cosmos imagesensor, a specific use.
Integrated circuit products (asic), microimage module encapsulation technology (cameracubecip) and silicon-based liquid crystal projectors (lcos) show chips (lcos). Products are widely used in electronic and industrial applications, including smart phones, tablets, laptop computers, webcams, security surveillance equipment, digital cameras, automobiles and medical imaging.
Since 2016, the Chinese consortium, led by China’s first investment, has set up a merger-purchase fund, Beijing Howie, to privatize the image-sensor technology of NASDAQ at a cost of $1.9 billion. Howie has begun a long way to “marry” China.
The calcium crystal projection of the chip lcos showed a much lower rate of Maori due to the active restructuring of the product since 2017, the proactive reduction of the share of low-end products, and an increase in the volume of new high-end products for the ar/vr equipment.
The result of the silicon-based LCD projection shows a sharp decrease in the Māori rate of the chip (lcos). Also, in the United States, the Māori rate of the Cameracubechip product is negative, mainly because the product line was put into use around 2012 and is planned for use in the general cellular module, but the price of the normal cell phone module is increasing.
The lower, the lower the U.S. Howell will no longer focus on this area, starting to shift to the field of medical equipment, which is now mainly used in the field of medical equipment. Since the satellite camera of medical equipment belongs to emerging markets, the total volume of microimage module wrapping products is lower, while the fixed cost, such as depreciation of production line equipment, is higher.
Quick, the revenue from the sale of the American Howie microimage module has increased significantly over the reporting period. In the next few years, as the product increases in volume and line equipment reaches its depreciating age, the business will lose.
In third place. The cos image sensor industry has a high level of forward investment, a clear scale effect, a high demand for industrial operations, high entry barriers in terms of technology, industrial chain integration, customers, talent, finance and size, which are difficult for new entrants to capture the market, and therefore, in general, the cos market has a strong and stable leader.
Between 2016 and 2017, the global market grew by 19.8%, reaching an overall market size of $13.9 billion. The world’s top ten cos providers have maintained a relatively stable market share.
This is evident. Howe’s share of the city fell by one point, mainly because in 2017, howell management in the United States actively adjusted its product structure, proactively reduced some of the lower-end products from lower-mori and focused on research and development of new products and high-middle-end promotion. As a result, the U.S. Howe’s combined Māori ratio rose from 15.7% in 2016 to 23% in 2017, while simultaneously increasing its output from 15.7% in 2016 to 23% in 2017.
As can be seen from the figure above, most of the current mainstream image sensor manufacturers are idm (with crystal-crystal chip designs), and only Howie has chosen a light asset structure and a fast-reactionable version of the fables (crystal-free chip designs). Electronic chips. Rapid market hotspot conversion, shorter product life cycles, faster rate of technological updates, and a comparison with the traditional idm business model.
Moreover, in mainstream image-borne applications, Howe has been strategically configured in areas other than digital camera operations. Especially in the two market segments of high-speed growth in automobiles and security, Howie accounts for 29% and 56% of the city, respectively.
By contrast, mobile phones, security, and automobiles are the top three major businesses of Howie. Between 16 and the first half of 18 years, the global smart market has saturated, the overall industrial growth has slowed, and mobile phone operations have declined, but remain above 60%, while security and automobile operations have increased overall.
Since its inception, Howie has been following the Fables model, focusing on the design and development of products such as image sensors. Over the past 20 years, Howie has developed a system of research and development that is demand-driven and closely focused on the life cycle of the product, has accumulated a wealth of experience in product development, has developed a technology research and development team, and has stored a large amount of video transmissions with cmos.
As of May 31, 2018, the total number of people in Beijing who combined their caliber was 1538, of whom 870 were employed in technology research and development and 12 core technicians.
At the same time, the ratio of R & D investment to R & D investment of more than RMB 1 billion throughout 2016 and 2017 remained at more than 12% as of May 1818. On 31st day, Howie and his subsidiaries in Beijing held a total of 4060 patents (including some of the patents being applied).
At present, Howie's products have been recognized by a number of well-known applications, both domestic and foreign. Figure 37: Howe's main core technology and niche market in the United States.
3.3 Welgahowe-Technology and Market, which is a high-end gis leader in the country, Weir shares a great similarity in product terminal applications and downstream customers in Beijing. Through this merger, Weir shares can integrate the design capabilities of Howell in Beijing in the field of image sensors, increasing while enriching his own design of product lines.
Strong and comprehensive design capability, which is consistent with Will's long-term strategic layout to shift the focus to design operations. If this merger succeeds, the Cis design will be the largest component of Will's design sector. After completion, corporate sales are expected to grow rapidly to between $2 billion and $3 billion; corporate profit levels, disclosed by restructuring plans, company h1 performance and Howie in January-May.
On the other hand, Howell, a global giant, could bring a lot of high-quality research and development staff to Will, allowing Will to evolve into a ti, an internationalized platform-based chip technology company like Sony, which provides better customers.
At the same time, Howie, as a product leader, a technology-oriented international chip firm, has a point in China’s market that can be described as “unconnected.” In harmony with Weir’s business-oriented development model, Howe can draw on the output generated by Weir’s distribution business.
Business chain integration capabilities, access to industry chain information, and high-quality customer and marketing channels. Howell could thus focus more on the understanding of household design programmes and the development of chip products, thereby strengthening corporate overall programme resolution capabilities to provide clients with better solutions and specialized services.
More importantly, only howell technology is currently able to achieve full-line coverage of the low-middle- and high-end product lines of the cis module, with a relatively high market share on the middle-end and even high-end product lines. The main cis manufacturers in the country also have Gecove, Spico, and Biadi microelectronics.
In March 2017, four home-grown camera chip manufacturers were in the top six of the cis module. In particular, Gercove, the largest market in the global mobile cis market. However, Gecove accounts for only about 1% of the entire cis international market. The entry threshold for low-end cis markets is relatively low, and the volume of deliveries is considerable. But the profit margin is low, and competition is low.
In contrast, Howe, with his long-term accumulation of technology and the recognition of middle- and high-end markets, has far more advantage than other competitors in the domestic market. If he works with Will’s existing high-quality domestic fab resources after the merger, he can’t afford to be able to do so.
With a stable and reliable surrogate relationship, enhanced high-end product line advantage and direct contact with large domestic clients, and the restructuring of the other standard Spico's expertise on the low-end cis chip, it is likely that Will will be able to co-opt the entire low- and high-end cis market with his own strength, fill the gap that our high-end cis products are unable to feed themselves, and create a new era in the production of our video sensor chip.
Assumption 1: The rise in corporate distribution performance is mainly influenced by the semiconductor balance of supply and demand and the passive device price increase cycle, whereas the main reason for the passive increase is higher production costs for upstream suppliers due to strong national environmental regulations, partly facing restructuring and a sharp decline in output, which will continue in the coming years. Overall, the unit price of a company’s distribution product will continue over the next three years.
Assumption 2: the company’s design business has gained market recognition in a number of areas, and many core technologies in product areas such as tvs have reached international advanced levels, produce performance is comparable to that of foreign manufacturers and have a strong import substitution advantage in the face of domestic producers such as millet and Vivo. In the future, the company will make progress in R & D, with a sustained increase in the share of design business and about 35%.
Assumption 3: The company’s acquisition program for Howie is going well. The company, as a “new” Chinese chip designer, has been on the market for 18 years, and has been affected by the overall situation on the big plate, with lower premium levels.
The annual ps 1.01 dollars. Given the company’s acquisition of howell technology, it is expected to become a global leader in the field of chis, not only increasing its share of downstream markets, but also significantly increasing the company’s position in the industry, which should be given a higher valuation premium, combined with average industry coverage, and a “buy-in” rating.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.