Well, we're going to buy Howie's march market, the "Design + Distribution" double-wheel drive, the company's active investment in M & As in recent years, and the product lines are expanding. We're going to buy Howie and Spiko's official march.
The cis market, where full coverage of low-end high-school products will be achieved in the future, is expected to yield a significant improvement in performance. The `design-and-distribution' strategy is beginning to yield results, raising the share of autonomous R & D products to 30% of revenue.
It is intended to buy the Beijing Howie, Spico, and the regional cis market. Howie is the world's top three cos image sensor chip designer, and Spico has a high profile.
Well shares will hold 100% of Howie Beijing’s shares and 85.31% of Spico’s shares, both directly and indirectly. When this round is successfully concluded, the company will complete full coverage of high-level high-school products from the cis market, and will be expected to cut further into the home smartphone giants, Mi, opo, vivo.
Downstream diversified demand, and there was a large market space for cis. According to data published by icinsights, cós, the average annual growth rate of the market complex was 8.7 per cent, while, according to tsr, the size of the global vehicle lens would increase from $800 million to $1.06 billion, up to 32.3 per cent.
Automobile electronics, security surveillance, medical and image recognition systems also drive the co-development of the co-development of the co-design + distribution of the compost sensor city. Companies develop semiconductor products of their own design, including tvs, power-climatics, mosfet, etc.
There is a significant upward trend. Passive instrument output is strained, and the distribution business achieved income of $1.48 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 141.8 per cent over the same period of the previous year, and companies will benefit from the “design-distribution” business model over the long term.
Merger and acquisition integration has fallen short of expectations, competition in the cis market has increased, and downstream market demand has weakened. Based on the 25 January 2019 market collection rate, ps is assumed to start in 2019 and to be based on commitment performance and equity issuance, ps. 2018-2020
Silver and Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
In the same year, the company developed the first generation of tvs transient voltage suppressors. Between 2008 and 2009, the semiconductor industry was upgraded and Weir passed the transition period as a result of the upgrading of the home and cellular industries. In 2012, the Department of Public Administration consolidated itself into four R & D systems and two distribution systems. On 4 May 2017, it became a Shanghai Stock Exchange.
The company and its subsidiaries now have 38 patents (13 patents, 25 functional new patents), 55 integrated circuit map designs, 59 software copyrights.
As of June 2018, the top five shareholders in the company were Yu Yin Yung, Lu Xing, the South China Sea Growing (Tianjin) equity investment fund partnership (with limited partnerships), Zhou Ying and Fang Yong Bo, of which HSN held 61.3% of the company ' s equity and was the actual controlling agent of the company. Lu was the second largest shareholder in the company, accounting for 3.5% of the share stock, the South China Sea Growing (Tianjin) equity investment fund partnership (limited partnership), Zhou Jing and Fang Yong Bo
In July 1990, he graduated from the University of Qinghua Radio Department and began entering the field of electronic sales in 1992. Although the company was founded in 2007 as the founder of the company, Xin Ying and his team had been working for years in the semiconductor industry and had a rich industry.
1.3 “Design + Distribution” operations are developed in conjunction with the two major operations of the Corporation “Design + Distribution.” Currently, the company's main business is the R & D design of semiconductor separation devices and semiconductor products such as power management, i.e., semiconductor products, i.e., passive devices (including resists, capacitors, senses, etc.), structural devices, severage devices and i.e. semiconductor products
Figure 3. A panorama of electronic component products.
The type of fabless model is designed and marketed only for integrated circuits and outsources crystal-crystal manufacturing, encapsulation and testing operations to specialized crystal-crystal, encapsulating and test manufacturers. The company developed semiconductor products of its own accord, including tvs, poweric, metal oxide semi-field transistors (mosfet), radio frequency, satellite live feed chips, Shortki diodes, etc.
One of the dealers, with a mature technical support team and a well-developed supply chain management system, represents and sells the products of ten well-known domestic and foreign semiconductor producers, with thousands of models covering mobile communications, security surveillance, intelligence companies designing products to keep up with market demand through the “front shop” model, “design + distribution” can generate effective linkages and sustained performance growth.
On the other hand, 1,096 million were collected in 2013 and 2,396 million in 2017, an increase of 118.6 per cent, in addition to the high share of semiconductor designs in total receipts, the clear trend of companies towards higher value added upstream, and the overall level of Māori is expected to rise. 1.4 Autonomous R & D products
Autonomous R & D products are more competitive in the market and have entered a range of well-known domestic mobile phone brands supply chains. Companies have developed semi-conductor products that are largely separate (including tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.), power managementic (including ldo, dc-dc, led backlight drive, switch, etc.), live and radio frequency chips, and self-designed tvs products are marketed in home-grown mobile phones.
The company's self-researched semiconductor products (separate devices and power management ic, etc.) have entered into the supply chain of famous mobile phone brands such as Mi, Vivo, Xi, Hua, and Soyuz. The feedback from the autonomous R&D product market has worked well to boost the income of the main business.
New products show a continuing downward trend in sales prices from the time they are marketed, and the Māori rate of the new product model was higher, with its Māori declining over time. During the reporting period, the company’s design operations accounted for a much larger share of sales of the largest three products, tvs, mosfet, and power sourceic, than sales prices had fallen, prompting a rapid increase in revenue from the main business.
In recent years, by actively investing in mergers and acquisitions, companies have been expanding their product lines from 2.1 to 2.1, and are planning to acquire the Dowy Bus market. By actively investing in mergers and acquisitions, they have enriched their product lines and enhanced the competitiveness of their entire industrial chain.
In Beijing, Tae Hoon-hyeon, Si Jin-Uwa, expanded product lines to the chip and radio-frequency chip fields; enhanced product design and research capabilities through the establishment of subsidiaries such as Shanghai Wai-Chung, Shanghai Siu-Ju, Wezmi, etc.; and proposed to buy shares in Beijing Howe, Spico, and visual sources for the coms image sensor technology (cis) industry.
Figure 9. Corporate development journeys. Howell shares successfully promoted major asset restructuring transactions for the acquisition of Beijing Howie shares, taking advantage of Beijing Howie's products, and facilitating companies to move forward to expand their client base and achieve full coverage of the high, medium and low-end markets in the cis market. Howell in Beijing is the top three cos image sensor in the world.
The chip (cis) design firm has a high profile in the coms image sensor chip area. When the deal is completed, Weir shares will hold 100% of the Beijing Howie shares, and 85.31% of the Spico shares, directly and indirectly. Howie plays the high-end lawn lawn, and Sbico covers the lower- and middle-end end.
Figure 10. Acquisition of the Beijing Howe Trading Program 2.2 Howe product lines are well developed, with outstanding core competencies. Howie has four big product matrices, full product lines. 1)cmos image sensors, advanced pixel structure design, applications.
A wide range of areas; 2) dedicated integrated circuits (asic) with products including car-packed chips, sensor bridges, and object network processors; 3) cameracubechip products; 4) silicon-based crystal projection display chip (lcos).
Figure 13. Howell has a system of R & D management based on market demand, closely linked to the life cycle of the product, and has accumulated a wealth of product development technologies.
An excellent research and development team has given Howie a strong edge in technological innovation and research and development. At present, Howie has a large pool of proprietary technologies related to cós image sensors, including a total of 4060 patents for which technology is being applied.
January 28, 2019. Weir shares. Chart 14. Howie core technology.
The industry has a very promising outlook, with the acquisition of the 3.1cmos market mainstream program based on its unique features. The image sensor is an electronic device that converts light signals to telecoms, which can be widely used in digital television, visual communication, etc.
There are two types of image sensors that are currently in the market: ccd (charge-coupleddevice charge coupling device) model and cios (complementarymetaloxidesidemictor collusive metal oxide effect tubes). Both execute the same photo-imaging steps: PV conversion -- charge accumulation -- output -- conversion. Unlike ccd per exposure, enter after the fast door closes.
Pixel transfer process, by which each charge signal in each line of a pixel (pixel) is channelled into a "store " , which is led by a line at the bottom and exported to a magnifying device next to ccd, and then connected to adc (magnification and analogue signal converter) directly and directly to a digital signal. Relatively, each pixel next to the cos design, the signal is scaled up and converted to a digital signal.
ccd is required to work with three different sets of power sources, and the entire circuit is more complex; ccd needs to be controlled by synchronous clocks, with one-by-one output of information at a slower speed; in addition, three sets of power supply, resulting in a higher consumption of ccd.
The cos program is favored by the market with its superior performance. Compared to ccd, the cos program has the advantages of low cost, speed, simple scale, small size, low power, suitable for mass production, wide application to small sizes, low price, low quality of cameras, such as small security, mini-camera, mobile phone, computer network videoconferencing system, wireless hand-held video conferences.
The meetings system, bar code scanners, fax machines, toys, biomicrometry, car camera systems, etc. Except for low visibility, low noise, cnos sensors can directly produce digital information, avoid a/d conversion data loss, and row-by-line cnos can also be effective in avoiding the blurring and tearing of partition scans, making cnos' images more subtle and moving than ccd.
As the smartphone market matures, sales of the picture dropped to 6% in 2016 according to icinsights, but by 2017, the strong demand for imaging products in other applications increased the growth of the ccos image sensor to 19% again.
It rose by 5 per cent to $1.6 billion, followed by a 2 per cent decline in 2017. It is clear that as embedded digital imaging capabilities expand to a wider range of applications and new applications, the cos image sensor continues to encroach on the market share of ccd products. According to icinsights, the cos image sensor in 2017 accounted for 89 per cent of the overall sales of image sensors, compared to 74 per cent in 2012 and 10 in 2012.
The previous year was 54%; cmos imaging products accounted for 81% of the entire image sensor, 64% in 2012, 63% in 2007, and cmos became the market mainstream application. ccd, Sony, the first largest plant in ccd, announced a shutdown in 2017, and Cmos is expected to see more than 3.2 camera phones permeating and to boost the demand for cis.
More mobile phone penetration has increased, and the cis market has maintained a higher profile. As an important part of the mobile camera, Cis determined the camera, the market share of the cnos image sensors was 52% of the market value of the mobile camera modules in 2020.
In addition to the two cameras, three cameras are becoming more widely available. In 2017, the world’s major smartphone manufacturers launched the p20pro, oppo17pro, Samsung Galaxya7218, lgv40thinq, Hua.
According to data from the China-Korea online network, a total of 1330 new mobile phones were created in 2017 and 2018, with a double penetration rate of 77.29% and a three-photo penetration rate of 37.44%, and an increase in cellular cameras has been one of the main directions in the upgrading of mobile phones. In response to the change in trends, Howe had a long-term layout.
As a leading industry in the cos image sensor industry, Howie has a large pool of advanced pixel imaging techniques and multiple digital imaging solutions, with some initial advantages and technical barriers. We believe that Howie will continue to consolidate industry leadership in technological change.
Figure 22. Howell's Digital Imaging solution for mobile devices for mobile devices 3.3 Multi-dimensional demand activates market space, and the cis market is expected to grow in volume.
Using a variety of sensors installed in the vehicle to detect the surrounding environment at any time during the vehicle, collect data, conduct static, dynamic object identification, detection and tracking, and combine navigational map data with systematic computing and analysis to enable drivers to detect potential hazards and effectively increase the comfort and safety of driving.
The important direction of the automobile industry, and the driver's release, will give more possibilities. Chart 24. Vehicle camera distribution. Unmanned path to realization: level0 to level5.
According to the estimates of yole, the number of cameras will reach seven during the period of level2, the number of cameras will reach eight, and the number of unmanned cameras in the future will reach nine. According to Tsr, the growth rate will be over 50% for the whole of 2017. With the continuous development and penetration of unmanned technology, the vehicle-borne camera will remain strong.
Figure 26. Global traffic of vehicle-borne lenses. Figure 27. China-based market-scale forecast of global traffic of vehicle-borne lenses.
As the core component of the vehicle camera, the cis market will benefit greatly. In the main end-use system, the car cos image sensor is the fastest growing segment of the market. By 2022, the car cos image sensor is expected to reach $2.8 billion in city size, with a compound annual growth rate of 38.4 per cent and 15 per cent of the total sales of the comos image sensor.
It is assumed that by 2022 cars and cos will have contributed $812 million, won $162 million, and won about $1.1 billion. As the cis market climate improves, future market competition will increase, and howl gains will be properly reduced, though it will be appropriately reduced.
Figure 28. Howell ' s share of the car sensor market in 2016 Chart 30. Howell ' s main downstream client
Light sources and a set of lenses. Cmos image sensors, based on their six advantages, cover medical electronic applications, and a number of commonly used medical devices, such as medical endoscopic mirrors, have achieved significant performance improvements. Howie has camacubecchip image sensor chip technology, provides 1080p full resolution and high image quality, and provides 1920x1080 resolution, no shaking, and full clearance at a frame rate of 60 frames per second.
Many diagnostic and surgical endoscopic devices are ideal options. Howie takes the industry’s lead, develops a rich mix of products, and develops neighbouring markets, such as industry and veterinary consultations.
According to icinsights, by 2022, the use of cos in medicine and scientific research is expected to reach 6% of the cis market, amounting to US$ 1,120 million, and Howie is expected to benefit in the field of medical endoscopic mirrors. In the area of security: Howell technology has near-infrared “black technology” -- the Night Hawk nyxel technology. This technology has successfully used new silicon semiconductor structures and new technologies.
The process addresses the current challenges in the field of near-infrared detection of image sensors. Infrared quantum efficiency of 850-940 nm directly determines the night-vision capabilities of images and sensors. Howell technology based on the Night Hawk ' s Nyxel technology of Os02c10 uses material surface luminous techniques, deep sink physiography, and traditional thick silicon technologies to significantly increase the infrared quantum efficiency of conventional image sensors.
The black silicon process in solar cells inspires and reduces photoreflection on the photo-sensor surface; 2) deep-hull pixel isolation technology: while keeping the width of the deep-hull constant, the surface of the device is blunted, the surface complexes are reduced, the electrical chain is reduced, the refraction rate between silicon oxide and silicon material is different; the difference results in the majority of the photons being confined within the photo-sensors, thus further increasing the photon absorption rate; 3) thick silicon technology: due to the fact that:
The photon absorption rate is proportional to the distance of transmission in the material, so the conventional thick silicon process has further increased the intake of photons from photons. With the remarkable performance of infrared quantum efficiency, eagle eye technology is expected to widen the market even further in the field of security.
The increase is five times higher, with an average of more than 50% of the qe in the 800-940nm wavelength zone. The achievement of a clear image in an invisible landscape, with high sensitivity, high dynamic range, etc., enables the capture of images in the lower light with much more detail and near perfect image quality. In addition, the high resolution rate of 120 frames per second solves the night capture rate.
High-resolution images are difficult. Efficient near-infrared imaging at 940nm ensures that sleep is not affected, but is not easily detectable by the intruder. With these advantages, the Nighthawk nyxelTM technology can be applied to low-sight environments such as weak light, night vision, and will be highly competitive in areas such as security surveillance, machine visualization, drones, ar/vr, automobiles and medical care.
Figure 33. Eagle-Eyed technology applications show the perfect night vision, and nyxelTM-Technology is closer to tradition as the near-infrared sensitivity rises significantly.
Infrared technology, with better Quantum absorption efficiency. This means that night vision performance will allow security cameras and adas to be captured with greater clarity. According to icinsights, by 2022, the use of cmos in the security sector is expected to reach 6% of the cis market, and the market size will be reached.
The market share of the year was 49% and 56%, the world’s number one, and its clients were the world’s top two security producers, Haikang, and Da Hwa. With domestic capital, Howie is expected to continue to dominate global security at the end of Cios.
Semiconductor Markets: According to Wsts, the United States semiconductor market will continue to grow by 16.8% by 2018, Europe and Japan will both remain at around 6.6%, Asia and the Pacific will have average growth rates down to 7.7%, but mainland China will continue to grow at a rate of more than 20%, and mainland China will be the most rapidly growing region in the world in 2018. With the advent of the 5g era, semiconductor markets will continue to grow at a rate of more than 20%.
The scene will remain constant; Will will work together in both design and distribution, with strong expectations for better performance. Cis Market: Cis is the eye of the machine world, and 5g scenes are indispensable. While the growth deceleration in the mobile phone market has affected the growth of cmos sensors, the next 5g technological upgrade will further boost the demand downstream in the electronics industry, with cars, security, machine vision, medical, virtual.
The impact will be offset by a strong demand in real and other emerging applications markets, and will again drive a record increase in the sales of cos image sensors. Global cos image sensors were sold at $12.5 billion in 2017, an increase of 19 per cent; they are expected to reach $13.7 billion in 2018, an increase of 10 per cent; and, according to icinsights, by 2021, the cos image sensors will be able to maintain their output and annual innovation in sales.
High trends will bring the market size to $15.9 billion. With its endogenous advantage, Howie will build up 5g technology to reshape the track, and will continue to benefit the cis market in the future.
Figure 36. Size of the global cos image sensor market 4. Industry upstream/downstream resource consolidation, enabling industrial synergies from acquisitions 4.1 Wehr shares in the U.S. Howell, can integrate upstream resources.
According to digitimes data and Phoenix Technology Network, the end-demand market was driven in 2018 by the acceptance network, auto electronics, etc., high-end image perception, and cos chip production was tight. According to icinsights, global crystal mill output grew at a low rate of 6%, 4%, 7%, respectively, in 2015-2017; crystal circle plants benefited from panel driveic, power management chips, fingerprint identification, etc., and client drops.
With the acquisition of Howell, the two can share upstream crystal mill supplier resources. Wall shares are mainly advanced in China, China and Shanghai, where there are currently three 200-mm crystal mills, with a monthly capacity of about 170,000 pieces, and process nodes covering 1 μm to 1 μm.
90nm, the country’s largest and second-largest firm, is 8 inches oldry; Weir’s share of domestic crystal mill suppliers’ resources will be effective in alleviating howell’s capacity. At the same time, Weir’s entry into the high-end cis market will further integrate upstream resources and improve the quality of corporate development.
Final test, eye-to-eye, try ccc.
Crystal circle reassembled cmo sensor colour filter final detection
Back and forth, test cis 4.2 downstream client overlaps are low, and Howie in the United States expands distribution channels through Weir's share distribution system.
Until 2011, Howie technology had been the head of the image sensor market, while Sony ' s share in 2010 was only 7%, and the market ranked sixth. Sony invested heavily in the image sensor industry in the following years: market share increased rapidly to 21.4% in 2012 and achieved unprecedented success in China in 2013, with 13m market ownership of about 70%.
In particular, the 5m pixels market has been highly competitive with brands such as henix, Gekko micro, and Spico. The combination of high-end and low-end markets has led to a lack of competitive products in Howie high-end markets, and low-end markets are unable to effectively compete with competitors’ prices.
The Chinese smartphone and cos image-sensor market, where Howe has a large customer base, has been a major player in the future. Howe has an outstanding technical advantage, since its inception, accumulated 6.5 billion cnos and has the third largest global market share.
Figure 40. Cos image processor industry pattern
♪ Players hamamatsu canon ♪
Keyplayers teledyne overagesellingprice($)
2ndtierplayers ams onsemi
♪ Panasonic sony samsung ♪
I don't know, sharp omnivision smartsens.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Galaxycore inn volumeship (munits)
If the acquisition succeeds, the two will have the combined effect of "1+1>2. With years of deep-drawling within the industry by the core leadership team and keen judgment of the city, after years of accumulation and development, the company semiconductor distribution has built a wide distribution network, which has formed a well-developed “produce, sell, and store” supply chain system, both within and outside the country, with distribution at the forefront of the industry.
With the acquisition of this American company, Howie will form a “back-to-back” model, howhowie will be able to open the domestic and international chips market with full access to Will’s distribution system. At the same time, Howie will concentrate his advantage resources on the design and development of chips, building core competitiveness.
With low overlaps, the resources of both sides are expected to penetrate each other. Will’s shares involve mobile electronics, security, furniture, home appliances, etc., and their customers are less likely to overlap.
Figure 41. The main client of the American shares of Howe and Weir is steadily developing, with semiconductor designs and distribution operations flying both ways.
5.1 Continuously added semiconductor design, with design operations producing and selling two wangs. Research and development inputs for semiconductor design operations reached 8.3 per cent, 9.58 per cent and 14.04 per cent of sales revenue for semiconductor design operations. According to the Department's semi-annual report, in the first half of 2018, Weir shares invested 66 million yuan, an increase of 51.87 per cent.
Research and development for products such as mosfet, power-based, and other products has been scaled up to improve product performance, upgrade products, and further supplement product specifications required by the market. The company’s focus on research and development in the field of semiconductor design and financial investment have expanded its product market for semiconductors.
The design business in figure 42.2017 has made up a two-fold increase in recent years in the production of a design product based on Will’s share ownership. The company’s tvs product collection increased from 160 million yuan in 2012 to 10 times the size of the collection, and the Māori rate has increased; in addition, the company’s moseft and Shortki’s two poles have both remained stable.
Figure 46. Sale of Weir share product 5.2 Passive component product production is strained, company agent Māori production increased in 2018, driving the growth of corporate distribution performance.
Distribution accounts for 70 per cent of the company ' s main business, while the largest share of distribution products is the passive component, which accounted for 35 per cent, 32 per cent, and 38 per cent, respectively, in 2014-2016. Subject to higher prices for passive parts, the company ' s semiconductor distribution business achieved income of 1,478 million yuan in the first half of 2018, an increase of 141.7 per cent over the same period the previous year.
Figure 47. Revenue from distribution operations and growth rates in 2014-2018h1 resulted in a rise in the price of passive components due to a reduction in supply end and expansion of demand end. In 2017, passive parts manufacturers in Taiwan and mainland China increased the price of their products, with mlcc and transistors (r-chip) being the main products for price increase, and passive components in Taiwan.
In 2017, the head of the firm made four price hikes, with prices rising by more than 10%. The increase in the Māori rate for corporate agents has had a greater impact on the main business. In mid-2018, the Māori rate was reported to have increased by 11.56% over the same period, with the supply and demand pattern initially set.
Figure 50. In 2016-2017, the company introduced a stock incentive scheme to target core personnel, which will provide additional assurance of performance over the next few years. This scheme effectively covers company directors, middle managers, and core technical (operational) personnel.
This equity incentive has a positive effect on the company’s long-term development, and is particularly important for the company’s ability to lock in human capital and establish long-term mechanisms.
The above split is based on the following assumptions: (1) that revenues from distribution operations will continue to grow at a steady rate of more than 10 per cent, and that the growth potential of the mosfet and power-managementic products will continue with the steady growth trend of the tvs products of the design business firm, with the gradual increase in the capacity of the crystal-circle manufacturer to produce a small margin of Maori for proxy semiconductor products;
(3) Other major businesses grow steadily with the company’s rapid growth, and the Māori rate rises. Prices are 46, 34 and 30 times higher. With the progressive additions to the design business and the benefits of Howie’s M & A, the company’s semiconductor design capabilities increased rapidly; and the performance commitments of Howe were at least 545 million yuan in 2019, 845 million yuan in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
If the acquisition is completed, Weir shares will hold 100% of the Beijing Howie and 85.31% of the Spico, directly or indirectly. The dollar, 1.58 dollars, or 46 times, 27 times and 20 times the pe. It is expected that successful M&As in the future will benefit fully from the high level of the cis market. (1) M&A integration is not expected and Will and the M&As will not have synergies;
(2) competition in the cis market increases the number of competitors, and competitors ' technological upgrades lose the technological lead; (3) downstream demand falls short of expectations.