But Hong Kong funds, social security funds, and the Great Wall are still strong! What's going on? Today, we're going to be a financial modeling company, with brands that are familiar to all Chinese, but for 26 years, it is said,
And it's interesting that its boss is so low-key, that many investors have difficulty meeting one side, such as Citibank, which offered the consulting firm $10 million in commissions to look for the boss. Moreover, even Maun, who wanted to meet twice, was refused. In 2016, the owner's company went to the market and its stock price jumped to $72.58.
By 2019, q3 had an asset-liability ratio of 52.22%. Moreover, there were frequent media questions, such as about its holdings and repurchases, the competition in the market, and its high capital expenditure. But, even though there was a lot of controversy, its institutional investors were often questioned.
In the list, Hong Kong, China, the Central Settlement, the Great Wall, the All-China Fund, the National Social Security Fund, etc., remains firmly in place for a long time. Here, several core questions about modelling follow: 1) As the only company in the country that is directly involved in several large couriers, where does its future performance drive?
2) Today, the express delivery sector is competitive, its growth dynamics, and the moat power are still in place. Other couriers are now at a high pace, and will they take over their markets in the future? 3) After the market, and despite the long-term adjustment, what needs to be carefully examined is whether their risk factors have been released.
BB: What is the potential impact of the future development of the electronic signature and electronic contract industry on the business of this case? Now, if the period of release is approaching, do you have to pay close attention to the potential risks after the release period?
Today, we start with the Consistency Holdings to study the modelling logic of the express delivery industry. For the public department of the relevant industrial chain, we have also studied Alibaba, Netway, China Travel, etc., and have purchased the "core product one: a professional version of the report" of Yogurt, looking at the company's in-depth reports, as well as some highlights of the excel financial model.
In the early years of creation, Hondo was able to produce expansionary maps through association, but management was under pressure in subsequent years, starting in 1999 with a sharp shift to a straight-up system. In 2013, Hyoto first introduced strategic investments to complete asset restructuring; and in 2017, he borrowed new material to market in a stock market.
The names of the top 20 agencies include the Hong Kong Central Bank, the Great Wall, the All-China Fund, the Finance Fund, etc. The equity structure is as follows:
The rates range from 5 to 40 per cent, representing companies such as Jianghua cars, merchant roads, Shanghai Airport, merchant ships, etc. The median is ups and so forth; the Māori rate is 20 to 30 per cent for downstream applications in a variety of industries, including retailing, electricity suppliers, individuals, wholesales, etc.
Among upstream suppliers, there is a strong voice for producers of printed and packaging materials because of the high availability of materials. But for manufacturers of aircraft, cars, sorting instruments for transport equipment, this whole-car, highly technologically demanding vendor, and service providers who depend on air, rail, and highway routes, there is less voice for them.
The model is a home-to-country, straight-line delivery company, which directly confronts consumer groups, including government, business, electricity sub-business, and individual customers, while the domestic “one-to-one-four” model is a union model. Subsistence downstream customers are divided into two types, one for a b-end, such as government, business, and institutions. These customers are monthly customers, with a large volume of transactions, and are referred to them.
The first five of its suppliers purchased $7,832 million in 2018, or 11.16 per cent of the total, and the first five clients, either day or day after day, distributed their stores.
8.22%. According to the profit statement, in 2019 q3 q3 was a smooth realization income of 78.770 billion yuan, of which operating costs accounted for 80.69%, including outsourcing costs, employee remuneration, transport costs, office and rental costs, etc.; sales cost 1.81%, management cost 9.24%, R & D cost 1.19%, financial cost 0.68%, leaving a net interest rate of 5.32%.
See a set of icons organized by Mergers and Acquisitions, the basic features of which are as follows:
Revenue = speed logistics + commercial sales + others; of which speed logistics is related to speed and average ticket revenue (i.e. unit prices), the formula is changed to: income = average ticket revenue for volume of thorium X + commercial sales + other; overall, smooth revenue projections focus on speed logistics, with the core variable being two main factors: speed and ticket revenue.
According to the National Postal Service, the volume of services in 2018 was 50.710 billion, an increase of 26.6 per cent, compared with 44.4 per cent in the past decade.
So, here we go with two questions: 1) What drives the fast growth of our express delivery industry? 2) Why, as a leader, business growth is not as fast as it is? First, look at the answer to the previous question: the boom in the electricity market.
According to China’s e-commerce centre, there are currently 830 million Internet users, 610 million Internet buyers, and 76.3% Internet purchase penetration. In 2018, the country’s Internet shopping was more than 9.3 trillion, an increase of 31% over the same period in previous years, and in nearly eight years, the capgr was more than 42%.
Visible is the high rate of rapid development of the express delivery sector, which has a large share of the power-to-power dividend. Looking back at the development of the express and power providers, the express delivery industry has experienced three-wheeler dividends: first round: a rapid growth of the c2c electric power suppliers, a large number of low-cost items of treasures, a rapid boost to the demand for electrical items, represented by the collection of treasures;
The second round is marked by b2c of Skycats, Kyouta, etc., where electric traders integrate the supply chain, reduce the flow chain by taking advantage of scale, build the moat river. Branding, self-incubation, and sub-branding.
Round three: Social traders like the multiplicity, cloud, etc. surge, sink the market, unleash the purchasing power of three or four lines of cities and sub-cities, and the power suppliers sink. So, our predictions of the power suppliers’ express volume can be derived from the size of the market as a whole, from the top down.
The size of our electricity market grew from 51.1 billion yuan in 2010 to 93,863 million yuan in 2018, with a compound increase of 51.43 per cent in eight years, while the growth in the size of electricity suppliers is inextricably linked to both factors, with zero aggregates and penetration rates.
In the first place, total zero is an important indicator of consumption — domestic consumption growth is driven by income growth among the population, rising consumption spending (consumption spending is related to disposable income) — faster per capita disposable income (9 per cent) compared to major developed countries such as the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and Germany, and higher per capita disposable income (9 per cent) in storage.
High savings (46.4%) and low population consumption of gdp (38.7%) are structural differences that drive annual levels, which are also at a high rate of 8 to 10%. After 1983, as American disposable income exceeds $10,000, the rate of increase has slowed down to about 5%.
Against the backdrop of the continuing slowdown in disposable income per capita, the zero growth rate in the United States of America during the 10 years 1992 to 2000 resolved the large consumer plate, and we looked at the penetration rate of electricity suppliers — in a horizontal comparison, in 2018 the share of retail sales (both in kind and services) on the Internet in total retail sales of social consumer goods exceeded 23.6 per cent, of which 18.4 per cent was in real appliances.
The global penetration rate for power suppliers is the highest, 6.4% higher than the second largest in Korea, and vertically, our penetration rate is saturated in second-line urban areas, with user growth slowing, while penetration in low-line cities is much higher than in first-line cities.
Chinese shoppers report a high penetration rate of 73% in first-line cities, leading by more than 12 in three and below, so if you look at the express delivery industry, electricity is an area that cannot be bypassed. This predictive logic, too, has been analysed in detail in the modelling of Alibaba.
The keystone of the business is the statute of limitations, which corresponds to business documents and to a small number of high-end power suppliers: while the four-way market is dominated by electronics, it is the rise of the electricity business.
In fact, it is not Shun Fung who doesn’t want to do electricity, but is in an awkward position for the smoothness of straight-line, time-limited properties. In 2014, Hyeong Fung made a major effort to develop support for the power business, which increased its revenue from 0.5% to 8.8%.
But this has led to a sharp decline in the combustible combined Māori rate, from 24.87% to 17.25%. That is, while the development of demand in the electricity sector has led to an increase in business volume, a smooth straight-run system has a higher cost, which does not match very well with the demand for electricity.
We're low. From the point of view of an electrician, if it's good, then the cost of the past shipment would have been roughly $18 per package, and if it had been a four-to-one package, it would have dropped to within $12.
The value of the merchandise must exceed $360; if it is to be no more than 3%, the commodity must be more than $600. From the data on the cat’s orders for the past few years, the average turnover is between $180 and $210, so, at cost, electricity vendors are likely to still opt for a cheaper four-way street.
So how do we reduce costs? The easy way to do this is to save end-of-end appliance costs by using the Fulbright Express.
In this way, the single price of $8 to $10, if calculated at 3%, would be around $200 per unit price, which would expand the market for electronics. For example, 3c numbers, clothing, home appliances, etc., would be more consistent. On balance, as long as the cost is reduced, the layout of the electricity market would still be successful and would increase the speed of its operations.
Uncertainty has led us to set up a situation switch on the growth rate of our operations: one, optimism, success in opening the market for surplus power suppliers, but due to the gradual weakening of the dividend period for power suppliers and the fierce competition in the express delivery, the volume increase was at an average of 26.6 per cent, then reduced to 3 per cent of the cpi level.
As a result of the binding, the expansion of the electricity market has not been very effective, with business growth increasing at a three-year historical compound rate of 22.46%, then decreasing to a level of cpi of 3%. Well, how can one assume its single-ticket income after looking at the fast supply?
In the case of fast-moving logistics operations, including time-bound, economic, fast-moving, cold-moving, international and other logistics products, which are dominated by time-bound logistics products, but whose revenues are growing faster are fast, cold, international. From historical data, smooth-flowing tickets are between $22 and $25. But note that, in terms of speed, there was an increase in 2016.
For the first reason, official data from the National Post Office show that 121.50 billion couriers nationwide were operating in the first quarter of 2019, bringing the sum of 9.36 billion in the top six-year-old couriers.
It accounts for 77% of the country’s Express Service enterprises during the first quarter of the year. According to data from the first quarter of the five-year Express operation, unit prices are now on a downward trend every year. The average unit price for the first quarter of 2019 was $12.7, a 14% decrease compared to the first quarter of 2015. (In addition, Kyoto, 4-to-1 and so on, has been deployed in the frame of the statute of limitations, and has introduced the following day-to-day, day-to-day, and so forth.)
In Beijing’s capital airport, Shanghai Pudong airport, and Guangzhou Baiyun airport, three regions are relatively rich in scattering resources, and smooth competitors can use dispersed resources to counter the statute of limitations. So, in the short term, Shun Fu will not be able to effectively suppress competitors in time or in time.
So, when the consumer express market at the end of the consumer's end is highly competitive, and the price wars keep the profits under pressure, and it is difficult to suppress competitors in the shipping industry. Can we avoid the power provider, the Red Sea, and find a wider blue market?
The emergence of the b2b, 2c model, where the plant goes directly to consumers, warehouse-to-ware, and warehouse-to-business operations have developed. The difference is in the weight of the express delivery, which is under 5 kg, and 5 kg to 300 kg; and in the case of large domestic appliances, furniture, and domestic products, which require fast operations.
In the first half of the year 2019, operating income amounted to $5.058 billion, or 2. Cold transport: in terms of market demand, consumer enterprises such as retail, catering, medicine, etc. could be reduced by using cold-chain transportation.
Ben, efficiency gains. We're still in the early stages of cold transport, with a high rate of loss and loss of business costs, and therefore a need to upgrade supply chain services for such products. In terms of market supply, compared to the small supply chain sysco (Sisco) in the United States, the country's cold food market is represented by an Ali box,
We have a low concentration of pharmaceutical dealers compared to the American medical giant mckesson, with the top three companies accounting for 90% of the market share. We have representatives of the pharmaceutical cold-transport market, with national holdings, Chinese medicine businesses, and on-board holdings. So, compared to the big players in the mature market, we have representatives.
And not all of the end-states have the power to build their own cold chains, so the third-party cold-ship market has great prospects. Here, let's look at America's share price trends: the Summer Group has more than 40 years of experience in cold chain supply chain management, a logistics company with the world's leading multi-temperature food distribution technology.
The United States summer business, which is located in 116 countries around the world, is an exclusive logistics supplier to McDonald’s. Not only is the hardware good, but it has a strong and efficient back-office support system capable of achieving 98% of the distribution point rate and one-tenth of the cost of logistics products.dhl is one of the three major logistics players in the world, with 30 years of experience in supply chain management in China, with supply chain operations at the top of the world.
Germany’s well-known clients in the manufacturing, life sciences and medicine, high-tech and spare parts logistics, fast-discharges, and retail industries provide the industry’s leadership. Dismantling co-ops and back to this case, Hondo joined forces with the United States Summer Club in 2018 and acquired the supply chain of dhl in China in the same year, while smooth cold transport focused mainly on food, medicine, and automobiles, semiconductors, medical, etc., demanding high barriers to industrial chains.
In the first half of 2019, the smooth transport and medicine business as a whole achieved tax-free operating income of 2,352 million yuan, representing revenue.
The business has also been growing at a rather rapid pace. So, despite the competition for electrical appliances, there is no room for competition, price competition, but it is in the cold, fast transport, and a very broad blue sea to dig.
Moreover, these two areas are not business that can be done by simply saving a bunch of couriers, but rather need to be made more aggressive in terms of “product power.” Since the beginning of the boom, despite being in a less sophisticated delivery industry, they have been holding on to the “high end” of the product, a gene that is vital to the development of cold and fast transport.
In fact, there's still a lot of things to concentrate on: simple business can be done, but the moat is low, and a team can kill you, but it's hard to break through some difficult areas, but once the layout is done, people are stuck outside the threshold, and they can't get in. The choice of simple business is entirely based on the enterprise's own business.
At present, despite the rapid growth of these two businesses, the problem is that their share of income is not large enough, and their power suppliers face fierce competition from other couriers, the statute of limitations is about to face electronic signatures, and the technical replacement of electronic contracts.
Standing on a node between an old business and a new business, the core node between the new and the new is the Orzhou airport, which is currently heavily invested, and we believe that once completed, the airport will have a greater impact on its new operations, such as cold and fast transport. (3) International operations: this part of the operation refers to cross-border operations, represented by a cross-border electric power provider, and based on the China E-Commerce Report.
The total value of retail imports and exports through the Customs Cross-Border Electronic Commerce Management Platform was $134.7 billion in 2018, an increase of 58.570 billion in international courier operations, a five-year compound increase of 16.7 per cent, and 1.202 billion non-tax revenue, a 2.4 per cent share of revenue, of smooth international operations in the first half of 2019.
At present, the share is relatively small, with little impact on the welfare situation. In summary, the M & As assumption – although the power vendor express industry is competitive and has a tendency towards price warfare – is that, given the fact that the fast growth of smooth new business can be partially hedged, we assume that all of its electricity fares will fall, but other businesses will rise, and overall revenue will not continue to fall in the future, but it will be more difficult to do so.
So, is the logic of these predictions reasonable? We have to cross-check them in combination with other methods. Since we have predicted, in the form of a crude industry division, a smooth overall increase from a quantitative point of view, the same method of prediction is inevitable from a linear extrapolation, and there is still a great deal of uncertainty.
I am mainly business, with more than 50% of my income coming from this area. But note that this is a major business.
Risks to be taken into account – technological substitution. In general terms, e-contracts, e-signs, etc., are emerging, allowing business to move from mandatory to optional, and therefore, the delivery of business items is subject to great uncertainty.
The area of electronic contracts is currently at an early stage of rapid development, and it is difficult to judge the speed of growth. For example, in a similar area of track electronic invoicing, domestic electronic invoicing increased at a compound rate of 125.43% between 2016 and 2018.
The impact on this case, with the increase in penetration of electronic contracts, is that the demand for commercial items (prescriptions) may shrink. And the area of electronic contracts has a more horrific “network effect” and a similar level of micro-confidence, the more people use it.
The greater the marginal value of the user; at the same time, the more people use it, the smaller the cost of the marginality of the enterprise. For this logic, we also analysed it in detail in our study of Ali Baba.
For generations, such as paper-based media, instant communication, etc., the elite uses scenario analysis to make a more cautious assumption: under optimistic assumptions, revenue from future statute of limitations products increases from 14.3 per cent in 2018 to gdp per year.) Economic operations, i.e., electrical goods:
As previously analysed, power suppliers are mainly affected by the penetration rate of electricity suppliers and by the social zero. At present, a smooth economy of $208.8 million in 2018 is growing at a rate of 37.63%. Considering that our society is now growing by 8% on a year-on-year basis, domestic economic growth is likely to slow in the future, closer to a comparable period in the United States.
At the same time, the rate of penetration of the electric power provider, which we measured at the time of the construction of the Alibaba model, is reduced from year to year to a 4% rate of penetration of the electric power provider.
There are tens of thousands of participants in the country’s zero-sum industry, but there is not yet a firm with a significant advantage. From 2016 to 2018, the industry cr30 was less than 5%, with the leading Tebun Express being the only company with 10 billion revenues, but still accounts for less than 1% of the industry.
We use Devon as a smooth match, assuming a smooth future fast-moving increase from 47% to the current water supply of Texas Logistics 4) Cold-ship and pharmaceutical logistics operations, which, according to the foregoing, our representative enterprises are only just starting out in the cold-ship market.
For the first half of 2019, the income was currently 2,352 million yuan, an increase of 53.93 per cent. Here, we refer to our co-workers: Sisko, whose average income growth for the last three years was 6 per cent, and the domestic medicine cold transport represents national drug control.
The rest of the international operations, co-equipment, other operations, and supply chain revenues are relatively low, and we have projected their overall packing: by calendar, the ratio of the three-quarters to the annual report was around 70.98 per cent. 2019q3 earned 78.770 billion yuan, extrapolating its operating income for the entire year 2019: 787.770.98 per cent = $110.973 billion, an increase over the previous year.
— The speed of business growth in the express delivery sector is directly related to the rate of growth in the size of domestic Internet purchases. In the medium term, it is true that the electricity suppliers are growing at a higher rate, and our income estimates are complete, but if modeling is to be done, it is also necessary to understand other important issues — where does the unincorporated operating income go?
Sensitive customers, low prices and low load rates of electrical package products, have led to price declines and cost burdens. At present, the welfare rates are not volatile, with the Māori rate being moderate in comparison with the counterparts (note: Fedex, pups do not disclose Māori rates).
The cost of a straight-line delivery is higher than the cost of a consolidated delivery, so we're going to be specific. On the cost side, the cost of a smooth supply has been large, and the share of income is around 80%.
Outsourcing costs, transport costs, office and rental costs, etc., dominated by outsourcing costs, followed by employee remuneration. 2019q3, operating costs of 63.559 billion yuan, representing an increase of 19.12 per cent over the same period in the previous year, representing 80.67 per cent of income. Its share of revenue remains stable and future costs fluctuate little, so we assume operating costs (depreciation amortization)
The average share of income was 77.41% over the last five years, and increased marketing costs were incurred during the year as a result of increased investment in their marketing and promotion activities due to power-hunters and raw commodities. The business was then restructured back to normal levels. For the last three years, its sales cost as a percentage of income remained at around 2%, or less.
Big. 2019q3, smooth sales costs amounted to $1.428 billion, or 1.81% of income. However, smooth sales costs are high compared to their counterparts.
2019q3, including R & D costs, is $8,222 million, with a management cost of 10.43%. Compared to peers, it also has a high management cost, which means that management is indeed more difficult than unionization in the direct-camp model.
But there's a question about what long-term capital will have to run in the future, and from historical data, the amount of smooth capital spending has grown rapidly in recent years, but the pull effect on its cash flow has declined. From capital spending lines, as of 2019, q3 was spent mainly on equity investments, aircraft, and sorting.
Central, land, warehouses, etc.. Here, the pull-off effect on cash flows is mainly due to the fact that the construction of the airport is still under way and has not yet started to operate. The airport has been invested in large amounts, but it has not yet had a pull-off effect on performance and cash flow.
The specifications are designed to meet the target of 1 million passenger throughputs in 2025 and 2.45 million tons of mail through. What is the concept?
First, domestic airline resources are not scarce. And that can be seen in a price war with Hondo.
Second, the boom in e-fibulation, where demand is shrinking, is not a recent event, and the trend of e-commerce has begun to emerge since 2013. Together, supply is not scarce, demand is at risk of shrinking, and there is still substantial capital spending to expand.
The answer is: the airport was built not for the statute of limitations and the electronics market. There was a risk that the statute of limitations market would be overtaken by events, and the electrics market would not be able to afford the high premium on freight, so the airport would be built with only one.
Only in these two high-value-added areas can the logic of an airport be closed. From this point of view, a future competitor, not a four-way, or a bulk-in-the-shelf Debon, but a West.
When the logic of the airport was clarified, we looked at the specific capital expenditure assumption that other construction-in-progress projects reported up to mid-2019 were relatively small, and most of the money was spent on business-related maintenance assets.
Response: “Capital expenditure for future years does not exceed as much as 10% of income.” 1) New construction in progress: it is planned that the airport project will be completed in three years, assuming that its capital inputs will be distributed equally over a three-year period. 17.8 billion yuan will be required to finance the construction in progress and $5.933 billion will be invested annually; there will be no major construction work in progress.
2) Maintenance capital expenditure/principal operating income, based on historical levels, at 5.31 per cent of the historical average of three years; 3) new acquisition of fixed assets/business income, i.e. new fixed assets excluded from the construction-in-progress consolidation component of the new fixed assets, reduced by 2.66 per cent of the historical average of three years to 0 per cent per year and no new assets will be acquired in the future.
The share of outstanding assessed/main battalion operating income is extremely low, at an average historical five-year value of 0.9 per cent. All right, here we see our fixed assets are partially projected to be completed. But there is one more detail that needs to be focused on — its fixed capital depreciation, and how do we calculate it?
The depreciation of fixed assets is divided into two main categories - depreciation of pre-existing fixed assets and depreciation of new fixed assets. The depreciation of pre-existing fixed assets consists mainly of aircraft, aircraft engines, swing parts and high-value aircraft maintenance tools, ranging from 5 years to 10 years, followed by houses and buildings.
At the same time, we use the depreciation policy of several of our peers as a pair.
This is where the capital expenditure and the depreciation amortization have been resolved. There is still a burning project that has not been resolved - the operating capital of the case, what is the situation?
Historically, its operating capital has been negative since 2016, maintaining a stronger position with regard to upstream and downstream speech rights.
2019q3, its accounts receivable amounted to $9.472 billion, an increase of 55.9 per cent over the same period, and its share of income amounted to 12.02 per cent. Note that the increase in the accounts receivable ratio is due to the use of regular settlements at the end of the month to provide quick-moving logistics integration services to some clients.
Compared to their counterparts, direct couriers generally have a lower turnover rate than those of the federated couriers. The smooth response rate is better among their immediate counterparts, while its turnover is not the same as that of the federated Express.
With respect to advance payments, the bulk of the advance receipts were for freight and other charges and no more than 1 per cent, which is a very small proportion. Therefore, we assume that accounts receivable represent a three-year historical average of 8.07 per cent as compared to future years, and advance receipts represent a three-year historical average of 0.51 per cent.
The proportion of costs per item showed an upward trend, falling slightly in 2018, from 12.15 per cent to 10.57 per cent. In 2019q3, it was payable at $9,769 million, or 15.37 per cent of the cost. Compared to the case of comparable companies, prosperity is also at a moderate or moderate level, second only to the hymn and the offer.
On the whole, there is a strong and rising upward trend of smooth versus upstream speech. Thus, Merger Merger forecasts its share of accounts payable as a percentage of GDP, which is 11.9 per cent over the last three years. 3) Inventory: smooth stock consists mainly of inventory materials, stock commodities, and the consumption of shipping materials, and includes a number of under construction development products.
In the last year, its stock accounted for 1.14 per cent of the cost, which is relatively small, and its pull effect on cash flows slightly reduced. At the same time, the stock turnover rate in this case is at the same low level. Because of its small size, we predict that its stock as a proportion of the cost will remain at an historical average of 0.97 per cent.
When you look at this, a few of the main variables in the valuation modeling are clear. When the hypothesis is solved, the modelling is the process of making water to the canal. So, how do you use Excel to model the valuation in this case?
Before we do modeling, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) Future growth -- in the short term, mainly because of its ability to maintain the volume of the competition without a significant fall in prices.
A strong downside effect, we'll keep track of new developments. Long-term developments in new operations, the layout and integration of their supply chains. 2) The moat side - the development of technology such as smooth size layout, intelligent sorting, and fleet excellence and future airport maintenance. 3) The competition side - the country's express delivery firms are more competitive and are aligned with it.
The advantages of a smooth lead, coupled with the acquisition of high-quality supply chain assets, the construction of airports, and the completion of future integrated operations, are synergized. This allows them to continue to upgrade their medium- and high-end branding effects, as well as their supply chain capabilities.
When you look at this, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified. When it's done, it's actually the water-to-water process. All of this is done for the financial modelling table, and some of the key companies have detailed valuation models.
Please purchase a prototype and a professional version of the report, using Yangtze Power, Haikangway as an example, and the modeling part of the valuation, as follows:
In the case of Yangtze power, a flat balance sheet projection diagram: Sea Conway (non-normal or non-managerial gains and losses)
Decrease in marketed operating funds [initial-end period] Non-recurrent or non-managerial gains and losses (fixed asset acquisition)
(Four splits among minority shareholders)
In the next professional and technical editions of the report, we will address the following major issues in the case. Only by thinking clearly about them will we be able to understand this company thoroughly and make a logical difference.
Rings. Many people think that just by industrial logic analysis, they can run through the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not clarified, there will still be a huge disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and the resulting data compartments are available to all.
What difference, if any, is there something to think about? Are there any differences between large domestic and foreign firms? 2) Is it logical to combine relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting valuation zones? Where are the differences? Where are the factors? What is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on valuations if there is a sensitivity analysis?
3) In this case, one of the most important elements of the industry chain — how does the choice of different methods differ in the valuation modelling process in this case? How should all financial projections be combined to form a closed ring for the valuation modelling series?
4) After the pre-surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, is the value of this case, what kind of area is it, expensive or cheap? Because of the details of the public report, there will be a conflict with the payer of the merger and purchase of the eugenic report, and therefore, the merger buys the eugenic report.
The team will respond to the user’s request for reports, some of which will no longer be provided free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function. Paying a reasonable price for good products is the way to make the world a better place – the cost that everyone pays will help us add more investment elites from the top universities around the world, and the benefits of buying and buying from the elite.
In this case, it will be updated to the "core product one: professional version of the valuation report" of the team. If you are interested in the value section of this case, as well as more other cases, you can scan the lower two-dimensional code.
The details of the valuation model in this case, as well as the financial risks that may be involved. At the same time, many of the reports that were previously unpublicable and significant risk point reminders would have been included.
The functions not available (including valuation modelling tables for priority companies) will be open for download.
To obtain model tables and invoices after purchase, add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj in addition to this case, values are low, security margins, the eight words can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system and Ba.
Feather, Charlie Munger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt, many masters. Whether you're in the first- or second-tier market, you only have financial analysis, industrial analysis, moat-water analysis,
Valuation analysis, portfolio analysis skills, and especially valuation analysis skills, are the essence of the entire system of value investment research. However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and
This is the direction for which the M&A team will work for the rest of its life -- together with us, daily carding, use.
In 10 years, 10,000 companies have been studied, and, despite the amount of effort, they will not save their labour, and their taste will not reduce their material strength. The best-selection has always been the way that M&As insist. We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, and hundreds of companies for nearly three years.
And the hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that we've chosen are all concentrated in this library, which, on the one hand, is the entire record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, is hoping to stimulate your thinking and reduce the bending path. We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth research.
The M&A users have a set of research guides. I hope you'll get what you can every day. Versions, copies, copyings.) Content: we're responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, content analysis, no support for any form of decision-making basis, and no form of investment advice.
Properties, organized in accordance with their statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., without endorsement for future changes, any future changes are irrelevant to this paper. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. Market risks, and research needs to be cautious.
Huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, does not guarantee that all the cases you need are covered.