The number of material numbers continues to expand, and the platform company has moved forward with the São Paulo stock (300661.sz) incident company, which issued its annual report 2022 and its quarterly report 2023, which enabled the company to start operations in 2022.
388 million yuan (+42.40 per cent): net profit from maternity is 874 million yuan (+24.92 per cent): net profit is deducted 847 million yuan (+30.67 per cent) and a revenue of 513 million yuan (yoy - subject to increasing competition in the current market and the company ' s performance is in line with expectations) for the first quarter of 23q1.
Prince Road Development, 59.0 per cent over the year, 3.5 pct higher than the previous year, of which 2204 seasons were achieved, compared to 2.4 pc, the company organized the increase in the Mäori rate mainly as a proportion of the revenue from the company's signal chain products.
Upgrade. During the reporting period, the company introduced 500 new material products, which were widely used in the fields of industrial control, motor vehicles, communications, consumer electronics and medical care. In 2022, the company spent $626 million on research and development, 72.08 per cent of the total staff of the department, and the investment in research and development increased year by year.
The recovery pace of 23q1 is lagging, with short-term pressure on performance. As a result of firm 23q1 revenue of $510 million (higher competition, insufficient market demand and cost cyclical coverage), companies are expected to be rich in products, platform models are developed, and attention is paid to the downward trend of the firm. Companies are modelling for the country.
(a) Chip-header, with a wide range of products and a wide range of customers, currently owned by the company, with more than 4,300 items available for sale in 30 major categories. In patent applications, the company applied for 263 new patents (of which 245 patents, 6 patents for practical new types, 12 patent applications for pct).
R & D drives the company’s own barriers. On the layout of the new product, ultra-low power consumption, dc/dc, efficient charger, and high-precision adc are the company’s recent industry leaders. We appreciate the competitive advantages that the corporate division, as a simulator, offers in terms of expansion and continuous process rotation.
Figure: p-bands: pb-bands
Peak, Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Jilin University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, formerly employed in the Department of Oceanic Certificates, Treasury Securities, and the Beijing Trust Securities Department. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, leading an electronic team leader, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.