Keeping the performance up fast, growth hormones are promising - the year of the Mid-According Report (000661), the overall rate of growth has continued to grow at a somewhat faster rate than expected, the whole of the bioproduct business.
In the second quarter, the performance of the real estate business continued to grow at a high rate owing to the same closing factor as in the other quarter. In the first half of the year, the higher performance of the second quarter, the higher performance of the 2018q2 company, the net return to the mother, the net return to the mother, the net gain to the mother, was equal to the higher performance of the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, sales costs increased by 47 per cent, management costs increased by 51 per cent, and _aaa_Change (0006601).
This is mainly due to higher growth in R & D inputs in the current period.
The growth hormone product will continue to grow at a high rate, supported by growth in the number of facilities developed, the number of new patients admitted and the number of drug users. At present, growth hormones are used for the treatment of children.
Short-deficiency rates are still low, long-term market space is wide, domestic markets are folded, competitive patterns are relatively good, and the growth hormone industry will continue to grow faster. As a leader in the domestic growth hormone series, Kinsey will also benefit from its own marketing model reform, fine-tuning.
High profile of sub-areas and higher Māori product ratios, ensuring performance in the coming years Rapid growth of vaccine operations and robust real estate performance are expected to remain steady The first half of the year, with net gains of 575 million and 138 million, respectively
88 per cent increase, 119 per cent increase, mainly as a result of the introduction of the "two needles" vaccine for the main type of hydropox vaccine, which resulted in a significant increase in the number of product batches on a year-on-year basis; and faster issuance of rabies vaccine in the first half of the year, which is expected to optimize the pattern of competition with the withdrawal of some competitors from the market.
At the same time, another heavy-pound vaccine product – the nasal injection vaccine – has been declared production for 111 clinical trials, and the future growth of the company’s vaccine business is expected to be sustained.
The significant increase in revenue on a year-on-year basis is mainly due to the higher settlement of real estate projects during the reporting period and the expectation that real estate operations will continue to grow at a robust rate as old city upgrades and other projects are delivered.
Risk factors: the risk of less than anticipated replication of existing product markets, the wind of failure in research and development of new medicines