Establishment of joint ventures, enrichment of mono-anti-mock pharmaceutical research and development pipelines, review of the events at Changchun (000661.sz) - Changchun (000661)
On 19 September, the company signed a contract with the Icelandic company alvotech.hf for the establishment of a joint venture.
The North Lake Science and Technology Development Area has established a joint venture between China and China to introduce and commercialize a series of biologically similar drugs that Anvotek has already started to develop in Wang Xiaoqi.
The contract agreed that the total investment and registered capital of the joint venture would be $200 million. Of that amount, the company contributed $100 million in cash, or 50 per cent of the registered capital of the joint venture; alvotech, $10 million in cash, and a technical licence to produce six bio-like drugs.
Information is provided for the preparation of the present report and the valuation is valued at $90 million to finance the joint venture (all transfers over the next five years according to the technical maturity of the project).
The agreed contract technology should be financed as registered capital by a joint venture which, within the duration of the contract, will develop, produce, import and sell contract products in China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) using licensed technology.
2. Our analysis and judgment that (i) alvotech is committed to developing and producing high-quality bio-like medicines, and that it can be used in the production of high-quality bio-requirers.
Alvotech has seven generic anti-mocking drugs, of which Adawood is now in i-clinic. Alvotech was founded in 2013 to develop and produce high-quality bio-symptoms. The network shows that it is currently developing seven generic anti-mocking drugs for cancer treatment.
Immune disease and inflammation. After consulting clinicaltials, the company Adams has launched the I Clinic (nct 03579823) on May 21, 18, probably the most advanced product of its current research. We have sorted out the company’s developmental milestones, as shown in figure 1.
(ii) The company ceo has extensive experience in biopharmaceutical development and management. The company ceo is Rasmusrojkjaer, formerly employed in Mylan and Nord and has more than 20 years of experience in the industry.
Follow-up to the first semi-annual report of 1,218-08-22 Changchun: performance grew faster than expected, followed by a doctorate in molecular biology from the University of Siegen, formerly evaluated in the first quarter of Mylan and Nord and Nord, 2.2018-04-25 Changchun: the pharmaceutical industry maintained a high rate of growth
The Division, with more than 20 years of industry experience, has a reputation for building a successful team and the ability to operate a pharmaceutical business.
Biopharmaceutical growth drive generation; multiple management positions in Nord and Nord during his tenure. 4.2017-12-14 Long Spring High Event Review: Investing in the Sino-Cultan Organisms, heavy burden of layout, Pneumonia mixed vaccine
Figure 1: Alvotech Development Milestone (iii) Mono-resistant pharmaceuticals are rapidly enriched in the pipeline and are expected to contribute to long-term development The joint venture is locking in six pieces on all the interests of the product in China, adding new impetus to the company ' s long-term development.
The joint venture between the two parties is committed to developing as a leader in the field of bio-like medicines in China, providing patients with high-quality bio-like products. It was agreed that, during the contract period, the joint venture would lock down six pieces of alvotech's anti-mock drug products for all interests in China, including the use of licensed technology for research and development, production, and import of contract products, and in China.
We believe that the establishment of this joint venture will enrich the MMP pipeline for enabling companies with the hope of adding new impetus to the long-term rapid growth of their performance. At the same time, the joint venture hopes that, on the above basis, internationalization in the field of biopharmaceuticals will benefit companies by providing global surrogate services and innovative biopharmaceutical development.
We believe that this joint venture with alvotech could quickly enrich the R & D pipeline for mono-mock-resistant pharmaceuticals, and that it would be beneficial for companies to build an international bio-industry platform that could add new impetus to the rapid growth of long-term performance.
Pharmacists, we believe that growth hormone performance will continue to grow at a high rate: as consumption rises and people focus on height management, the growth hormone market has a wide potential for future growth, with companies having the highest product line, the strongest end-control, the fastest-growing new adaptive conditions, a technological lead, and a positive layout of new delivery technologies.
See, the needles help to consolidate competitive advantages; the new adaptive development of water needles is moving fast and is expected to continue at a sustained rate; the long-acting type is the monolithic type, with a significant increase in the performance of the iv stage of clinical completion and expansion of distribution channels. Reorganizing ovarian hormones to fill gaps in national production is expected to lead to import substitution. Vaccine operations are about to enter a new phase of development: water pox vaccines are opening up international markets.
The rabies vaccine will benefit from process modifications and agent upgrades. Both the Chinese pharmaceutical industry and the real estate business are expected to increase steadily, and new drugs will not be developed as expected and the market for new products will not be as popular as expected.