The net profit rate is 92.93% higher than expected, the growth hormones are increasing, the net profits from the Golden Race pharmaceutical industry are increasing by 60%, and the consumption escalation is causing a rapid increase in the volume of growth hormone sales: 100 million yuan, which is more than 60.02% more than the same time.
The reason for the rise in consumption is the growth of growth hormones, which boosts the company’s performance. Data from sample hospitals in priority cities show a steady growth of growth hormones in the country, with a decline in the growth hormone market.
Hormones sink back into the grass-roots market, and the growth of that segment is not fully reflected in this part of the data. At the same time, the increase in the sales of pharmacies as a result of the outflow of prescriptions is not reflected in this part of the data.
The growth hormone market in our country is more than 50% higher than the most thought, the net profit of 100g is higher than 120%, and the company is doing better: 100 grams of organisms, 2018h1, and the company is generating operating income of 575 million yuan, up to 90%, net profit of 138 million yuan, up to a higher rate.
Over 120%. During the reporting period, there was a rapid increase in the company's phoenix vaccine and rabies vaccine. The vaccine benefited from a rapid market increase of two needles, with 2018h1 deliveries reaching 3.9 million, a 50% increase.
The construction of the new plant has completed the field inspection of the influenza outbreak production, the change of the vaccine production site and the related certification of animal rooms, stores of materials, and finished stores.
We believe that the quality of the company's vaccine products is too high to be expected to continue to sustain a rapid increase in profits during the first half of the year: $391 million in revenues from the high new estates of 2018h1, exceeding 1,200 per cent, a net profit of $62.69 million, compared to $12.32 million in the same period last year.
Due to the non-opening of production in the first half of last year and of the park project, only some of the remaining housing sources of the project are covered.
The net profit growth rate of the lead company is 46%, and the profit forecast and investment rating: we expect the net profits of the parent company to be positive for the period 2018-2020.
A high rate of growth, driven by factors such as a gradual increase in the ratio of goods to goods, will continue to contribute to the company.
After the process has been adjusted, it is expected that the company will make a profit out of the loss. Therefore, we maintain that “buying, as expected, the rapid growth of growth hormones will be on August 21, 2018, and the company will publish its semi-annual 2018 report: operating revenue will be 2,749 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
71.82 per cent; net profit of 548 million yuan, an increase of 92.93 per cent in the same year; non-net profit of 515 million yuan, a rise of 60 per cent in the net profit of the gold racing pharmaceutical industry; rapid growth of growth hormone sales as a result of rising consumption; income of 2018h1 yuan in the gold racing pharmaceutical industry, an increase of 59.76 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 557 million yuan.
We believe that the main reason for the rapid growth of the Golden Race medicine industry is growth in consumption, hormones, and growth in the company’s performance. Data from a sample of hospitals in priority cities show that our growth hormone market is growing steadily, and 2018q1 is falling.
The booster growth hormones sink back into the grass-roots market, and the growth of that part of the market is not fully reflected in this part of the data. At the same time, the increase in the sales of pharmacies as a result of the outflow of prescriptions is not reflected in this part of the data.
Companies have increased their academic outreach, market marketing has expanded their variety of marketing channels, and traditional niche markets have been stabilized. In terms of research and development of new products, long-acting growth hormone products have completed IV clinical studies and obtained re-registration.
Figure 2: Growth hormone market growth rate in our country Figure 3: Growth hormone market share 2.2.00 g net bioprofit increase by 120%, company doing business well
100-gram organisms, 201-h1, have achieved operating income of 575 million yuan, up by 90 per cent, net profit of 138 million yuan, up by over 120 per cent, and during the reporting period, there has been a rapid increase in the company's phoenix vaccine and rabies vaccine.
The surge in market release brought about by the needles has reached 3.9 million in 2018h1, a 50 per cent increase in the same year; 1,740,000 rabies have been issued in 2018h1, a 63.8 per cent increase in the same year, as a result of the recovery.
We believe that the quality of the company’s vaccine products is too high to sustain rapid growth throughout the year.
In the first half of the year, new high estates were partially generated by the fact that they were not opened in the first half of the year, but only part of the rest of the remaining housing stock. In the first half of the year, the estates were sold and delivered completely, and the value of the high-end ocean house brands went up.
The company ' s Māori rate remained largely stable, with sales rates showing a slight decline in the same level as management costs. Company sales and management costs increased by 47.46 per cent and 51.37 per cent, respectively, at a slower rate than the recovery rate and increased efficiency.
The race, driven by such factors as down-flowing channels and a rising share of new products, can sustain high growth and contribute to the company's profits; 100 grams of organisms are gradually returning to domestic sales after the vaccine event, while the machine's bio-production process is being adjusted and is expected to make a profit out of the loss. Therefore, we maintain the “buy-in” rating.
Industry change risks, product promotion and sales are below expectations. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee