Long Spring High New (000661); Growth hormones fast growing, overperformance recommended (first time) pharmaceutical organisms
In the first half of 2018, the company managed to raise 2,749 million yuan, an increase of 71.82 per cent over the same period; the net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $548 million, and growth hormones continued to grow rapidly.
Corporate fundamentals (latest) dollars, growing by 60.0 per cent over the same year, are growing rapidly. We believe that the core of the company's growth hormone consumption is strong and free of health insurance charges, along with the distribution channels.
The expansion and the downside, the expansion of the target population, the gradual increase in penetration, the opening of the entire industry market space, and the expectation that the company will maintain a rapid increase in stock prices throughout the year (the latest year)
The vaccine industry grew well. During the reporting period, the subsidiary 100-gram organisms earned 575 million yuan, an increase of 90 per cent, a net profit of 138 million yuan, an increase of the same speed, and the rabies vaccine recovered on the basis of a low base for the same period last year.
With growth, the vaccine will benefit from the market increase brought about by a “one needle” change. Firms are well run, and companies are expected to gain a higher market share in the future as the issuance of related products by competing firms ceases.
During the reporting period, the subsidiary achieved $391 million in operating income, an increase of 1,200 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $6,269 million. The share of the company’s real estate business continued to decline, with future effects on the company’s performance.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or solicitation for the sale of the said securities, which does not take into account the specific investment purposes and financial resources of the persons obtaining the report.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and comments in this report, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs.