The performance has grown faster than expected, and continues to be strongly recommended for the semi-annual follow-up of Changchun Kotsu (000661).
92.93 per cent long; net profit from non-repatriation of $515 million was realized, an increase of 88.37 per cent over the same period; and Wang Xiaoqi provided information on the preparation of this report.
The same-year increase of 115.02 per cent was mainly due to the increase in research and development inputs from pharmaceutical companies in the settlement of real estate projects and the increase in revenues from pharmaceutical operations; the net operating cash flow of $186 million, an increase over the same period, while the company announced its intention to increase its registrations with its own capital to a fully-owned subsidiary with a new high estate.
This is $242.3 million, and with the completion of this replenishment, the capital of the high new real estate register will be increased from $57.7 million to $300 million, and the company will still hold 100 per cent of its shareholding. (i) The pharmaceutical business will continue to grow high + the real estate will enter the settlement period;
Corporate o2 performance has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the high rate of growth in the pharmaceutical industry on the one hand, and the closing period for real estate projects on the other. On the other hand, the company’s performance was on the basis of a high growth rate of 18q1, with a further substantial acceleration in the second quarter, with single-quarter collections, net returns to the mother and non-return to the mother.
The reasons for this are: (1) real estate projects are entering the settlement period, with revenues of $391 million and 10,000 yuan achieved during the reporting period. (2) The medical business continues to grow at a high rate, with a total revenue of $2,341 million, and 1.218-04-25 is reported in a new quarter: the medical business continues to grow at a high rate.
According to the subsidiary, the gold-spill industry has managed to collect $1.511 billion, tracking up the Long Springs New Year Report: 2.2018-02-09: performance has increased faster than expected, not having been evaluated for the 3.2017-12-14 Long Springs High Events: investing in the Sino-Cultan creature, with a heavy weight on the layout.
Pneumonia in combination with vaccines 4.2017-10-24 Spring High Quarterly Review: further acceleration of the pharmaceutical business, Figure 1: The Golden Race Pharmaceuticals Industry Recovery and Net Profit (millions)
Figure 2: 100-gram biocollections and net profits (millions of dollars) Figure 3: Discharges and net profits (millions of dollars) in the Huakang pharmaceutical industry, with 18h1 companies having good cost-control controls. Cost-of-sale and management rates are 35.84 per cent, respectively.
(ii) Growth hormones continue to grow at a high rate, and the long-term completion of the iv period will strengthen the dominant position. The gold-track pharmaceutical industry has seen an increase in revenues and net profits of 59.76 per cent and 60.02 per cent, respectively, during the reporting period, which we believe is mainly due to the contribution of life-long hormones. Terminal data show that companies in sample hospitals achieved growth hormones of nearly 400 million in the first half of 2018.
Taking into account the diversion of patients from hospital-side clinics or children’s hospitals after the first consultation, we estimate that the number of prescription doctors covering the market is increased to increase the number of newly infected children in the group; on the other hand, there is an increase in the use of drugs for children and a consolidation of the stock market.
The company has an all-round advantage in the domestic growth hormone market, and we look forward to keeping it growing fast in the future. The gold game is a home-grown growth hormone tap, with the best agent, the most end-control, and the fastest new adaptive development. We see that the company’s growth hormone business is growing fast:
The growth hormone market in the country is vast. There are about 7 million children with short-term disorders in the treatment window period, of which growth hormone deficiency (ghd) affects more than 2.8 million children, the size of the national market in 2017 is about $3 billion, and the treatment rate is not higher than 5% if it reaches $4.5 billion in 2018.
Effects type, assuming future urban and rural penetration rates of 20 per cent, 10 per cent, water needles and needle use ratios of 4:6 and 1:9, respectively, conservatively estimated the size of our growth hormone treatment ghd market at at least 11 billion yuan. (2) Longactants have completed a iv period of clinical research and are expected to continue contributing to elasticity and further consolidate the company.
The company’s long-acting growth hormones completed a iv-stage clinical study during the reporting period, which will provide a solid basis for product follow-up, academic outreach and advance to the European and American markets, with the promise of sustained performance elasticity. (3) Sales teams continue to expand, marketing channels continue to sink, and market coverage will be expanded.
Expanding the distribution team, continuously expanding market coverage, thereby increasing hospital and prescription coverage, as well as the number of new cases (4) where competitors are unable to capture their share of the market in the Golden Race needles for a short period of time. Given the size of the domestic market, families are expected to grow together. Even with competition considerations, potential competition in the water needles is ahead of the pace of progress in the grips of Ancient Organism.
Applications for listing of products have been included in the priority review list and will be approved as soon as possible in 2018, when they will face issues such as tendering. Foreign competition in hands, while Nord and Nord products have been approved for listing, is still faced with issues such as tendering and re-arrangement for entry into the House. Given foreign firms’ limited academic outreach capacity in the country and higher prices for products, the impact on firms is expected to be limited.
(5) Grow hormones are mostly prescribed outside the hospital and are not subject to the drug-based ratio.
(6) Increased consumption of medicines and the warming of the high-management market for children. In the broader context of the rising consumption of medicines, the consumer-dependent market, represented by the high-level management of children, continues to warm. (iii) The vaccine industry continues to grow at a high pace and continues to grow well.
During the reporting period, 100 grams of biological revenues and net profit increases were 89.92 per cent and 120.15 per cent, respectively, and we believe that four consecutive quarterly issuances, which remained above 600,000 after the first batch was issued in June of the year, could contribute to the industry's performance gains; (2) the volume of vaccines for chicken pox rose substantially. On the one hand, the product price increases, and on the other hand, the two needle changes bring about an increase in sales.
In addition, according to the batches, 18h1 achieved the issuance of 1.492 million vials, an increase of 496.8 per cent over the same period; The issuance of 302.05 million vials was achieved for the pox vaccine, an increase of 14.3 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, during the reporting period, 100 grams of biological data reliability was independently checked in accordance with the current Code for the Management of Quality in Pharmaceutical Production, in order to regulate data management of all activities during the life cycle of products such as production, circulation, post-market monitoring and evaluation.
We believe that the company’s vaccine operation will enter a period of rapid growth: (1) the rabies vaccine process will stabilize in the 18th month, with batches remaining at more than 600,000 for four consecutive quarters, which will increase its performance. The transformation and magnification of the magnification process has been significant, with batches maintained since the second half of 2017.
High levels, taking into account the impact of the previous vaccine events, are expected to accelerate recovery and contribute elasticity to the Madhesian market. (2) The water pox vaccine continues to open international markets, and is expected to accelerate its release in the future. The company’s pox vaccine has been registered in India, Nigeria, and is about to be registered in Indonesia. Meanwhile, Guatemala, Bangladesh, Turkey, Thailand and Turkey are under way.
The product will also benefit from vaccine events, and it is hoped that through sustained expansion of the international market (3) the nostril flu vaccine will be reported and included in the priority review in June 18, and if successful listing will fill up the nose nozzle (4) the R&D of the Frozen Dry Powder type will be carried out in an orderly manner, a sufficient quantity of the ii-programs will be available.
(e) Investment in a combination of heavy-pound pneumonia vaccine, which is expected to be shared in the domestic market. (6) The purchase of an all-person anti-rabies vaccine will create synergies with the company's already existing rabies vaccine if it is marketed successfully.
With the high growth in the pharmaceutical business and the closing period for real estate projects, the company’s performance has grown significantly in the first half of the year, and, better than we expected, we continue to look forward to the future of the company in the long term. The company is the leader of the domestic biopharmaceutical, and we believe that the growth of the long hormone performance will continue at a high rate: the growth hormone market will continue to grow as consumption rises and people focus on height management.
In the field of growth hormones, companies have the full advantage of product line, end-control, new adaptive development, the fastest, technologically advanced, and positive layout of new delivery techniques. By agent type, the needle helps to establish competitive advantages; water needles are rapidly advanced and are expected to continue to be released; long-acting agents are monolithic, iv-type.
The vaccine business is about to enter a new phase of development: the water pox vaccine is opening up international markets, and rabies vaccine will be made more profitable through industrial modifications and agent-type upgrading. The Chinese pharmaceutical industry and real estate are expected to grow steadily.
The long-acting growth hormone market is not as popular as expected, the restructuring of the human ovarian hormone market is not as widespread as expected, vaccine safety risks and policy risks, and new medicines are not being developed as expected.