Changchun's six-monthly performance significantly exceeded market expectations. Changchun's mid-18-year release resulted in revenue of $2,749 million, net profit from the mother of $548 million and net profit from the parent of $515 million, an increase of 71.8 per cent, 92.9 per cent and 88.4 per cent, respectively.
With 70% of the company's core subsidiary, the company's revenue and profits are forecasted as 1.511 billion and 6.73 million, respectively. The main product, the growing plant needles, is growing faster, and in 14 years, Changshaseng.
After the long hormone events had affected the past, the company had significantly increased its sales personnel and infiltrated the three or four-line cities, resulting in a surge in the sale of growth hormone water needles. Growth hormones were driven by two factors, one by the natural development of the industry and the other by 14 years of sand.
The market as a whole has grown at a high rate of over 30% a year, and we expect that the dividend will continue for some time. Driven by the huge sales promotions of various manufacturers, we expect the domestic growth hormone terminal market to be about $4 billion in 18 years, and the gold-spill industry has generated $2.8 billion in sales of growth hormone water needles in 18 years.
The share of the market is 70 per cent compared to the 75 per cent increase. The proportion of growth hormone water needles sold is steadily increasing, with multiple factors contributing to the rapid growth of vaccines.
The net profit from the mother was $138 million, a slight decline from the first quarter. The company’s main product, the vaccine for chicken pox, distributed 3.89 million copies, benefited from two needles of market penetration, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, and its subsidiary, Gilling Maifeng rabies (vero cells), issued 1.74 million copies of the vaccine, with 3.5 million immortals out of the market.
Corporate products are going to grow significantly this year, water needles are growing in a bottleneck, vaccines are not spreading as expected.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.