The incident company issued its first quarterly report in 2024 and realized operating income of $7,89,967 million in one quarter, compared to the previous year.
• Positive developments in efficiency gains from increased storage, with more significant upstream business improvements seen in the operational segment, where companies achieved operating gains of 140.07, 69.74, and 1.07 per cent, respectively, in exploration and exploitation, oil refining, marketing and distribution operations.
First, the company has increased its high-quality exploration and increased the scale of its efficient production, with a positive growth rate. In a season of enlightenment, 128.78 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent were produced, an increase of 3.4 per cent compared to the previous year, of which 35.5 billion were produced by natural gas.
The second is the impact of the first quarter of the international oil price boom, the company ' s crude oil price realization, the cost, supply, etc., downstream operations, which are under pressure for one quarter, benefit from the country ' s economic sustainability, domestic demand for finished oil continues to grow, and demand for chemical products increases faster than ever.
The current crude oil processing volume was 63.3 million tons, an increase of 1.7 per cent compared to the previous period; the total finished oil distribution was 5,981 million tons, which was related to a reduction in the load of negative marginal efficiency devices or to the suspension of operations. We believe that the decline in the refinery block industry was related to a similar reduction in the price of refined oil in the country during the quarter.
Strong, but the chemical plates are affected by the continued release of new production capacity and the rising cost of raw materials, and the profits are still low. High-score red petrochemical companies have continued to promote high-quality development companies as petrochemical companies in our country, maintaining a high-score, better-sustained, and more shareholder-oriented returns.
With a full-scale stabilization of the gas base, 279.06 million barrels of crude oil and 137,7.7 billion cubic feet of natural gas are planned to be produced throughout the year; oil refining will be carried out in an orderly manner with low-cost “oil conversions” and greater “oil conversions” of 260 million tons of crude oil and 159 million tons of finished oil produced throughout the year; and sales will enhance the intellectual empowerment of a number of people.
Consolidation of the market share and acceleration of the construction of integrated energy service providers for “hydrogens” with a planned volume of 191 million tons of finished oil distributed throughout the year; chemical industry will adhere to the “basic + high end” and foster the new advantage of “cost + value added + green low carbon” with a planned production of 14.35 million tons of ethylene throughout the year.
10.48 times the recommended rating. [Galactic Chemical] Company rating - China petrochemicals - high score red petrochemicals, continuing to promote high-quality development _ 2040325
[Galactic Chemical] Company appraising - China petrochemicals - q3 performance ring growth, waiting for chemical price-deficit repairs - 20231027 I have committed myself to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
He was, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Ren Wenbo, a doctor of chemistry from China’s Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China’s oil industry for eight years, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.