Upstream production has grown steadily, and downstream cost controls have continued to intensify \triangleright exploration and exploitation: crude oil prices have risen steadily, gas prices have increased and profits have increased steadily.
\triangleright US$/barrell, a small increase of 0.3%. With regard to natural gas, 24q1, the company achieved 35.5 billion in natural gas production.
Pre-tax profits amounted to $14,823 million, an increase of 11.0 per cent over the same period. Refining oil: the benefits of the fall in the price of the finished oil fell the same year. 24q1, the overall increase in corporate gas/wood/coal oil production ranged from 4.1 per cent to 3.883 million tons.
US$/barrell, but in the context of the overall downside of the price of the 24q1 finished oil, the company ' s refined oils fell by 17.4 per cent Chemicals: enhanced cost control, with narrow losses. 24q1, the company achieved ethylene/synthetic resin/synthesis \triangleright
The production of rubber/co-fibre monoliths and polymers/combined fibres was 328/484/34/204.31 million tons, respectively. The same materials, devices, product structures, enhanced cost control, and the cost of full processing of chemical units decreased by 10.3 per cent to 1.
Non-profit growth on a year-on-year basis, solid profits + high-dimension characteristics Marketing and distribution: business progresses steadily and offshore operations remain visible. 24q1, finished oil \triangleright in the company
Highlighted total sales of 45,580,000 tons, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period, and oil sales of 1,423 million tons abroad, a decrease of 2. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) tri-quarters in 2023
Assessment: The refined oil industry performance ring has improved significantly, driving q3 performance growth - 2023/10/27. Taken together, marketing and distribution block operating benefits have steadily advanced, with pre-tax profits of $8.678 billion, same
3. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) incident evaluation: a share of investment proposal: high Māori guaranteed profitability for exploration operations, marginal improvement in domestic demand, and recovery of profitability for refining industries, with company valuation expected to increase in the context of the market value assessment of the company.
Review: loss of inventory delayed performance, high score + high buyback highlighted: 23q1 performance ring improved, mid-valued valuation expected methodological and analytical logic leading to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.