Events: In the evening of 28 April 2024, China ' s petrochemicals issued a first-quarter report for 2024. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved revenue of $7,89,967 million, a decline of 0,17 per cent and a rise in the ring.
At the end of the oil price, the average price of the \triangleright Lent in the first quarter of 2024 was $81 per barrel, a decline of about 1% in the same and ring ratio.
See, the upstream plate achieved business profits of $12.706 billion, an 11 per cent increase over the same period; the refinery block camp as a whole effectively resisted the downside effects of the oil price hub in order to increase production and reduce efficiency gains to achieve profitable and effective growth; the refinery block was closely aligned with market optimization, the chemical panel
The efficiency gains of the higher and lower yields from the higher reserves have been significant, and the higher profits from the higher and higher upstream plates have steadily increased. In the first quarter of 2024, the company ' s upstream exploration and development plates have increased storage, production and efficiency gains.
On the other hand, the company has stepped up its high-quality exploration, obtained new discoveries of oil and gas, made important breakthroughs in oil and gas exploration in areas such as the Tarriwood Basin, the Sichuan Basin, and the Ganghan Basin, where the gas production and storage facilities have continued to improve.
This represents an increase of 3.4 per cent, with crude oil production of 70.36 million barrels, a 1.3 per cent increase in the same year, natural gas production, a decrease of US$ 15.2 per barrel of oil equivalent per quarter, a decrease of US$ 0.3 per cent in the same year.
The crude oil processing volume of the company was 63.3 million tons in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 1.7 per cent in the same year, the finished oil production of 38.83 million tons in the same year, an increase of 4.1 per cent in the same year, and the operating cost of refining the oil was $3.83 per barrel, a decrease of $0.2 per barrel in the same year, while the company increased the export of the finished oil and optimized the pace of export
And structure, while further optimizing the profit structure at the same time as the precipitation; in the sale of finished oil, the total volume of finished oil sold by the company during the quarter was 59.81 million tons, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period.
Overall, the company’s sales of the refined plates have increased steadily. The chemical plates, a season-long company, have invested in cost control, with unit full processing costs of $1370 per ton, down 10% from the same year, while the company has achieved a significant increase in the chemical plates by optimizing the raw materials, installations, and product structures.
At the same time, there is still some room for restoration of the demand for finished oil; chemical panels are affected by the weakness of domestic property, aromatics, aromatic plates or arctic patterns, and companies still have room to refine the plates for profit.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. Capital expenditure structure is optimized, focusing on increased asset production and refining efficiency gains.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the west corner of Beijing City, with a combined capital expenditure of $20.5 billion, a decline of $2.9 billion in the same year. At the structural level, the company is still focusing on efficiency gains in upstream production and refining.
The share of capital expenditure increased by 2 pct over the same year, while the share of chemical plates decreased by 4 pct. In the upstream domain, corporate capital expenditure focused mainly on the construction of crude oil production capacity such as Ziyang, the Tar River, the construction of natural gas production capacity such as Kawasai, and oil and gas storage facilities such as the Dragon mouth lang; and the refining plate focused mainly on the town seas.
Projects such as expansion, technological adaptations in Guangzhou and Maui, and projects such as ethylene II and ethylene chlorophyll. We believe that the efficient use of corporate capital expenditure is expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the quality and efficiency of the company’s assets and further increase its profitability and resilience to risks.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect that the net return profits of the company in 2024-2026 will be significant, with the growth of the company's future performance and investment values expected to be highlighted, respectively, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: risk of significant fluctuations in crude oil prices; risk of a company ' s new production capacity falling short of expectations \triangleright risk; risk of downstream demand being repaired short of expectations; risk of substitution for the sale of new energy vehicles
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the coal sector. Liu Honghwang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics Technology, and the China Environmental Science Society has been responsible for research in the coal sector.
Committee members, research on energy transformation, carbon neutrality, petrochemical industry development, etc., have led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and have participated in the preparation of policy documents relating to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.