KIMshan Office (688111) Report on the mid-2022 Annual Report of Kimshan Office (6881.sh) on the high rate of growth of subscriptions
In the first half of the year, the company achieved income from its main business of 1.791 billion yuan, an increase of 14.47 per cent in the same year; the return net profit of 520 million yuan, a decrease of 5.30 per cent in the same year, and the return of the mother's net profit in the first quarter of the second quarter.
11.42 per cent of the main business, with domestic personal office service subscriptions earning $940 million, compared with $420 million, compared with 10.96 per cent in the corresponding period; continued growth in Internet advertising and other wpsoffice monthly activity, and the digitalization of users of digital office platforms
As of June 2022, hundreds of millions of people were ahead of other home-grown office software; the wpsoffice mobile version was $334 million per month; the company’s other products were close to 5 million per month.
The average market coverage of Wpsoffice on the domestic market was 81.5 per cent for windows platforms, respectively.
Reporting points: rapid growth in performance, introduction of a new phase of equity incentives 1838 service-business clients, 51 per cent increase in revenue from digital office platforms (column products) over the same period.
The company focused on the implementation and delivery of projects in the area of letter-making, with high-quality product quality assurance, while the U.S. dollar Securities Corporation ' s Research-Kinsan Office (6881.sh) 2021 Division had a 100% acceptance and further improvement in the use of the letter-in-kind product.
• Trends in industry, where companies are actively engaged in business layouts as the party’s political message expands and subsides.
Industry letters, driven by policy orientation and industry demand, in the areas of finance, energy, telecommunications, and the growing demand for integrated corporate cloud products, continue to increase the penetration of corporate products in the area of credit creation.
The new route is to develop the deep applications of the ofd products in digital government, electronic documentation, etc., and to expand business opportunities in electronic licensing, paper, archives, medical care.
The company is the leading office and service provider in the country, and, driven by policy, home-grown software has come to spring, and there is much room for sustained growth in the future.
The adoption of the ps valuation method is more reasonable because of the relatively high rate of entry and the low net profit margin. Since the company was listed, there has been a risk of repeated outbreaks of pneumonia in the new crown: the number of users paying has increased less than expected: the national production substitution process has been lower than expected: other companies have entered the office software market and the risk of increased competition in the market has increased.
Figure 1: The authors of ps-band, who have been listed since the opening of the office in Kimsan, have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment to the report are based on compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the professional integrity and professional competence of the authors, and this report is clear.
A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the China Securities Commission ' s Licence to Run Securities (z23834000), gives S.E.S.C.S.C.C.C.C.A. certificate of approval from the CSRC.
A securities advisory service is a basic form of business in which securities investors or clients are the recipients of relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority, i.e. the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related influences of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, or securities-related products.