Mid 2022: Short-term pressure on letter-making, long-term.
Incidents: semi-annual report 2022 issued by the Office of Kimshan, with 1,792 million yuan in business income achieved by H1 in 2022, i.e. +14.47 per cent in the same year; net profit return to the mother of 520 million yuan, i.e. 5.3 per cent in the same year, in line with market expectations.
Services subscriptions generated $940 million, compared to +40.54 per cent, companies accumulated 28.56 million users per year, compared to +30.53 per cent, and the number of individual subscriptions increased significantly, with cloud services providing good guidance: users uploaded through the public cloud as at the end of June
The number of cloud files has exceeded 151.9 billion, +39.89% of the year. As the number of user logs and the use of cloud clothes has gradually increased, and the company’s long-term strategy for paying users has been implemented well, we expect that the company’s individual subscriptions will continue to grow steadily in the future.
▪ Digital and cloud products demand-led Subscription transition, long-term market recognition: institutional subscriptions: 300 million yuan in 2022 (+51.08 per cent in comparison) for domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations. 1838 new service provider clients from the company ' s digital office platform in the first half of 2022, driving digital operations
A 51% increase in the same income for the fair table (crowd products). Depending on digitalization and strong demand for cloud products, the process of authorizing sub-subscription by domestic institutional clients has continued to accelerate, with a rapid increase in subscriptions by enabling agencies.
Business users are sticky, with a renewal rate of more than 70% and a renewal rate of over 100%. The impact of the institutional mandate slows the pace of progress. In the future, the market will expand significantly under the influence of policy, national production trends will determine that there is still a gap in demand for government users, and party-initiative products will move forward.
We remain optimistic about the long-term growth of corporate corporate corporate mandates after a clear policy pace.  Digital office systems and cloud files center to meet the core needs of the enterprise and look forward to future performance gains: Kim
"Kingshan Office" (688111): In the 2022 season, the cloud files of the mountain have shown significant improvement in the efficiency and security of the business, and in the major corporations and finance reports: institutions have increased their subscriptions to keep their eyes on the clouds.
Corporate projects are well located. Companies fully tap into agency user digitized, cloud-integrated, and mobile office needs to assist in the transformation of enterprise digitized.
As the quality of corporate clouds and collaborative products and solutions continues to improve, while the office digital platform does not.
We're looking at the growth of the company's cloud files in the market for its corporate clients, which will accelerate the penetration of the product at the end of the b.
"Kingshan Office (688111): Tri-quarterly review 2021: subscriptions released, letters for prosperity."
Multiple factors, such as public acceleration and cloud collaboration, drive high performance growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating.