24/08/2022 Office in Kimsan (688111.sh)
The net profit from withholding is $412 million, a 10.22 per cent decrease over the same period. Performance is as expected, income costs are wrongly matched to profit pressure, and repair is expected in the second half of the year.
The Department issued its semi-annual report for 2022, which generated $1.792 billion in revenues during the reporting period, compared to Li Xing, which was expected. During the reporting period, the cost of corporate sales, management, R & D was 19.86 per cent, respectively.
In addition, the company ' s Māori ratio of subscriptions to income increased further during the reporting period, with a steady increase in related indicators. With regard to individual subscriptions, the company achieved RMB 940 million, an increase of 40.54 per cent over the reporting period.
At the end of the reporting period, the number of monthly active equipment for major products stood at 570 million, an increase of 13.77 per cent;
39.89 per cent of the total corresponding storage volume has increased by 67.84 per cent over the same period; in the case of cumulative annual institutional subscriptions, companies achieved revenue of $298 million from domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations during the reporting period, an increase of 51.08 per cent over the same period; and q2 achieved revenues of $168 million in the single quarter.
The same-year increase of 30.63 per cent, the impact of the epidemic on 1838 new service providers per year, leading to 51 per cent growth in revenue from the digital office platform (cloud products); the company, with cloud files at its core, has a smooth team strategy, with 70 per cent business renewal rate, gold.
The company’s long-term cloud and the resilience of its collaborative income growth. The agency’s mandated operations have declined in the short term, and long-term demand for credit remains firm.
The layout has been steady, with a 100% pass rate on the credit project. We believe that, as the party’s innovations have sunk further, the industry’s credit penetration has gradually increased, and the company, as a leader in public software, has a position of cards, and future income growth is more certain.
The strategy goes well, creating a long-term demand climate, keeping abreast of the company's future development, maintaining the expected risk of “recommended” and the risk of less than expected, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Go is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Wu Jiantmt/College Research Manager.
M.A., University of Sydney, joined the Galactic Securities of China in 2019, mainly in computer/studies investment studies.