KIMshan Office (688111): Clouds are changing well, and KIMshan Office is the leading office software and service provider in the country.
The main products are wpsoffice office software, documents, etc.
A positive growth in revenue and a continuing high level of research and development inputs during the cloud transition period.
Long, but the net return on the parent is declining, mainly as a result of operating costs, management costs, and continuous investment in research and development. On the one hand, the first half of the year was influenced by factors such as the increase in the cost of upstream servers, which led to external resource collection debt and cross-equity presentations:
Purchase costs increase: on the other hand, the company is in a period of cloud transition, with an increase in both the number of people and the cost, and in order to meet the needs of its clients and to develop its products, the company has continued to invest in R & D, which in the first half of the year was about 644 million yuan, an increase of about 47 per cent over the same period, and the R & D input account for about 36 per cent.
In the first half of the year, companies took the initiative to restructure their income structure, actively promoted business model transformation, and individual-agency dual-subscription transitioned into an accelerated period, with subscriptions to the business process.
This represents an increase of 13.77 per cent; the number of cloud files uploaded by users through the public cloud exceeds 151.9 billion, an increase of 39.89 per cent in the same year; by the end of June, the cumulative number of individual users of annual fees amounted to 8.56 million, an increase of 30.53 per cent in the same year; the number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main products and the number of individual users of the fees increased in the first half of the year.)
Institutional subscriptions: RMB 280 million, an increase of 51.1 per cent over the same period; institutional authorization to switch subscriptions; 1838 new corporate clients on the company ' s digital office platform in the first half of the year; 51 per cent increase in revenue from the digital office platform (cloud products).
During the reporting period, the Department achieved $420 million, a 10.96 per cent reduction, in domestic institutional mandates, mainly affected by the letter-making process.
In the political sphere, the company’s digital office platform has landed in Guangdong, Guangxi, Hunan, Hubei, Zhejiang, Shandong, etc., and has had a demonstration effect: in the service sector, it captures the demand of its users for nationally produced office products, and not only the demands of its clients, but also the demands of its clients.
In the future, as the innovation industry deepens, companies are actively engaged in business layouts, and the penetration rate of their products is expected to advance, the digital economy is catalyzing cloud collaboration and firm corporate strategic direction. The country is strongly promoting the digital economy.
It is expected that the future cloud and collaboration landscape will continue to deepen as a result of the digital transformation of the enterprise, the trend towards a larger enterprise, and the acceptance of the cloud office, cloud and collaboration model during the epidemic.
Research assistant: Zhang Youngja, leader, determined cloud strategic direction and sustained progress, looking forward to corporate profitability projections and investment ratings in the context of the larger digital economy: successful corporate cloud transformation, continued over-expected business development, some
In view of industry opportunities in the context of the digital economy, we expect the company to make a net profit in 2022-2024, respectively, from the financial boom in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Kim Shan Office (688111): The cloud transformation is going well and the subscriptions are continuing to outpace Sun Qing.
A breakdown of track investment studies in high-profile industries, such as block chains, research assistant profiles, area-by-area in-depth studies.
Jang Youngja, Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, 2021, joined the Eung Xing Securities. In 2021, the Quantico Quantico Quantico was the researcher's opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.