Subsistence of a high-growth input plus, short-term rhythm disturbance of the long-term space South-West Securities Research and Development Centre to realize a net return profit of $520 million, a decline of 5.3 per cent in the same year, with company q2 earning revenue on a single quarter.
920 million yuan, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period; the net return to mothers of 270 million yuan, an increase of 11.4 per cent over the same year, is mainly due to the increase in the cost of external resource procurement and settlement costs, services costs due to the increased activity of payers and customers. On the cost side, the cost of sales, management, R & D costs of 2022h1 companies, respectively, is higher.
The company began to slow its growth in 2022, focusing on improving human effectiveness, and expected subsequent profits to be released gradually. In addition, the firm’s pace has accelerated, laying a solid foundation for subsequent performance releases.
• Business focus has been steadily adjusted, with two subscriptions maintaining a high increase. Corporate subscriptions (individuals and institutions) have together achieved 10.78 pp, with significant transformation gains. In particular, 1) individual subscriptions: 940 million yuan, an increase of 40.5 per cent over the same period. Companies have continued to optimize their functional services, increasing both monthly and paid users, for the reporting period.
The main domestic product Mau reached 570 million, an increase of 13.8 per cent over the same year; the cumulative number of individual users of annual payments amounted to 28.60 million, an increase of 30.5 per cent over the same year; the number of cloud files uploaded through the public cloud exceeded 151.9 billion, an increase of 39.9 per cent over the same year; and the number of multi-tunnel clouds and eco-synergic expansions was good.) Agency subscriptions: 280 million yuan.
The company actively promoted the transformation of institutional clients from authorized to subscriptions, with a strong product power based on digital equity, to the extent that the market for services at the party level, at the enterprise level and at the public cloud service market had been scaled up, with 1838 new service providers, and the labeling effect was gradually being established.
Large and medium-sized companies launch the Digital Office Platform Enterprise Version, which adds a low-code platform and api interfaces, and further increases prices against the commercial version, with potential users and arpu having greater scope for upgrading.
The same decline of 11.0%. In the first half of the year, bidding slowed down, owing to epidemics and external policies, and production-cpu, operating systems, etc., were matched by a 100% pass rate, with not only strong corporate client orders, but also successively competing demands for digital transformation of clients in finance, energy, telecommunications, etc.
With the continued expansion and deepening of the future IT industry, corporate product penetration is expected to increase further. As the sole leader of the national production office software, the company holds a good track, and will continue to benefit from dividends such as the deepening of IT and the clouding of co-location trends: at the same time, the company builds on the digital transformation needs of the b-side industry.
1. Kim Shan Office (688111): subscriptions to the cloudy and collaborative office product matrix, the productivity of the digital office platform has been gradually validated, the institutional subscriptions are expected to grow rapidly, and end-of-end subscription rates have the potential to be explored for subsequent growth
3. Office in Kansan (688111): authorization to + subscription to double-wheel drive pending release of subsequent profit (2021-08-27)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.