Gore shares published their semi-annual report for 2022: first half of 2022.
Income from the industry increased by 43.96 per cent over the same period by $3.332-433.2 million over the third quarter of the year, resulting in net return profit for the company
Intelligent hardware business has increased, with a high rate of profit growth in 22h1 battalion in the first half of 2022, with companies taking the lead against a backdrop of low consumer electronics industry, declining volumes of smartphones, and the recurrent impact of the epidemic on the supply chain.
The smart hardware business has grown rapidly and has become the backbone of the company's new business.
In terms of profitability, the company 22h1 achieved a restructuring of its sales products, a lower-than-percent collection of smart hardware business as a percentage of its upgrading agency,1 and a report from the Chinese Stock Exchange* of Gore shares.
In terms of costs, the company continuously strengthens its management of its operations, and 22h1 achieves sales/pipes (002241); q1 short-performance, smart and hard, 1.19 pct. In terms of R & D, the company has a long-term vision of the Xr track market prospects, sustained.
Increased development of new technologies, new products and new processes, with 22h1 R & D investments, and the Gore shares reported by the Chinese Securities* Corporation, which account for 4.75 per cent of operating income, amount to 2,072 million yuan.
(002241: q1 non-performance continues to increase, vr leads long-term growth* 202203330*q3 performance is steadily improving and smart hardware business continues to expand
The company expects to realize a net return profit of 1.754-2253 million yuan in the first quarter of 22q3, and the actual expansion of smart hardware operations is expected to increase profitability.
In the light of the lack of innovation in smart phones and the trend towards longer consumer cycles, the market for new and dynamic hardware products, which is represented by vr, smart wearables, smart home video games and accessories, maintains a steady growth trend.
2022q1 global Vr virtual real-life equipment delivery was approximately 3,563,000 units, an increase of about 241.6 per cent compared to the previous year.
For its part, the company works in depth with its global head brand clients, such as Meta, Pico, Apple, and will continue to benefit from its production in the future.
Improved performance and rapid release of products. vr/ar needs less than expected risk; tws headphones need less than expected risk; macro  Electronic group presentation
Mao Jianxing: Master of Materials, University of Kyotan, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global lead semiconductor vendor advanced process project, five years of commodity portfolio development experience, and employment in Liu Xin: Master of Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang University of Singapore, and formerly in the Chinese Qing Xin Xian Xian.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly due to, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.