: Supermedia (300413.sz) Mango SuperMedia 300413.sz, bought: content available
The dominant video-paying company has been successfully transformed into an integrated media operating platform for the major video-paying business, formerly a Happy Buyer, which bought Hunan Happiness in September 2017 by issuing shares.
Light Interactive Entertainment Media Ltd., Mango Recreation Technology Shanghai Ltd., Shanghai Leather Media Limited, Mango Film Culture Ltd. and Hunan Mango Entertainment Ltd. have a 100% stake in a major asset reorganization, a transformation of a new media platform operating company, renamed Mango SuperMemor.
The reorganised Mango super-media is affiliated to the online video industry, and according to its 2019 commitment, the net profit on the new media platform’s happy sunlight contribution is 83%. China’s video-paying industry has a huge potential for growth.
In 2018, China's online video industry will be about 125 billion in size, 578 million in civilian mobile viewers, and about 50% of advertising revenue and 30% of membership fee revenue, respectively. Over the next three years, it is estimated that the online video industry market will grow by about 20% annually.
The penetration rate is about 15%, with mangotv paying 8%, comparable to the overseas netflix rate of 46%, with much room for improvement. The backside is dominated by the content cost advantage of large shareholders’ happy sunlight.
Founded in May 2006, the only new media video platform operating under the flag of Hunantai, mainly involved in the construction and operation of a national news site, the Golden Eagle Network, and the subsequent integration of the Hunan network radio station and the launch of Mangotv as a video platform call sign, which has now become the top five integrated video services in the country.
One of the suppliers. The company’s core business will be the production and distribution, advertising, membership services and media retailing through the Tomango media and the Hunan Vigilance Platform, through Internet video, iptv and ott.
The company Mangotv, with its core, achieved the extension and expansion of the ip value chain through multi-industry matrices such as industrial chain control and ecological synergy, film, games, manipulators and news, by over 100 million yuan, an increase of 17.1 per cent and 18.5 per cent, respectively, and net profits of 1.270 billion yuan and 1.6 billion yuan, respectively, respectively.
In the broader context of media integration development, Mango supermedia completed a major reorganization of its assets at the end of June 2018, which became a unified platform for the new media industry and capital operation under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, which, together with the Hunan Vigilance, constitutes a two-platform-driven, media-wide integrated development pattern within the Mango landscape.
We recommend the extension and expansion of the ip value chain (300413.sz), with mangotv at its core, through multi-industry matrices such as industrial chain control and ecological synergy, film, games, manipulators and news, and we expect the company to achieve revenues of $11.310 billion and $13.402 billion, respectively, in 2019-2020, an increase of 17.1 per cent.
China’s video-paying industry has grown steadily, with no policy constraints, and the industry has not been caught in irrational competition. Unlike public perceptions, China’s video-paying rates and arpu values have risen steadily.
Industry content regulation risks, and video-multicultural investment returns are not as high as expected. Happiness pre-purchases, limited as pleasure purchases, were created on December 28, 2005 by HUNDAY and HUNN.
The group co-financed the creation of a $100 million registered capital. From April to May 2008, in an effort to smooth the equity relations of the Hunan Tai Division, the Hunan Palace transferred to the Hunan Broadcasting Company, which had a limited share of happy purchases of 85% of its shares free of charge, to the Hunan Broadcasting Group, which then injected the limited 100% of its share of happy purchases into its fully-owned subsidiary, the Golden Eagle Holdings.
Eagle Holdings was renamed Mango Media Ltd. on 15 March 2010. Happy purchase of Hunan Happy Sunshine Interactive Entertainment Media Ltd., Shanghai Mango Recreation Technology Ltd., Shanghai Play Media Ltd., Mango Film and Culture Ltd. and Hunan Mangang in September 2017.
In April 2018, the Mango Supermedia and its actual owner, Radio and Television Hunan, joined the Mongo SuperMechanist to recapitalize Maroon Cultural Creative Investment, with a 40% Mango Super and 60% Hunan Television.
The Mango super-media is a unified new media industry and capital operating platform under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, along with Hunan Watch.
The Mango Super-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Sun, Mango-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mulmun, Mango, Mango-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mulmun, Mango-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mulmul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul, and-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-A-A-Mul-A-A-A-A-A-M-M-M-Mul-M-M-M-M-M-Mul-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-M-M-M-M-M-M-M-Mul-M-M-M-M-M-
(ii) The strength of new mainstream media groups, such as philanthropy and artist economics. (ii) The main business comprises the company's main business, which has been expanded from retail to new media platforms, interactive content production in new media, and
Media retailing of the whole industry chain provides a solid basis for companies to continue to deepen media integration throughout the media era, creating unique media attributes and content genes. New media platforms operate the most in 2018 in terms of the composition of the main business, and represent total revenue.
(iii) The size of the video-paying market
According to Ye Eun consultancy data, the number of paid members in 2018 reached 230 million, an increase of 44 per cent over the same period, the size of Internet users grew by 6.7 per cent, the penetration rate rose from around 21 per cent in 2017 to 28 per cent in 2018, a 7 percentage point increase over the same period. At the end of 2017, the number of paid members in the country was about 160 million, with a penetration rate of around 160 million.
By the end of the quarter, we compare the number of members published by the current mobile end with monthly activity. According to the company's annual report, 2018, the number of members of the mainstream video site in the country was achieved.
With growth, the membership of Mangotv grew by 36% to 8.19 million in the third quarter of 2018, with a potential for development of about 8% of Mangotv in terms of penetration. Mango super-movement, after the M & A business, has a large share of net profit from happy sunlight performance, from
60% in 2017 to 87% in 2020, it can be seen that happy sunshine has contributed significantly to the net profit of mango excess. So we are mainly looking at the market prospects and benefits of happy sunlight, which is the only new media video platform operating under the flag of Hunan, established in May 2006, the main one.
The construction and operation of a national news site such as the Golden Eagle Network and the subsequent integration of the Hunan Network Radio Television and the launch of the Mangotv as a video platform call sign have now become one of the five main integrated video service providers in the country. (i) Relying on Hunantai, it is highly valued by the Mango media.
In 2018, the Mango media held a share of 84.1341 per cent of happy sunshine, with two subsidiaries, Holgos and Hong Kong Sun, under the banner of happy sunshine. (ii) Main business: operating income increased by 66 per cent over the same period, with membership business increasing by 114 per cent.
The happy sunshine business includes Internet video business, operator business, content operation business, and others. In 2018, Mango super-media video operators achieved a happy sun income of $5.607 billion, an increase of 66 per cent over the same period, of which revenues from advertising, membership business, operator business increased by 81 per cent, 114 per cent,
In the area of membership, the company has built the Mango Eco-membership system, which is based on user-centred planning from the four dimensions of brand design and management, brand derivatives, under-brand activities and brand unique interests, building a system of 1+9 super-energy members' rights, taking the lead in off-line races, actively engaging in off-line activities to achieve online,
A full-scale 3D of offline activity was established to improve the competitiveness of members ' products across the board and to achieve a high rate of increase in the number of user fees through strategies such as enhanced heterogeneity cooperation and co-location. In 2018, the average number of video users per day was 3,588 million, a 25 per cent increase: the number of video users at the end of the year.
In the advertising industry, companies optimized and innovated their ongoing advertising products, using content as a medium, continuously innovating products, integrating cards, creating a unique form of information flow advertising based on ai and user portraits, and transforming the impact of the programmes into brand names.
With regard to the operator ' s operations, which cover 31 provincial administrative regions across the country, with more than 130 million users, there has been steady growth in the operator ' s operations through strong content ip, sophisticated operational strategies and multi-dimensional product patterns.
(iii) Main business processes: Happy Sunshine Internet video operations are being mounted mainly through the autonomous Mangotv Internet video platform, which is aimed primarily at young user groups, and provides on-demand coverage of the Hunan Vigilance programme and simultaneous delivery of popular television shows,
Films, entertainment programmes, comics, music, etc., as well as some television stations and webcasts.
. As of 2018, the happy sunshine has completed the construction of the " one cloud, one screen" master platform, which connects the mpp, the ott multiple terminal entrances, the product line covers the web network, the wap network, the mpp client, the tttend, and continuously improves the user ' s experience.
Happy Sun procurement models include copyrights, bandwidth resources such as cdn, marketing resources and material purchases. In recent years, buyers have shown that happy Sunshine does not buy more than 50% of the current operating costs from a single supplier, and that there is no heavy reliance on a few suppliers.
In the context of the rising price of copyright in the media, happy sunshine, on the one hand, will receive funds to purchase the content of the head film, optimize the copyright base for happy sunshine, and expand the content of the platform: on the other hand, the sale of a film show with exclusive access to the information network will reduce the company's presence on a single site.
In the case of major customers, happy suns do not exist where sales to a single customer exceed 50% of total sales, and do not depend heavily on a small number of customers.
From 2015 to 2017, the Internet video business gradually shifted to the operator ' s business and content operations, but the number of users of the Happy Sunshine Internet video platform has grown rapidly. For registered users, in 2017, the number of new registered users was 62.987 on Mangotv mobile end-day and the number of new registered users was 7.493 on pc end-day; in 2015
By 2017, the total number of new registered users on the mangotv mobile end was 63.99 million, and the total number of new registered users on the pc end was 13.37 million.
The gtv Internet video business mppend averages 3005.1 million mau and duu 25.38 million, respectively; the mobile end averages 171.66 million and duu 15.79 million, respectively; the pc end averages mau and dau $3.33 million, respectively. For vv and uv, the daily averages for Mangotv Internet video business mpp end were uv in 2017.
In 2017, the average number of members of the Mangotv Internet video business mpp end was 2.53 million and the average number of members per day was 0.33 yuan per day: 380,000 and the average number of members per day was 0.55 yuan per day.
Happy Sun Internet video advertising can be divided into two categories: hard and wide, depending on the manner in which it is displayed. Of these, hard and wide is mainly based on cpm, i.e., the number of times that end users actually broadcast the ad, happy Sun root, a combination of hard and wide publication prices based on the platform ' s operating costs and price trends for similar Internet video platforms; soft and wide.
Depending on different forms of cooperation, such as name, partner, specified supplies or implantation, the price of a soft-broadcast is set by reference to the level of the broadcast, impact, etc. The main advertiser will post a variety of types of Internet video announcements on the Mangotv platform, usually opting to package the advertising resource package. Therefore, the final contract price of the advertising package is usually set together.
It is determined by consultation with both sides on the basis of the published prices, based on the historical turnover of advertising, the cost of advertising input, the price of equal-weight advertising, and market price trends. The happy Sunshine Internet video advertising business is dominated by sales through advertising agents, and the direct-person and agency models are based on the historical exchange price of advertising.
There are no major differences in advertising prices. There are no return points in advertising revenue under the direct-office mode, and there are return points in advertising revenue under the proxy mode: terminal advertisers advertise through advertising agents on the Mangotv platform, reaching the agreed level of advertising, and happy sunshine is subject to a contractual fee of between 5 and 25 per cent for agency services, which is at the same rate as the market level.
The growth in the size of Internet users has contributed to the expansion of the country’s Internet economy as a whole. There is much room for growth in the future, and the overall size of the Internet economy is expected to expand to $269.07 billion by 2019.
In December, the size of users of web-based videos and the rate of use of Internet users was 544.5 million and 74.5 per cent, respectively, and the mobile end became the main platform for the new media industry in each of the major applications (ii) with 499.87 million Internet-based video users in 2016, according to cnnic data.
This represents an increase of 94.79 million compared to the end of 2015, with a growth rate of 23.4 per cent, and a usage rate of 71.9 per cent for mobile video users in 2016, an increase of 6.5 percentage points compared to the end of 2015. The mobile end of the cell phone has an advantage in terms of the size of the Internet video user and household usage.
The rise of the industry will provide users with a better viewing experience and contribute to the development of the Internet video industry. (iii) The Internet video industry is becoming more diversified in its profit model.
The number of users paying for the frequency website reached 75 million, an increase of 241 per cent from the 22 million in 2015 and is projected to exceed 100 million in 2017. According to the Irene consultancy statistics, the share of advertising revenue was 54.9 per cent in 2016, and there was an explosive increase in user fee income in 2015 to 19.3 per cent in 2016.
(iv) Happy sunshine has a unique content advantage of “Mango exclusive + high-quality selection + homemade” in 2019.
Since its inception, happy sunshine has maintained a content-based victory, using Mango solo + High-quality selection + home-made as a basic strategy. In April 2014, the Happy Sun video site featured Flowers and Young People, launching the Mango solo strategy. In 2014, only 10% of Hunan Watch's own copyright content was shown, and in about six months, it was shown on its own.
Since 2015, all autonomous copyright programmes, including entertainment programmes representing China’s highest levels of entertainment and home-made theatre resources, have been filled with happy sunshine, which makes content access more competitive.
Based on years of entertainment genetics, happy sunshine teams have built up a high sensitivity to market demand and an in-depth understanding of the price of ip, with unique advantages in ip selection. In the area of home-made content, happy sunshine has been following a “precision-making” strategy, combining its own recreational genes with Internet genes, and is now fully developed.
The content production team and system have created such fine home-made programs as Perfect Holidays, Big Star Detectives, Super Woman 2016, and so on. In the first half of 2017, Star Big Detective 2 was singled out for 2 billion-dollar performances, and the new re-enactment program, The Transformer, has been on top of the network since its launch.
Happy sunshine is pre-empted by “mango solo”, driven by “good self-made” and expanded by “quality selection”, with the troika moving in tandem, which has created a continuing competitive advantage at the content acquisition end.
In the broader context of media integration development, Mango supermedia completed a major reorganization of its assets at the end of June 2018, which became a unified platform for the new media industry and capital operation under the banner of Radio and Television Hunan, which, together with the Hunan Vigilance, constitutes a two-platform-driven, media-wide integrated development pattern within the Mango landscape.
We recommend the extension and expansion of the ip value chain (300413.sz), with mangotv at its core, through multi-industry matrices such as industrial chain control and ecological synergy, film, games, manipulators and news, and we expect the company to achieve revenues of $11.310 billion and $13.402 billion, respectively, in 2019-2020, an increase of 17.1 per cent.
Chen Xiaotian, in 2016, joined the network security and is currently the head of the Media Internet team. Certificate number: s030051609001.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.