The core mangotv camp registered an 80 per cent increase, and members and advertising are expected to continue to perform well.
Mango entertainment, mango visions, and entertainment media have exceeded their performance commitments.
The number of video users reached 10,750,000, an increase of 138%. The size of advertising, membership, and Internet video payments exceeded 35 billion yuan, and the number of members was expected to break 300 million in 2019, according to the China Internet Development Statistics Report, by the end of 2018.
There are 829 million Internet video users, of whom 590 million are users. Users pay for video content, and consumption habits are beginning to mature, with domestic video payments exceeding 35 billion in 2018, increasing by 60%, and growing in space.
• Keep an eye on corporate excellence and platform performance, maintain a “highly recommended” rating, take into account the increasing competition in the video industry, the gradual erosion of the flow dividend and the rationalization of the content market, which will lead to slower growth of company-related video-related business, and lower the Mango super-movement 2019-2021 camp
An 80% increase in the number of paid members of the Mango tv, with a difference of receipts of 11,656 million yuan (-21.53 million yuan), 13.58 billion yuan (-3191 million yuan) and 15,893 million yuan, respectively, compared with the same increase of 90% over the same year in the first half of the year, Mango tv
Business data continues to go well” 2018-08-30 Headlines and platform operating advantages, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.1 The company's performance increased by 20 per cent in 2018 and Mangotv's business grew high
In 2018, the company achieved an operating income of RMB 9.660 billion, an increase of 16.80 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the public shareholder of the listed company was RMB 865 million, an increase of 21.03 per cent in the same year. The first quarterly report of 2019 showed that the company achieved operating income of RMB 2,485 million, an increase of 2.10 per cent in the same year; and the net profit of the parent was RMB 418 million, an increase of 23.99 per cent in the same year.
The Internet video business, with mangotv at its core, is one of the company's most important major business. During the reporting period, the company built on its unique content strategy of “skill self-made + mango exclusive + high-quality selection” and continuously consolidated the platform's “young, urban, female” user positioning and innovative advertising product system, creating a strong synergy between content-driven platforms.
The creation of a multi-dimensional platform brand premium model has continued to drive the rapid growth of membership, advertising, and operator business under the Internet video business section. The company's Internet video operator, Happy Sunshine, now earns $5.607 billion, an increase of 66% over the same period.
Two or five acquisition companies have completed their performance commitments. Five acquisition companies during the reporting period: Happy Sun, Mango Recreation, Mango Recreation, Mango Shadows, Daily Recreation Media in 2018, 679.4578 million yuan, 74.51 million yuan, 50.07.81 million yuan, etc.
The five companies whose assets were subject to reorganization have successfully met their performance commitments, of which 5606 million won, with a net profit of 709 million yuan and a completion rate of 104.49 per cent; 168 million yuan, with a net profit of 52,589,000 yuan, with a completion rate of 101,71 per cent; and the recreational media.
Billion yuan, net profit of $5.39 million, or a completion rate of 107.47 per cent; mango entertainment revenue of $732 million, net profit, 5 companies net profit and completion rate in 20183 and Internet video business revenue growth of more than 80 per cent, with a full head content production capacity
In sub-operations, the company ' s new media platform was operating at $4,179 million in 2018, an increase of 78.33 per cent over the same period; the new media interactive content production business at $3,248 million, an increase of 11.88 per cent over the same period; and the media retailing industry at $1.99 billion, a decrease of 29.74 per cent over the same period.
In Mangotv's core Internet business, the growth in membership and advertising income is most pronounced and is the main expression of performance. In membership business, Mangotv creates a system of “1+9” super-energy membership rights that enhances the competitiveness of its members' products in a comprehensive manner and pays for them through strategies such as enhanced heterogeneity cooperation and peer-to-peer collaboration.
In advertising, companies use content as a medium, constantly innovating branding, building a system based on i and i.
A unique form of information flow advertising for user portraits, transforming programme impact into branding power, with Mangotv becoming the preferred candidate for a large number of advertisers. The number of advertising brands placed on the platform throughout 2018 was 324, an increase of 155 per cent over the same period.
In terms of content production, the company built on the unique blood-building mechanism and open, innovative talent incentives of “project-based teams, team-based projects” to create a production-level industry leader and self-employed people.
In 2018, the city of Mangotv took the lead in the production of content for more than 1,500 people. In the top 10 entertainment shows, Mangotv (including the Human Guard) took four, and in the top 20, nine, close to half a wall.
With regard to the production of video dramas, the company has brought together a pool of high-quality production resources in the market, has a well-developed project planning system, and is constantly storing high-quality content resources, such as ip, which has created the capacity to integrate the entire industry of the country’s leading film and television drama.
The audience and the number of players in the market, such as "A Young Star Gardens, Like Us" and the Mangotv platform, has accumulated 5.51 billion hits, making it a summer-end payment in 2018. In the case of entertainers, the company has formed a top artist + a central artist + a newcomer-rich artist ladder.
The company’s wholly-owned entertainment media, published in 2018, ranked first in the list of listed company entertainers in 2017, with 257 million performers.
Owing to a number of factors, such as changes in the television shopping industry and the restructuring of operations, there has been a significant decline in the income and profits of the media retail section, with operating income of $1.99 billion, a 29.74 per cent decline over the reporting period, and a net profit loss of $70.73 million, which has reduced the overall profit growth rate for listed companies.
4. The company ' s Māori rate is stable, with sales costs increasing by more than 50 per cent in 2018, with a combined Māori rate of 37.04 per cent. By branch of business, the new media platform operates Māori. Māori operators run 62.47 per cent of Māori business, an increase of 1.2 per cent over the same period.
On the cost side, corporate sales costs of $1,801 million, an increase of 52.59 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the corresponding increase in promotional and advertising agent fees in line with the increase in the volume of programming and advertising revenues, as well as the increase in incentives for marketing and promotion teams; and management costs of $461 million, an increase of 25.53 per cent over the same period, mainly due to human resource inputs and depreciation.
The size of the Internet video bill exceeds 35 billion yuan, and the number of members is expected to break 300 million, according to the 43rd State of the Internet Development Statistics Report of the China Internet Information Centre, the total number of Internet users in China by the end of 2018 was 829 million, of which 590 million, or 590 million, were Internet video users.
The consumption habit of users paying for video content began to mature, with domestic video payments exceeding 35 billion in 2018, leading the entertainment content consumption market at 63 per cent speed, and Internet video payments, which still have a huge potential for growth.
According to the China Video Content Pay Industry Watch, published by Yee-eun Consulting, the total number of video members in China exceeded 230 million by the end of 2018, and this number is expected to break 300 million by 2019. In terms of industry patterns, online video companies compete from “quantity” to “quantitative” and Internet video industry.
On the domestic front, the Internet video industry has a three-pronged and multi-tier pattern of high-speed competition in the form of Mangotv, Beep, etc. However, the overall income growth in the advertising of the online video industry + member profit model continues to be difficult to fully cover the huge input of copyright bandwidth, and most video platforms are still losing.
With the growing maturity of industry ecology, user markets and regulatory policies, and the continued diversion of attention from the emerging short video industry to target audiences, the Internet video industry has moved into the second half of the development and competition landscape, with traffic-only and scale theories turning to the "quantity" to "quality" as the overall trend in industry development, with differences and variations.
Colouring, segmenting, and automating have become new paths to competition, focusing on a two-way balance between inputs and output, and a re-establishment of a virtuous, sustainable business model and industrial development logic has gradually become a new industry-wide consensus. Mangotv has become a unique and differentiated development path for itself as it evolves.
This strategy is effective in taking over the high-quality user resources of the Hunan Conservatory, and, through the “precision self-made” content, the orientation of young, urban and female platform users, covers the high viscosity markets of young people, cities and women, and guarantees a high degree of alignment from a well-defined user group, accurate content products, to advertising customers.
A significant preference for videos, photographs, fashion, cartoons, etc., allows advertisers to be more accurate in selecting channels for advertising and to get a brand premium return that is higher than the flow pattern. Mangotv differs in its competitive advantage.
In terms of regulation, regulation has been strengthened and regulation of cyberspace has become a trend in industry. In 2018, the content audit standards have converged across the board, and the scandals of star performers are gradually being regulated. In terms of video content, the overall rise of Internet video platforms has accelerated the procession.
The market for the arts has diversified and has generated new trends in the industry, such as the accelerated migration of young users and the further segmentation of web-based art types. Internet video platforms have become more rational and cautious in their input into video content, market producers have become more concentrated and head-to-head trends will be accelerated, and quality + innovation + fine + conglomerate have not developed into the film-vision industry.
In the future, the production of content, as represented by the amphibious arts and cinematography, will continue to face the combined effects of policy, economic, industrial and other factors, with increased competition and integration.
In 2019, the company will continue to insist on content-making, building content-making groups, promoting creative personalization, process standardization, system ecology, and industrialization of content production.
The production system, which forms a 3-dimensionally differentiated ip matrix, further builds the eco-protective river. From the first quarter of 2019, the company launched the second quarter of the wife's romantic journey, the second season of daughters' love, and the fourth quarter of star detectives.
The content production capacity is being strengthened, mango fan glue is being strengthened, and eco-based membership systems are being built. Mango tv, a core mango super-magogic business, has great potential for growth in membership, compared to the three main video sites, the Mango tv meeting.
In 2019, one of the company's major tasks was to strengthen the members' parlour, fine-tuning, socialization, driven by “precision and self-production” in order to customize rights and technological innovations to enhance members' viscousness and create vertical, stereo, ecological membership.
By the end of the first quarter of the year, the number of paid members of the company reached 13.31 million, an increase of more than 3 million from the end of 2018, indicating that it is strong, accelerating the pace of its voyage out of the sea and opening up its international operations. The company will insist on “lending the ship out of the sea” and “building the ship out of the sea” and, by doing large and powerful Mangotv international editions, will work in depth with the international media to expand markets and platforms abroad.
From the second half of 2018 to the first quarter of 2019, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America and the United States of America.
We have adjusted the company ' s profit projections, mainly because in recent years there has been less than expected growth in content production and media retailing as a result of tighter censorship of video content and poor economic conditions, but the company ' s new media platform (1), Internet video business: Mango super-movement as Chinese video content leader, content advantage
Clearly, the leader is strong and the company’s business is expected to grow steadily and faster. The company’s business is expected to grow steadily in 2019-2021 (2), the content production business: as content competition increases, the price of head content may rise in the future, and the mango super-motivists focus on the creation of a fine play, and future profits are expected to improve. The growth rate is expected to be 20% in 2019-2021.
Given the increasing competition in the video industry, the gradual erosion of the flow dividend and the rationalization of the content market, this will lead to a slowdown in the growth of the company ' s video-related business, with a downward adjustment of the Mango super-movement from 2019 to 2021, respectively, increasing competition in the 1st sector. The video industry is now more competitive, with Mangotv ' s industrial layout and fees.