\triangleright \triangleright production costs have continued to fall and single-headed profits have been lost. 2023q3 pig farming operations
\triangleright makes a profit with greater cost control. According to our calculations, 2023q3 produces pigs at a total cost of about $14.5/kg, which is a marked decline from 20.22q2 at $15.0/kg, head.
\triangleright, year-on-year +15.8%; company weaning pig cost around $300/head, total survival rate over 87%, py over 28, fertilizer ratio slightly over 2.8, and growing weight over 800g
In addition, the company’s cash flow reserves are safe, stable, and the financial structure is constantly improving. The balance of money in the first three quarters of 2023 is 15.76 billion yuan.
\triangleright rarely discloses a two-degree plan to increase ownership of the company ' s controlling shareholders and the actual controlling persons, Mr. Qin Yinglin and Ms. Chan Jin, 1. Shinhara shares (002714.sh) reported in mid-2023.
Mr. Qin Shinohara, some directors, supervisors, senior managers and core managers, technical and operational staff, assessed that efficiency gains continued to increase, and that industrial alliances were seen in scale - including - to demonstrate confidence in the future development of the company and recognition of the value of long-term investments.
Quarterly review in 023: 100 billion in 2022, \triangleright farming costs are manageable - 2023/04/29
3. The first coverage report (002714.sz) of the Shenwon shares: Wang, the elimination of sows and piglets, with low prices and low innovation, shows that the industry is expected to turn to pessimism, and that the potential for degenerativeization is expected to increase, with the reduction of efficiency at its core, and to be brilliant in the face of the tide.
Quick, positive, second-morrow pig prices. The company, as the country's leader in pig-breeding, has a one-headed profit advantage, and is expected to increase its profits in the future by maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.