Makahara shares (002714); 3rd November 2023
The agro-industrialization of commodity pig-breeding, slaughter-processing, farming costs have continued to increase, making profits in the first three quarters of the year alone. Combined sales by companies in the first three quarters of 2023.
Some 47.09 million pigs and 1.1 billion yuan lost in farm plots; of these, 167.45 million were born in the third quarter; one of the large-scale, integrated pig-breeding enterprises that raised themselves, and the first three quarters also generated about $1.4 billion in farm plots. The average cost of farming in companies was $15/kg, compared to the average cost of farming in the first three quarters.
At the end of last year, it fell by 0.5 yuan/kq, further down to $14.7/kq in September. The market price for q3 pigs has recovered, the company’s cost advantages have been increasing, and the company’s breeding plates have been profitable for a single quarter.
In the future, the Division will also continue to reduce costs through sustained optimization in production management, efficiency gains in disease control, formula material adjustment, and farming, with the company’s annual average cost target below $14/kg for the year. We believe that the company’s core cost advantage will help companies sustain industry excess gains.
In the slaughter business, there will be a gradual improvement in the industry. In the slaughtering business, the company made a debt and cross-stocking presentation in the last three quarters of 23 years: 9.1309 million pigs were slaughtered, generating business income of $15,522 million and losses of $600 million, with a loss on the head.
At about $60, the losses were significantly reduced compared to the previous year’s average of $100. The company is now building a production slaughter, which will increase the profitability of the slaughter plate. In addition, the slaughter plate, which is an important link in the chain of aquaculture, can also provide feedback on market demand and changes in behavior, in addition to the business itself.
Cash flows are strong, institutional innovations and executives increase their support for long-term growth. Companies operate robustly, cash flows are 52 weeks of stock price range ($)
The company’s recent announcement that senior executives and core staff have increased the company’s stockholdings demonstrates long-term development confidence. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we value the company’s continuous integrity and cost advantage.
Total equity/flowa shares (in thousands of shares). This year's average annual prices for pig farming are lower than in the cycle, and, as post-market capacity shrinks and spreads, the values are 268, 13 and 6 times higher, respectively, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}It's a source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Shinwon shares (002714); three-quarter losses and cost gains continue to grow.
Xingxim, breeding, feed, pet food, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.