Shenwon shares (002714) q3 for profit, good management cycle 27 October 2023
In the first three quarters of the year, the company achieved $82,269 million in operating income, an increase of 2.72 per cent, and a quarterly swing loss. In January-September, the company produced 47,090 million pigs, an increase of 3.9 per cent, of which 2,6744,000 were born in the first quarter of 23q3, an increase of 20.1 per cent.
In our view, the company as a whole is moving ahead in an orderly manner, and it is expected to accomplish the goal this year. Good management through the cycle, good management, and high cost are central to the company through the cycle.
The average profit - $278.89/head, q3 - average profit of $147.67/head. And the company q3 has made quarterly profits and is expected to fall below $14.5/kg by the end of the year. Behind the cost advantage is the company’s excellent manager.
1) Operationally, companies continue to produce efficiency and efficiency through disease purification, feed formulations, factor efficiency management, etc. 2) In management, companies focus on the exploration of management models and overlaps, introducing co-sharing incentives to enable capable employees to raise more pigs, raise more pigs, expand one line of authority, go to
Peng Hae-lan's swinging clocks are expected to yield dividends.
The pressure to operate in the pig industry lasts longer. According to our calculations, the supply of pork in the industry in the next few months is still more abundant, and it may be difficult to say how strong it is. If the industry does not make a significant return, adding winter disease is more difficult to control, the incentives for active and passive production reduction are present, and the industry is expected to slow down.
We believe that herd shares have achieved phased gains with excellent farm management and cost advantages, and have improved in terms of financial pressure.
The company has taken the lead in the cycle of pressure, with herding shares being the leader of pig-breeding. The ability to manage the ground shapes the company’s core competition, and the cost of dominant farming supports the company’s cycle and reaps dividends. We expect the company to be 2023-
The company’s investment rating is as follows:
This report has been prepared by China Air Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent, issued, issued, or sent for any purpose.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.