Business performance has been significantly repaired in the second quarter, with an increase in published prices expected to drive performance growth in the second half of the year Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Companies issue annual performance forecasts for 2023 months, and 22h1 is expected to achieve net return profits
941 million yuan, an increase of 1.34 per cent over the same period; 23q2 company is expected to achieve a net profit return — building advertising business: advertising owners are warming their demand, fast-dischargers are still the driving force. 2302 was driven by 51,618, electricity suppliers were more intensive and advertising markets were restored.
In January-May of the year, advertising on elevator lcd increased by 21 per cent, 19 per cent, 11.2 per cent, 20.9 per cent, and 37 per cent, q2, the rate of advertising spending has increased significantly since then.ctr data show that food beverages, food beverages in the top list of advertising markets, January-May 2023
The fast-track consumer goods industry, such as alcoholic drinks, cosmetics/baskets, is still the main source of investment, with a sustained increase in investment. Of this, the beverage industry has increased by 9.0% over the same year, with increases in advertising channels such as elevator scenes, cinema videos, and so on, with cinema video advertising spending increasing by three times the same year.
Bits; 45.9% increase in advertising in the cosmetics/baskets industry compared to the same year, with a significant increase in the use of multiple outdoor advertising channels, such as elevator scenes, street facilities, etc. Consumer goods are the company’s first largest advertiser, contributing 52% of total revenue in 22 years.
The larger number of marketing festivals, including summer seasons, start-up seasons, 99 wine festivals and so on, is expected to boost the growth of new consumption, while marketing advertising has increased.
Refurbishment — Industry review: The film plate is steadily being repaired, 83% before the summer epidemic. The total number of tickets in the first half of 2023 was 26,270 million, up from 2022.
Industry Review: Game Industry Review: 52.9 per cent Director of the Purple Sky Division; 604 million viewers, 51.8 per cent more than the previous year; 62676,000 screenings, Teai games released, leisure games combined with al-Ai
21.7% over the same period) • Corporate depth: Shanghai Films: Probability of 23h2 films is available, and Topper data predicts that the total studio of the film is expected to outperform in the second half of the year.
30 billion, with 57 billion in the year ahead. The popular films that will be shown in the second half of the year include The First Seal of July, The Eight Point Cage, The Hot, The Trail 7: Deadly Liquidation, August, The Great Tooth Shark 2: Deep Deep, The Lonely Rock, The Winter, etc.
Company review: Sting: 23q1 game out of the sea, former army: male soldiers in action, etc. As of 2301, there were 1,680 corporate cinemas, covering about 12,000 cinemas.
Company review: Fast-trackers: 23q1 full income and 274 city viewers.
It is expected that it will be warmed up as a result of the significant renovations of the film series.
1) Number of dots: The number of dots has increased steadily and the dot structure has continued to optimize
Tables (1.7 per cent increase in ring ratio), of which about 8.33 million self-employed equipment (1.8 per cent increase in ring ratio) and about 50,000 in union equipment (no change in ring ratio). The locational structure of self-employed equipment continued to be optimized, with 2110,000 in first-line cities (1.4 per cent increase in ring ratio) and 458,000 in second-line cities (ring)
Ten thousand (0.3% ring) of which about 15.25 million self-employed equipment (0.4% ring) and 302,000 participating equipment (0.4% ring) have been phased out. Self-employed equipment has continued to phase out offset points, reaching 411,000 (no change in ring) and 909,000 (ring) in two-line cities.
On July 9, the company indicated on an interactive platform that the elevator television media, elevator poster media, elevator smart screens were published in three media outlets.
As a result of the relative rigidity of rental costs, the second half of the year was marked by an increase of 10% in the price of publications and the continued optimization of the location structure.
On July 11, at the interactive platform, the company stated that the marketing puncture model had been deployed and was undergoing continuous fine-tuning and refinement. The company had been empowered to create/strategy optimized data analysis for advertising based on uniquely high-quality data sets and sound manual tagging.
In the context of the warmth of advertising demand and the increase in the prices of publications, we expect companies to maintain macroeconomic pressure; demand for advertising to recover as much as expected; increased competition in the industry; Internet companies, financial and industrial complexes, which are good at combining industry and investment perspectives for seller research.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.