The mass media (002027.sz) have continued to improve revenue and profits, and point resources have returned to growth.
Income and net profits have continued to improve. 1) During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $5.517 billion, the return to the mother net profit of $2,231 million (close to the ceiling of the performance forecast), an increase of 14 per cent and 59 per cent, respectively, compared to the pers0.15; 2) in the single quarter, the q2 company achieved operating income of $2,942 million.
3) Significant improvements in the company ' s performance in the first half of the year and in q2 result from a low base last year, and higher profit elasticity resulting from improved revenue in a context of relative cost stability (good performance of the media in the first half of the year, a return to cinema advertising, and a return to growth in spot-based resources).
5133 million yuan, representing 93 per cent of revenue, 15.2 per cent of income and a recovery from 15.2 per cent of income, and an increase in the Māori rate (536) in the building media, as a result of improvements at the end of the revenue spectrum
(ct) 2) cinema media operations achieved $376 million, a decline of 3.8 per cent in the same year and an income ratio of 6.8 per cent; following up, as the demand for viewing recovered, cinema media rehabilitation became sustainable; and media funding resumed to increase, with the number of elevator television outlets reaching 944,000 and electricity as of 31 July
The number of poster media amounted to 1,878,000, an increase of 8.8 per cent and 4.9 per cent, respectively, compared with the end of the previous year; consumer goods, recreation and leisure, improved demand for transport-type customers, digitalization and technological development of the ai were expected to enhance the company ' s ability to operate.
Clients, with 57.18 per cent revenue contribution, 32.5 per cent increase in the same year; recreation and recreation, transport and the networking of most screens; and company marketing giant models, 002027.sz - Improved external environment, promising a recovery in demand for advertising, have been deployed
Divisional media (002027.sz) - Performance is declining and attention is paid to changes in external factors. Divisional media (002027.sz) - External environment suppresses performance, attention is paid to investment proposals for the second half of the year: advertising demand is expected to be released gradually, companies are well positioned to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Divisional Media (002027.sz) - The epidemic led to a significant decline in performance, and focused on recovery, and we maintained a profit scenario, with net profit returns expected in 2023-25, respectively. Divisional Media (002027.sz) - Stemming short-term performance of the epidemic, focusing on long-term competitions
Large-scale media platforms with significant location advantages, i.e. technology is expected to boost the company’s performance and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Revenue and net profits continue to improve. 1) Companies achieved operating revenues of $5.517 billion in the first half of the year.
2.231 billion yuan (close to the performance forecast ceiling), an increase of 15 per cent and 59 per cent, respectively, corresponding to eps0.15; 2) q2 companies have achieved operating income of 2,942 million yuan and net profit return to their mothers of 1,290 million yuan in a single quarter, corresponding to an increase of 53.8 per cent and 171.8 per cent, corresponding to eps0.09, respectively; 3) the company's performance has changed significantly in the first half of the year and q2
Good news, on the one hand, is due to the low base of last year, while on the other hand, the improvement in revenue in the context of relative cost stability has resulted in a good recovery of billions of yuan, representing 93 per cent of income and 15.2 per cent of income growth in the same year; and, on the other hand, the improvement in income-side and the increase in the Māori rate of media (5.36 pts); and on the other hand, the increase in cinema media revenue of 376 million yuan.
(a) The decline of 3.8 per cent and the increase in income of 6.8 per cent; following up, with the recovery in visual demand, cinema media rehabilitation became sustainable;
The demand for consumer goods, recreation and leisure and transportation has improved. 1) The consumer goods continue to be the largest consumer in the world, with 57.18 per cent of income and 32.5 per cent of income; the recreational, transport and leisure sectors have increased by 28.89 per cent and 28.63 per cent, respectively; and the Internet and real estate customers have contracted significantly.
Digitalization and the development of the ai technology are expected to enhance the company’s ability to operate. In terms of digitization, clouds are now online, and most of the screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available. At the same time, companies are working with platforms such as Skycats, depending on the building, building, building, building, building, building, building, building, and building.
Consumers in the community have different consumer consumer needs and brand preferences, continue to help clients to achieve accurate and efficient investment, and effectively promote synergy of effect, significantly increasing sales conversion rates and becoming important underline flow portals. On the one side, large models of company marketing traps have been deployed and are continuously fine-tuned and iterative.
This one-size-fits-all industry solution will greatly enrich itself in advertising creative creation, advertising strategy development, advertising placement.
Optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., combines a wide range of capabilities, thus empowering more advertising owners. Investment proposals suggest that we maintain a profit-making expectation that the net return on profits is expected to be significant in 2023-25, and that ai technology is expected to boost the efficiency of the company’s operations and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject