2023q2 performance forecast: strong second-quarter performance recovery, with three-quarter price increases leading to sustained repair q2 performance performance and optimism in the second half of the year: corporate performance in the first half of the year
Good, apart from the over-expected rehabilitation of q1, 1) 5 outs have recovered significantly, the tourism industry has led to a rapid recovery in the various industries concerned, which has led to increased marketing advertising by brands; 2) 6.18 is relatively saturated this year, with significant increases in core competitiveness after the outbreak.
Strong, as the top-quality online advertising medium, the online advertising market has recovered first. The domestic overseas market will be experiencing a bit of expansion, with spot expansion and the re-establishment of the publishing rate leading to an increase in corporate media prices: with the recovery of the post-influx economy, the mass media will be divided into the domestic dots in 2023.
The saturation rate also provides a strong support for the media to raise prices. Thus, the company’s elevator television network, elevator posters, elevator smart screens, and all three media outlets have seen their prices increase by 10% since July 2023. The cost of single screens is expected to be stable in the future, and the company’s business will continue to be available.
The technological layout of the ai contributes to the development of the business and the climate, and in the process of restoring the company ' s performance, its Media Division (002027): the 2022 newspaper has been able to maintain a bright performance during the three or four quarters of the season, and the 23 years of its performance have been a turning point for investment.
And 2023q1 points: those who collect the profits will expect annualized data through monthly and quarterly recovery. Their valuations are still high elastic in the context of the expected continued recovery in performance.
It is expected that a strong recovery will take place in the future. A large model company has discussed it. A diverse overseas business team has been applied to day-to-day work, and a domestic business team is considering deployment.
Distributive Media (002027): 2022 News Channel, which can feed advertising methods, correct and erroneous cases to one, so that he can help his employees.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on a sustained recovery in company performance and a growing competitiveness of the company's nuclear core after the outbreak, we maintain the previous profit forecast for 2023-2025.
Three major financial forecasting tables in the public media. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.