The performance of 2023q2 was rated as consistently expanding, with consumption on 11 August 2023.
Consumer goods for daily use remain the first customer with a further increase in their share, and transport and recreational activities continue to improve: 2023h1, in the context of ladders, companies generate $5,133 million in revenue, which rises with the same year.
At the same time, traffic and recreation are showing improvement, with 23H1 and the same rate of increase of $1 billion, a decline of 3.80 per cent in the same year. The main line of cinema and cinema is slowly being repaired at h1, while the high-predicted fire in the house is expected to generate an increase in O3 performance.
As of July 31, the number of companies has grown by about 5% over the same period, in line with the expectations of the company. The elevator television media has risen by 8.8% over the same period.
The elevator poster media rose by 3.1 per cent over the same period, and there was a steady expansion in the overseas market, with the elevators, 12.1 per cent over the same period, the elevator poster media, 13.7 per cent over the same period, and a steady spot, which provided a strong support for the media to raise prices.
The price of the elevator smart screens has increased by 10% since July 2023 for each of the three media outlets. The cost of single screens is expected to be more stable in the future, and the company’s business will continue to be more leveraged.
Performance forecast: strong performance in the second quarter Deployment of a large marketing model to help divide business development and climate: aigc technology with a high level of attention, marketing model has now been deployed, and overseas operations teams have become ai
In turn, the three-quarterly price increases will drive holdings to be used in everyday work. The crowd-based ability of ai marketing will continue to enrich its ability to combine advertising creativity, strategy development, investment optimization, data analysis, etc.
In addition, it will make it possible to increase productivity even more efficiently. In addition, it will make it possible for the Internet to be connected.
And 2023 q1 rating: high profit recovery expected, a strong recovery in the future.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on a sustained recovery in company performance and the growing competitiveness of the company ' s nuclear mind after the outbreak, we maintain the previous profit forecast of 2023-2025, ps. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., which, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.