Trailer continues the trend, 23h1 performance rebounds strongly, and the media report (002027) shows up on the 10th of August 2023.
The economy is well on track, with a 5.5 per cent increase in total production, confidence in the advertising market, and a gradual recovery in demand for advertising. Ctr reports that domestic advertising costs have risen by 4.8 per cent over the same period.
The company, as the leading media company in the building, recovered its revenue, managed its internal costs effectively, managed its management costs reduced, and the benefits of co-opting profits recovered and recovered as a whole.
The escalator continues its trend, and the advertising industry has a strong demand. The company has built up the largest city in the country, the staircase continues its trend, with 23q1 rebounds, and the life cycle media platform, covering about 300 cities on the mainland by the end of the first half of the year.
q1 has short-term performance pressure on 70 major overseas cities, including the city, the Hong Kong Administrative Region, and Indonesia, and South Korea.
With 892,000 elevator televisions (yoy+11.22%), 1547,000 self-employed elevator poster media (yoy+0.52%), the escalators have maintained their general expansionary trend and strong leadership positions. The companies have been actively and methodically increasing their outreach to high-quality resource points, both within and outside the country, further optimizing the coverage of corporate media resources.
As the economy improves, consumption returns below the line, cinema operations improve, demand in advertising hot spots such as the Internet, new consumption, transportation, etc. will continue to grow, and demand from advertisers will grow.
Digitalization and intelligent marketing have significant advantages, and the layout of a one-way industry solution. In recent years, companies have continued to upgrade their digital and intelligent marketing capabilities, and have now achieved cloud-based online delivery.
In addition, a large proportion of the screens are networked, and remote online monitor screens are available. At the time of the S02700520050001, the company continued to test its data analysis capabilities to help its clients achieve accurate and efficient delivery.
The company has also completed the marketing of the big model, and is committed to the development of a new, one-driven industry solution, which will greatly enrich itself.
In terms of a multi-faceted combination of advertising creativity generation, advertising strategy development, advertising promotion optimization, advertising data analysis, etc., thus empowering more advertisers. Profit predictions and investment proposals: based on corporate performance reporting and business layout, with 23 years of macro-level
The economy and consumption are gradually recovering, the demand for multi-channel advertising is rising, such as the escalators, and corporate revenue will result in risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, policy regulatory risks, emerging media diversion advertisers are calculating risks, and advertising market demand uncertainty risks.