Media (002027.sz) Middle 2023 Reported: Māori and Profit Rates with Piti Distributed Media
In the second half of the year, it was relatively profitable. In the second half of the year, the public media released a report in mid-2023: the company earned $5,517 million (oy + 13.7 per cent) in the first half of the year and the mother ' s net profit was $2,231 million (yoy + 59.0 per cent); in the second quarter, the company achieved a business start-up.
The mass media have built up the country’s largest urban life media outlets, which account for 2,942 million yuan (yoy+53.8%) and a net profit of 1,290 million yuan (yoy+171.7%) from mothers.
Development and operation of building media (including elevator television media and elevator poster media), cinema screens, advertising media and terminal sales media, etc., covering the urban mainstream
The consumer goods industry is recovering significantly, and the media will continue to grow faster in the second half of the year. In the first half of 2023, the consumer community was able to integrate the work, living, entertainment and consumption scenes into the community media network.
Millions of yuan (yoy+15.2%); 376 million yuan (yoy-3.8%) in cinema media. Corporate revenue grew faster in the first half of the year, benefiting mainly from domestic economic rehabilitation.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: (a) technology companies or increased marketing inputs to drive faster growth in the company ' s media operations, with a profit rate of 40.4 per cent and an increase of 11.5 percentage points in the same year. (2) In the second quarter of the period, the company ' s operating costs were increased.
As can be seen, the recovery in corporate ownership income has led to a rise in both Māori and profit rates to past normal levels, and sales rates have remained stable and management rates have been further optimized. Looking ahead, the company’s main business will be protected in the second half of the year, at the end of the month, the total number of company elevator television and media equipment will be about 944,000, compared with the number of points raised at the end of 2022.
8.8 per cent higher, of which approximately 12.0 million media equipment from offshore affiliates, an increase of 13,000 compared to the end of last year; an overall increase of 3.1 per cent in the number of points by the end of 2022 in the number of elevator poster media equipment; 1827 cinema media-contracted cinemas, 13,000 cinemas, compared with the film media at the end of March 2023
Looking ahead, companies continue to expand their efforts to expand high-quality resource points, both within and outside the country, and to expand their media leadership in the corporate world. The investment proposal is that the company captures the bottom line of the “building elevator” and has a strong brand detonation capability.
The East's source of wealth and wisdom was reported in the media (002027.sz) in mid-2023: the Māori rate increased by the same margin, with a higher profitability in the second half of the year; click here to enter text.
The East is a source of financial and intellectual growth, networking boards, working with companies of excellence, are committed to leading the market in terms of investment opportunities in the industry. Closely tracking industrial trends, focusing on communications, covering community socialization, Internet, short videos, long videos, live broadcasts, music and audio books, and tracking the Internet for life with the United States.
An analysis of his research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the media (002027.sz) reported in mid-2023 that the Māori rate and profit margin have risen in the same way as the rest of the year.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.