The Māori rate is 97.6%! The Bank of Trade and Finance, the Richming, Kuthai, the Central European Holdings! What's the big deal? In the capital market, there are two industries where valuation is the hardest. One is software, and two is biotech. Both industries, they're always high, and you thought it was high, but long ago it was higher.
On October 26, this company published its three-quarter report of 2019 – the first three quarters of which generated 2.297 billion dollars in operating income.
This represents an increase of 17.02 per cent over the same period and $317 million over the same period, or 36.1 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities - $67 million; Māori rates of 97.66 per cent; and net interest rates of 34.79 per cent for sales.
It is expected to generate gains and losses in fair value, mainly from traded financial assets, and an increase in investment returns. For 12 years in a row, it has been on the list of top 100 companies in global finance, along with giants such as ants, capital finance, centrifugal finance, and lufax.
It has a full license in banking, insurance, trust, futures, funds, clearing houses, etc., and has a stable market share in all areas, such as securities transactions (about 45%), investments in funds (over 80%), investments in insurance (over 80%), and financial software, which is a huge financial software industry: a permanent electronic.
In the present report, Merger and Purchase Merger will update its financial model excel tables, based on the tri-quarter report of 2019, and will help to refine the key points of the tri-quarter report:
In terms of the quality of growth — the previous three quarters saw an increase in operating income of 17.07 per cent over the same period, an increase in sales costs of 16.98 per cent over the same period, an increase in management costs of 11.81 per cent over the same period, a decrease of 10.58 per cent in accounts receivable (including instruments) over the same period, and, overall, an increase in operating income of good quality.
The System Renewal Project (SRP) is concentrated on revenue recognition in three quarters.c Internet operations: revenue growth is about 14.33 per cent, and the rate of increase is stable, as a result of the increase in the fair value of transactional financial assets.
To sum up this three-quarterly report: the growth of the financial brokerage industry has continued and the benefits of innovation have become apparent. Under this data, before updating the modelling report, we have to think about a few questions: 1) What are the factors that are worth analysing after the publication of its three-quarterly report?
How will this affect financial modelling? (2) What is the difference between the performance of the three-quarterly report in 2019 and the previous estimate?
Today, let's start with this case and look at the logic of modelling of the software industry.
According to the semi-quarterly report, which covers the part of the valuation assumptions that we need to update, there are the following: 1) the rate of revenue growth - based on the data from the three-quarterly report 2019, the core business situation is summarized as follows:
As a result, the assumptions remain unchanged.) Other assumptions — capital expenditure and operating capital changes are minor and therefore the original assumptions are maintained. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In contrast to the previous data, feel in depth -- according to the three-quarterly report, what minor changes have occurred in the basics? How will these subtle change factors affect the intrinsic value?
Its main industry, which provides financial IT software products and services, including traditional IT services and innovative Internet-based, cloud-based, etc., is a typical fantech enterprise, plus, and as a result of the added value of financial assets, business income and net profit grew at the same rate in the first three quarters of 2019.
17.02 per cent, 113.54 per cent. 1) Capital market operations - 70 per cent of revenue - cover mainly brokering, asset management, wealth management, transactional operations. The following sub-items are listed below:
(a) Brokering, mainly securities, futures, etc., with major products uf3.0; b/ asset management, mainly vis-à-vis private fund-raising agencies, with major products such as investment management system O45, strategic trading platform 2.0, comprehensive risk management, etc.;
(c) Wealth management operations, major service fund management companies, representing products such as ta4.0, financial marketing systems;d, exchange operations, major services with Shanghai Clearing House, small and medium-sized equity transfer systems, Beijing Financial Assets Exchange, middle 2) bank operations - about 10 per cent of income, consisting mainly of bank complexes, public services, tickets
According to operations, intermediate business platforms, etc. 3) Internet operations - about 18% of revenues, mainly on cloud platforms, Internet, etc. - non-financial operations - about 1% of income, mainly non-core industries such as health care, Internet tickets, etc.)
Figure: Breakdown of income structure (unit: %) Overall, the business coverage in this case is wide in electronics, with products spanning the securities industry, the fund industry, banking, trust, futures, insurance, full license plates in the financial sector, and the highest in all fields.
In this case, the industrial chain is simpler: the supplier of hardware equipment and products is upstream, and financial institutions such as securities companies, banks, foundations, trusts are downstream. The top five suppliers and customers in this case are less concentrated, at around 5%.
Different income recognition methods are used (confirmed by corresponding time points). In addition, follow-up needs to focus more on the major transformation of its business model - the traditional software custom development model to the subscription model or flow charge model (saas model) - and focus on the change of valuation anchor.
The above patterns of competition and business patterns form the structure of the statements as follows: with 27.03 per cent spent on sales costs, 13.67 per cent spent on administrative costs, other income, net return on investments and off-the-shelf income together amounted to 14.26 per cent, leaving a net profit of 20.79 per cent.
\blacksquare: Māori rate vs net interest rate (in %) in terms of historical income growth, this case has experienced two peaks:
1) 2007: (a) The stock cow market, where the securities industry achieved revenue of $283.5 billion, an increase of 366 per cent over the previous year, while the risk of the transfer of funds from customer transactions by the securities dealers in the previous year prompted regulatory reforms, such as the third-party deposit of funds from customer transactions, to expand the demand for renewal of the voucher system. (Renewing demand)
Figure: Revenue and acceleration units (millions of yuan per %) 2015: (a) Cow market, full implementation of our new fund law, leading to insurance, securities, private equity and access to the public sector, and the bull market, which further stimulated the outbreak of the size of the capital, led to high demand for the construction of the capital management system
The entire land reflects the shifting dynamics of the Cow Bear City, which can be seen as linked to a strong capital-market boom, as evidenced by the growth in income in the securities sector and the change in capital spending. The outlook for capital-market development then becomes the central income-driven factor in this case.
So, what should the outlook for capital markets be, is the growth in demand in capital markets where, as noted earlier, “capital market operations” account for more than 70% of the total, and are therefore a top priority in our income projections? Capital market operations, including asset management, wealth management, brokering, exchange operations, etc., we finance from the asset end.
In terms of both management needs and financing needs at the end of the fund, the first is the need for wealth management - according to the construction bank data, between 2008 and 2018, our residents were able to invest in a complex increase in assets.
16.2 per cent, or $15.3 million, is the size of the United States in 2018 ($243.1 million), while, according to Chinese securities data, the complex growth rate in the size of our industry from 2013 to 2017 was 23.36 per cent. We see both the size of the net assets of the Common Fund and the passive investment ratio.
1) According to the American Association of Investment Companies ' Development Report 2018, the net assets of our mutual funds are only 13 per cent of gdp, compared to 105 per cent in the United States, 36.21 per cent in Japan and 36.21 per cent in Germany for the same period
2) Investments in our resident funds and insurance assets (passive investments) represent 6.57 per cent of total household assets, compared to the United States of America, where the United States increased from 21 per cent in 1970 to 30.19 per cent in 2018; Japan ' s share of direct financing from Japan in 1994 was about 10 per cent, which is significantly lower than in developed markets, such as Europe, where it is about 50 per cent.
40%. Small and medium-sized enterprises contribute 50% of taxes, 60% of gdp, 70% of patents on inventions and 80% of jobs in towns and cities, accounting for more than 90% of the market, but banks have insufficient lending support for MSMEs, indicating a greater demand for financing at the end of the product.
The higher the wealth management needs, the asset-end financing needs, which together determine a key indicator - securitization rates and, in the future, securitization rates - the ratio between the total market value of all types of securities (generally including equities, bonds, mutual funds, etc.) and gdp, the higher the indicator, the greater the importance of the equity market in the national economy.
The securitization rate has increased from less than 10 per cent in 1990 to 40 per cent in 2007 at a high of 127 per cent, and then to 40 per cent, with some volatility. But in the twenty-first century, compared to developed economies, of which:
United States - The level of securitization is a global leader, cutting off the 2000 Internet bubble and the 2008 subprime lending crisis, Basic Japan - cutting off the 1989 economic bubble and bottom, at around 90 per cent.
It is clear that the country’s securitization hub level is equivalent to that of the US in the early 1990’s and Japan in the late 1990’s. As domestic capital markets evolve, driven by policies such as the Science and Technology Board, the Lumpstone, and the financial opening up to the outside world, the rate of securitization of capital markets will gradually rise in the future, which will boost the long-term development of demand in the financialit sector.
These are macro perspectives, and if we switch to micro-views, we now need to model them, how their revenues should be split, and for each capital market operation, we break down the projects and focus on core capital management, wealth management operations, long-term growth rates, through the “mixed capital scale” above, and the “common fund net asset size” of gdp above.
Indicators such as weighting, “securitization rate” are determined. 1) Assuming that our passive investments (in the form of indirect investments such as funds and insurance) reach an average of 30 per cent in the United States of America during the projection period, our Common Fund net asset size/gdp shares reach the German level (as Germany is more dependent) during the projection period
Indirect financing, capital markets are not well developed, similar to our own, and the compound rate of growth of the Common Fund over the next decade, taking into account the persistent e-market dominance, should be higher than that, so that in 2019 the wealth management and capital management operations grew at the following rates in the long-term sectors:
(a) Wealth management operations — from 37 per cent compound growth over the first five years to 16 per cent growth in the long-term sector, followed by scenario switches in the second five years, in two scenarios: (a) maintaining 16 per cent growth in the long-term sector at the same rate as in the optimistic scenario; (b) In the first three quarters of 2019, revenue from wealth management operations decreased by 12.82 per cent compared to 14.26 per cent in the first half of the year;
However, by January 2020, the number of bank finance subsidiaries had increased by almost 9 to 17, from 3 to 11, as compared with the first half of 2019; thus, income from wealth operations declined rapidly in the third quarter, more due to delays in project identification, and it is expected to rebound in the fourth quarter.
With the elimination of futures companies, fund management companies and equity equity restrictions on securities companies on a one-day basis, it is expected that the opening of new external securities and equity institutions will accelerate over the next three years, so wealth management operations will continue to grow at a faster pace, but it will be difficult to continue the 37 per cent growth trend of the last three years.
The percentage points, but in line with our previous expectations, are mainly due to the participation in the CPI trading system, which, with the completion of the open board on July 22, has led to a concentration of revenue recognition. In the future, it is now well developed (74 listed companies, as of January 2020).
In the short and medium term, growth will continue at a rapid rate as the stock exchange system is expected to continue to grow in the future, as it expands. Given the small difference between the three-quarters report and the previous model construction, the assumption remains unchanged.
In addition to this, there is also brokering in the capital market business, and in some other business, we simplify projections. But, in the long run, the demand for securities brokerit is mainly affected by a decline in the share of revenue in the securities broker business, which from 2007 to 2017 accounted for 62% of the securities broker’s total income, down to 23% in 2018.
Renovation has been released in three quarters, and as the science board continues to develop, it can be expected that brokering will continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace in 2020. The scientific and technical attributes of financial management, wealth, etc. are growing, such as i-intelligence, cloudization, etc.
In this case, Internet operations generated $467 million, with a three-year compound increase of 70%. Internet operations are mainly business-level services for the saas cloud. According to Irey's consulting analysis, the foreign financial saas cloud market was $10 billion in size, while according to ccw, the financial cloud market was $630 billion in 2016, 36.8% in four years, and the industry as a whole.
In the three-quarterly report of 2019, revenues from Internet operations were $366 million, an increase of 14.33 per cent over the previous period, a slight difference from the previous assumption of 12.06 per cent, thus maintaining the previous assumption.
In the first three quarters of 2019, bank revenue was $155 million, an increase of 10.23 per cent over the previous half of 2019, an increase of 28.73 per cent in the first half of 2019, which is a significant decline.
In the long run, if business expansion is not achieved, it is expected to remain at a relatively low rate of growth. Billion dollars, an increase of 5.53 per cent over the same period, and slow growth, largely in line with previous projections, have been revised for 2019.
It is interesting to note that if only one of these methods is used to determine the speed of the increase, does it yield? From historical fluctuations, the early recognition of revenue between 2013 and 2014 led to three-quarterly reporting of income as a percentage of annual income, and the increase in the penetration of cloud services in the financial sector, with a forecast value of:
Method III: Internal growth - due to the huge administrative fines imposed on permanent electronics in 2016, which resulted in a significant lower internal growth rate of Roe, mainly due to lower overall asset turnover (higher monetary funds) affecting Roe. Method IV: Industry acceleration - 2017, bankit solution acceleration market size at $33.96 billion, with a rate of increase
22.5%; the size of the insurance init solution market is 6.5 billion yuan, with a 23% increase; for securities, the average amount invested by securities companies in the last three fiscal years, according to the Chinese Securities Association, should in principle be at least 13.46% of the average net profit for the last three years, which in general does not differ much from our projections.
Let's move on: what will be the future in terms of profits, and, in view of the cost of the period, mainly administrative costs (about 60 per cent), sales costs (about 20 per cent) and lower financial costs. Figure: cost of sales vs administrative costs vs financial costs (in %)
Figure: Cost structure units (%1) Management costs (including R & D): by project cluster, starting with labour costs (70%), communication costs and R & D costs amount to 5%, operating costs, project consultancy costs and office costs of 4% each. Note that above R & D fees are not R & D fees
Use, rather than classifying as a separate item, the cost of R & D as a sub-cost of R & D. Between 2015 and 2017, the management rate increased from 47.1 per cent to 65 per cent, mainly because of the increase in R & D costs.
Technology such as performance calculation (prospection microscopic trading system), big data (quantified investment), artificial intelligence (intelligent investment), financial engineering; development of new unified architecture aresclud (enterprise-level Paas services that can be used in financial transport, trading, payment, liquidation and wind-control scenarios) and development of mobile application cloud service platform light.
In terms of new products, its joint ant gold jacket, the “New Generation Distributed Services Development Platform” developed by Ariun in 2018 – jres 3.0 – has been officially published to develop packages for full financial enterprise-level applications. What is the level of expenditure on this administrative cost, compared to its peers?
The cost of running a permanent electronics is higher than that of a peer for two reasons: first, the cost of R & D is higher than that of a peer (see, for example, the above comparison); and secondly, the cost-sharing difficulties that result in some of the costs being distributed. On the basis of the above analysis, we make the reasonable assumption that the R & D rate for the first three years was maintained in 2018 (mainly for financial science and technology).
On the basis of this transfer, the management cost rate for the first three years is 2) the cost of sales: in comparison with industry, the cost of e-sales is at the top, which is a departure from the direct sales model of 2b in the present case (the 2b sales rate is generally lower).
Because it is a high-paying business model of permanent electronics, for example, in 2018, there were 7122 permanent electronics employees, compared with 1.86 billion cash flows paid to employees over the same period, an average of 260,000 people, far exceeding the 150,000 that win-win time and gold medals.
Figure: Distribution cost units (%), which also results in both management and sales cost rates being high in the industry, for example in 2018, where the combined staff costs account for 66.43 per cent of sales costs, followed by travel and project consultancy costs (25.73 per cent).
Based on the above analysis, we have a reasonable assumption of the cost of sales: take an average of 28.4 per cent for the first three years (net of depreciation, large, consistent with our previous projection logic, and therefore constant). 3) and other loss and loss categories - divided into three main categories: other operating gains and losses, other non-operational gains and losses
a. Other operating gains and losses: mainly impairment losses of assets: - In 2015, its affiliates' permanent network was subject to administrative penalties, and due to the principle of prudence, the full amount of the accounts receivable was discounted, as the above were incidental events, so the original assumption was that the subsequent year would be the third quarter of the year of 0,2019.
0, consistent with previous assumptions, so the original assumptions remain unchanged.b Non-operational gains and losses, consisting mainly of government subsidies, administrative fines, fair value changes, of which: - 2015-2016, net off-the-shelf income as a percentage of net operating income declined and was even negative, mainly in the case of its homs system.
In the period 2017-2018, mainly affected by changes in accounting policies, the asset-related government grants were recorded as other gains and the original assumption was zero, and based on data from the three-quarterly report of 2019, the non-operational gain/loss was $365 million for the current period, a significant change, which led us to adjust the original assumption, which was $365 million for non-operational gain/loss in 2019, and to maintain the same assumption for the subsequent year.
c. Investment gains: mainly from long-term equity investments, disposal of property, and holding of income from financial assets. (We are classified as non-core assets (liquidity) and non-core assets (non-liquidity)) Historically, investment returns/ (non-core assets (current) at the end of the period plus non-core assets (non-current) at the end of the period)
In the first three quarters of 2019, the return on investment was 391 million yuan, exceeding our assumption of $238 million, and the changes were greater.
The share of capex as a share of revenue has been relatively stable lately, except for a few years (2004, 2015). Capital expenditure in this case is also at a lower level than that of its counterparts, mainly because of the full costing of research and development in this case.
There will be no significant changes in the future capex. Therefore, with regard to capital expenditure, we have reason to assume – 1) that the share of capital expenditure as a percentage of revenue will be stable, at 5.6 per cent for the previous five years; and 2) that because capital expenditure will be stable as a percentage of income, its depreciation will be more stable and fixed.
Depreciation was 1.62 per cent of revenue and intangible assets 0.35 per cent of income; according to data from the 2019 semi-annual bulletin, capital expenditure amounted to $84 million, or 5.51 per cent, with little overall change. Taking into account the recent update of our internal valuation template, the following adjustments were made:
Outsourcing of fixed assets — this case is a software development enterprise and is a light asset model, with additional fixed assets mainly used in electronic equipment on a daily basis. According to the past five years, the average value of the excess fixed assets as a percentage of total income was 1.4 per cent. New construction work in progress — as of June 2019, the total budget remaining in this case was a constant financial cloud of $1,122 million.
The production base project, which is currently progressing at 18.65 per cent, with construction starting in 2017 and completion in 2021, is based on the above-suppositioned additions of intangible assets - maintaining the original assumptions and assuming that the proportion of intangibles to revenue is 0.35 per cent.
Words, we replace operating capital with net operating capital, “net operating capital = current assets - financial assets - (current liabilities - interest-bearing liabilities)”. In this case, interest-bearing liabilities such as monetary funds, financial assets available for sale, and short-term borrowing, are calculated and reflected in relation to operating capital.
Real operating efficiency of the enterprise. In 2018, the share of permanent electronic net operating capital in revenue was 75.1%, with far more data than its peers, indicating that for every $100 earned, not only did it not have to prepare its own cash for operation, but it could support the company by receiving advance cash from customers.
Figure: Net operating capital as a percentage of revenue (%) then we analyse the indicators involved in net operating capital: 1) downstream voice - the emphasis is on customer bidding - winning the bid and receiving a portion of the advance - coming in, software development -
In general, the share of advance receipts has risen, and the income growth has accelerated; in contrast, the share of advance receipts has fallen and the income growth has accelerated.
The financialit sector will continue to move at a higher pace, with higher levels of income growth, which will probably lead to a higher proportion of income being received in advance. Thus, policies such as increasing the share of income received in advance to 25% will continue to be pursued and the collection in advance will remain high, thus maintaining the original assumption.
– Mostly software sales and software services, the ratio of receivables to revenues directly reflects the company’s cooperative position, as sales in this case are mostly directed to large and medium-sized financial institutions with a strong voice. From the industry as a whole, the share of permanent electronics in this case is relatively low, at around 10%, falling to 5% in the last two years, and winning.
We believe that the trend is upwards and that it is mainly the permanent electronics that, while consolidating their original status, continue to push, according to data from the three-quarterly report for Year 2019, which shows a 9.19 per cent increase in accounts receivable and a 2.84 percentage points decrease in the same year, with little change in the current assumption.
Inventory — a constant electronic sale of software services with fewer stocks, directly simplified processing, with inventory at an average cost of 39.85 per cent for nearly three years. 40.7 per cent of inventory costs in the third quarter of 2019 were largely consistent with previous assumptions, and the original assumptions were maintained here.
2) Upstream speech - looking at advance payments, notes payable and accounts payable. This case is a software company, mainly for R & D, so that advances and payables are relatively small, accounting for about 0.3% and 2% of total assets, respectively. Cost is low, not to exceed 5%, and we are all simplified.
The year-to-year margin is used as a reference, with an average of 12 per cent of the cost of the advance payment being used as a percentage of the three-year average.In the third quarter of 2019, there was little change in the balance between the advances and the accounts payable, so that the original assumptions were maintained.
Before the modelling data is done, let's take a look at the basics of the case: 1) Future income drivers - in the long run, mainly financial assets held by the residents, the social development phase determines asset allocation.
In the short term, these factors, such as location patterns, and securitization rates, drive the technology needs of the financial sector, which in the short term is a super-highly regulated moat, with the entire aquarium in the first row. (4) Protecting rivers — high conversion costs — downstream customers are costly to replace, especially when it comes to capital.
Gold software is bound to form a winner-take-all pattern. In addition, it has a whole range of product matrices from strong technology and R & D investments, as well as high-market ownership. 5) Business variables that will focus on the future — mainly the new noline strategy, cannot be landed and can't be traded.
The business model is bought and sold from the current one-time software, either to the flow or to the subscriber business model. To study this, several of the main variables in the valuation model have been identified.
Please purchase a technical version of the report, using the offices in KIMshan, smart nine, Evert, for example, the valuation modelling section, as follows:
In the next report, we will address the following major issues in the case.
These questions can be thought of in order to understand the companies in question thoroughly and to create a logical circle. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, they can move across the secondary market -- but, in fact, if the two factors of valuation modelling and financial risk are not understood, there will still be a great deal of disaster:
1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies, and what are the differences between the data zones, and whether there are any points to think about?
What are the factors, and where are the factors? If the sensitivity analysis is done, how much is the impact of Wacc and the acceleration on the valuation?) This case is one of the most important in the industry chain -- how is it different from the choice of different methods in the modelling of the valuation in this case? How should all the financial projections be combined to form a valuation model?
After the previous surge and collapse, many people may be panicking and dying at night -- so, what is the value of this case, what is the area, whether it's expensive or cheap?
Due to the details of the publicly available reports, there is a conflict with the payee who will be in charge of the M & A reports, so the M & A team will no longer provide free of charge and gradually try to pay for some of the content of the reports, as required by the user. In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus II: Science and Technology Concepts Reporting Bank of the U & D team, which can be cleaned up.
Draw the two-dimensional code below, get details of the valuation model in this case, and the financial risks that may be involved behind it.
In addition to this case, the low-value, the security margin, the eight words that can be said to be the true core of the value investment research system, are also the masters of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Callaman, Peter Lynch, John Neff, Joel Greenbrattt.
You can only live in the market if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis.
But since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of the industry, and a rigorous calculation of data, the area of expertise is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore resource-restrictive.
This is a huge bottleneck in the career development and investment systems of our marketers, and that is the direction that the M&A team will work for for the rest of its life -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day for 10 years to study 10,000 companies.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of excellent valuation reports, all of which are concentrated in this library, on the one hand, the merger.
We're a group of researchers that focus on deep corporate research. This library, which enriches our research excellence, is a guide for all users of the M&A. I hope you'll get what you want: you'll get what you want every day you want.
2) With regard to content: we are responsible only for financial analysis, industrial research, content research, for reference purposes only, and do not support any form of decision-making basis, nor any form of investment proposal. This paper is based on public corporate attributes, organized according to its statutory obligation to disclose publicly to the public information such as financial reports, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are irrelevant. We seek information.
Accurate but do not guarantee its completeness, accuracy, timeliness. Market risks, and research requires caution. 3) With regard to the theme: financial modelling, the volume of work, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and not all of the cases you need, please understand. 4) With regard to the platform: Yogurt, all the content of the team is exported as the only one, is not responsible for any other platform content, and we keep the law in place for counterfeiting and violating platforms.
[Data support] Some of the data in this case, supported by the following institutions, is appreciated -- domestic markets: ranking is not sequential. These institutions are essential if they are to be specialized in domestic and international securities market research. If you are interested in purchasing the data terminals of the above institutions, we can contact them.