Permanent Electronics (600570).
Domestic innovation drivers: The demand for financial innovation emerges, and the industry’s leadership is expected to keep up with high growth. Products and services, as well as financial data operations, provide individual investors with wealth management tools, etc.
The company’s pre-emergent and multi-year cultivation in the area of financial-it software and services has accumulated a wealth of customers, mainly bond dealers, futures companies, public funds, trust funds, and technology deposits. As stock market activity is expected to pick up, financial openness has accelerated and financial openness has increased.
Trust companies, insurance companies, banks, various exchanges, private equity funds, tripartite financial marketing companies, etc., are expected to expand their demand for IT software and services.
While doing business well, the company’s cloud services industry is leading the way, and is expected to generate strong performance gains.
The external environment is favourable: large-scale capital development, continued opening of capital markets, and a favourable policy environment. Large-scale capital management has given rise to financial space: the year 2016-2025 complex of asset management in our country; financial openness brings with it a new demand for procurement: 2020 will meet the new paradigm of full financial openness, and will be cancelled.
In the case of foreign equity restrictions on insurance, securities, funds, and futures, foreign investment entry also tends to increase demand for its system. And the effect of the new regulations on financing is becoming apparent, and new regulatory requirements have led to innovation in the financial system.
Strategic layout: Internet strategic layers move forward, cloud services and artificial intelligence operations lead the way. In innovative business, companies offer online solutions to customers, while integrating the company’s lines of business solutions, offering products and solutions to the entire market, in line with the trend of the era of financial technology.
Increased input from innovative technologies such as block chains, big data, artificial intelligence, cloud products and services corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: companies are core competitive in the area of financial science and technology disaggregation, have developed a series of clouded product service systems, and we expect companies to return to their mother ' s net profit share in 2019-2021
1. The country's leading software provider, i.e., the new wave of financial technology, based on the core competitiveness of financial science and technology.
Since its inception, the company has focused on providing financial software products and solutions to financial institutions, including banks, bond dealers, public funds, private fund-raising, futures companies, etc.
Companies have been growing well since they were listed, growing at a combined annual rate of nearly 20%. In recent years, the company’s revenues and performance have generally remained at a high rate.
The company’s main business includes software business, hardware business, integration business, etc. The company currently contributes to the software business, except for the non-soft business, which accounts for less than 3%. Specifically, the software business consists mainly of hardware business, integration business, and so on.
The rapid growth in the expenditure on software and services in the domestic financial sector, as a leading firm in the field of finance, the financial software industry, figure 4: The Māori share of the company's product lines in recent years.
Companies focus on the back-office operations of financial institutions, which have advantages over competitors in terms of the number of customers, technical skills, and product abundance. In the case of customers and products, companies provide back-office business solutions for various financial institutions such as securities, funds, insurance, trusts, banks, etc.: in the case of brokerage, companies provide a core trading system (uf series, currently uf2.0): in the case of managing the operations of financial institutions, the company provides a core trading system for various securities (uf 2.0):
The financial management agencies provide systems such as investment management platforms (0 series of products, mainly 032, 04); for wealthit operations, companies provide the financial management agencies with a registration system (ta4.0 etc.), a financial management system, etc. Other types of asset-trading counters for transactions and back-office services for financial institutions are listed below.
The companies that have a competitive relationship with the company are mainly gold-credited shares, winning at the time of the win, all of which are listed in a share.
(wind control, performance management, liquidation, accounting, etc.), with only some investment trading systems directly competing with companies (e.g., the Fund Valuation System, etc.).
Since it was listed, companies have gained a major market share of the clients of large financial institutions by virtue of their superior technical skills. Among the company’s main products, the central trading system of brokering lines is now the market.
The market ownership rate is about 50%; the securities, funds, trust core systems, etc., are over 80%; the wealth lines, the registered household transfer system (ta4.0 etc.), etc., are also high. The company is therefore a truly financial software product and solution area where the company’s Māori ratio is more than 90%: R & D expenditure is at the forefront of the industry. The company’s main product is software products and solutions.
Business costs (mainly office space, supplies, etc.) are small, so the Māori rate is maintained at more than 90% per year. The company’s main daily expenditure is sales costs and administrative costs, the bulk of which is sales personnel’s wages and R&D expenditures.
High levels of R & D investment give companies excellent technological power and rapid responsiveness to customer demand. Looking at the history of growing electronics, it can be roughly divided into two phases since the company was listed in 2003, or since the company’s establishment.
The first phase is up to 2015 and the second phase is up to 2015. In both phases, there is a difference between the core drivers of corporate equity, industry patterns, and corporate growth.
Figure 9: The main stage in the development of Helium Electronics since its listing, with 60% of the 15 founders holding shares, our country is in a period of rapid financial penetration.
The core of the company's strategy revolves around software products, and the financialit industry is the central engine of corporate growth.
In the 3.0 era of financial science and technology, many new changes have taken place, corporate core strategies have shifted to the Internet, traditional + innovative business both driving corporate growth.
First stage: listing until 2015. At the beginning of listing, the company’s equity structure was as follows: the parent company and the real-estater’s Hensing Group held about 30% of the company’s shareholding, and the Hensing Group’s almost total shareholding was held by 15 founders, including Huang Dae-sung and Peng. The 15 founders held another 35.1% of the company’s shareholding.
The company’s core founders, Huang Dae-sung, Peng, and others, are of technical origin. During the period at the helm of the founder, the company focused on financial software products and sought to provide the highest quality of IT services to large financial institutions, not involving too many online applications and services.
The company’s ability to innovate and the fast-growing financial-it industry has become one of the central drivers of corporate growth. Compared to the corporate gold-credited shares of the same industry that were listed in 2003, it can be found that both the permanent electronics and the gold-credited shares received a combined growth rate of about 20% in 2003-15 (the gold-stock business is more diversified, and its financial-it business draws on its software sales, systems maintenance, and custom-based software industries).
Two parts of the agenda. The industrial boom has given industrial firms a valuable opportunity to grow, and the industry's high-quality enterprises have achieved a high level of technological excellence.
Second phase: 2015-present. In 2015, as part of Ali’s Internet finance strategy, the ant gold suit completed a 100% acquisition of shares in the Hengsung group and became a permanent electronic control. This acquisition meant not only a radical change in the company’s equity structure, but also a whole new amount of blood that the company injected into the Internet.
The rapid transition to Internet operations began with a gradual shift from “productization” to “networking”, “platformization” and “intellectualization”. Since the company's 2014 introduction of “simplifying finance”, in 2015, the company first proposed “connecting millions of financial assets” to the Internet, proposing a “end-of-net cloud” technology strategy, relying on innovative business subsidiaries and investing in innovative operations (i.e., Internet operations).
In 2017, the company proposed three online strategies as clear expressions of the company ' s overall deployment of the Internet, including the moveonline: upgrading existing solutions and systems, providing clients with online solutions such as wealth, financial management, brokering, etc.; liveonline: building production environment and operating systems on clouds; thinkonline: building a permanent ibrain, increasing the input of cutting-edge technology (block chains, big data, artificial intelligence), and
In conclusion, the company “needs a line of business and functionality in the context of networked, intelligent financial science and technology development.” Then, the company further proposed hundsunonline, building the company as an online employee platform through the u+ and multi-level partnership schemes.
Figure 12: Corporate equity structure
• Meaning: provision of online solutions: development of a complete cloud production and operation system • counterpart operations: uf3.0, 05, etc., cloud-based versions of traditional operations
• Meaning: provision of product and solution cloud services: building financial technology and ecology on clouds • counterpart business: constant gtn and its underlying aresclud, thinkonlines, etc.
• Meaning: development, integration and integration of cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, block chains and so on in industry • counterpart business: permanent ibrain: smart terminals, smart clients, i.e., hundsunonline
• Meaning: to drive business system development: to build companies online in a staff-owned flat • model: u+ scheme, multi-level partnership scheme looking ahead, where the company's traditional business is expected to maintain a high growth rate, while Internet-centred innovation gives the company new growth potential.
In the long run, our capital markets are still far from mature, and continued expansion, financial deepening, and financial openness are on the move; in the short term, our capital markets are at the bottom of the cycle and can be reversed in the future, while the new rules of governance have led to the addition and restructuring of the financial system.
In addition to traditional business, based on the background and technical capabilities of major shareholders, companies already have many layouts of Internet-centric innovation, applications in cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc., and ongoing R & D inputs and extensions and acquisitions.
At a time when the financial sector as a whole was expected to be reshaped by cutting-edge technology, the company’s leading profile gave it considerable potential for sustained growth in the future.
2.1 The major capital-management industries are expected to continue to grow faster and capital markets are ready to warm up over time. The company’s traditional operations, which are concentrated mainly in capital-market-it operations, are key to the company’s performance. The company’s traditional operations consist mainly of a wide variety of software products and technical services provided to major financial institutions, the main products of which are listed in the table below.
Products include uf2.0, o.32, and ta4.0. According to the branch line, the company’s main income comes from capital market business, i.e. financial services for indirect financial institutions such as securities, insurance, funds and subsidiaries.
During 2018, a new generation of core business platform products uf 3.0 was selected for the offer of securities; the new R & D product agency counter system gained market preferences and contracted 17 coupons, including Huatai and Cino; 14 new coupons were added to the central business operations platform bop: derivatives of options and coupons such as Tai Junan worked together to make a breakthrough. The futures industry HF trading system was recognized by the market.
Since the reform and opening of the financial sector, the development of our financial sector has been accompanied by sustained financial deepening, on the one hand, by a rapid increase in national wealth and, on the other, by a structure of assets (and wealth) in both the government, business and the residential sectors.
In recent years, in terms of the size of the management of the assets of the industry, the country’s major financial management industry has shown relatively strong growth. According to the Chinese Association of Securities and Investment Funds, despite the volatility of capital markets and financial regulatory cycles, growth in the size of our funds and bonds has diminished significantly over the past 17 years, but from the start of the statistics, 14q4 have been available.
In 2016, according to a Deloitte study, the country’s total assets were managed in 2016.
About $2.8 trillion in size, or 25% of the current year’s gdp ratio (World Bank, constant prices). Compared to 179% in the United States and 143% in the United Kingdom, there is still much room for development in China’s asset management industry.
On the other hand, our stock market activity has a greater impact on the company’s capital market operations. Corporate capital market operations, whether brokering, financial management or wealthit lines, are greatly influenced by a share market activity (trade volume).
Lines, where the company's main product is the bond dealer's core and peripheral trading system, may generate a demand for system upgrading when a share market volume increases significantly: (2) the capital and wealth lines, a period of active stock trading which, in the history of a stock, often has been accompanied by an exponential rise in the number of new funds established, the number of products issued by the fund, and the size of the bank's property.
In addition, an active stock market allows financial institutions, such as coupons, funds, etc., to increase their profits significantly, providing them with sufficient funds for a centralized purchasing system. Performance has increased by a very high degree of homogeneity.
More than 100% of the growth: 15 years after the boom in the big capital industry, the volume of assets managed by financial institutions such as bond dealers, foundations, etc. has increased as compared to the upgrade of the system. The old system supports hundreds of millions of transactions, and the uf3.0 system can be most supportive of hundreds of billions of dollars. The demand for the bond upgrade system is not high for the current contraction of transactions, but, given the significant expansion of a stock market, future stock market transactions will be warming.
It can drive up demand uf3.0 and, in turn, significant growth in revenue from corporate brokerage lines; it also has the opportunity to generate faster growth in its lines of operations, such as capital management, wealth, etc.
2.2 In the year when financial openings are rising, financial openings will continue to benefit financial service providers “only when they are open,” as will financial opening. Reform opening is our basic state policy, and my Government has stressed many times in recent years that “reform openings are taking place only when they are open, and not when they are completed”, and that “China’s opening doors will not be closed, but will only grow wider.”
Since the reforms and opening up, our openings on exchange rates, capital accounts, financial institutions, and financial markets have never stopped, and until now our financial opening is still far behind most market-economy countries. While there may be a break in the way, the gradual deepening of our financial opening in the future remains a trend.
The opening up of financial institutions has accelerated, or will result in direct procurement demand. Many of the financial opening policies announced at our Asian Forum have broken down the bottlenecks of foreign financial institutions over the years. These include: (1) liberalization of the share of foreign financial institutions in the country, which will be opened to 100% after three years; and (2) significant liberalization of foreign banking operations, of the bill on joint ventures and foreign insurance companies.
In the future, there will probably be a double increase in the number and size of foreign financial institutions’ branches in the country, or a significant demand for iii system procurement. As the country’s leading capital market iii system service provider, it is hoped that the first benefits will be derived from e-commerce.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the core competitiveness of financial science and technology has led to a turning point in innovation.
The Financial Stability Development Committee of the State Council of China launched on 19 July 2019 the " Initiatives for a Step-by-Step Expansion of the Financial Sector ' s External Openness " , which covers 11 measures to open the Financial Sector to further liberalize the Foreign Investment Ratio of the Financial Sector.
In October 2019, the CSRC announced that, with effect from 1 April 2020, the external equity quota of the Fund Administration Division would be lifted throughout the country: as of 1 December 2020, the foreign equity quota of securities companies would be eliminated.
It was also published that by 2020, the foreign share of the joint-venture life insurance companies was officially eliminated, and that the foreign share of the joint-venture life insurance companies could reach 100%. In terms of market indications, with the opening of policies, a number of foreign institutions continued to step up their operations, capabilities, license plates, etc., and intensified China’s financial architecture by 20:2019.
The pace of financial openness will certainly have a far-reaching impact on our financial sector. In the future, the pace of entry of foreign financial institutions into China will accelerate, domestic financial markets will be better connected to foreign markets, which will have a direct impact not only on the operations of domestic financial institutions, but also on all relevant industries, especially the financial stat. For permanent electronics, financial opening will be open to financial markets and financial institutions, respectively.
The opening up of financial and intellectual sources in the East has had a positive impact on corporate performance at both levels. In this context, opening up financial markets means expanding channels for investing in offshore financial markets within the country, creating new demand for trading and financial management systems; opening up financial institutions means expanding foreign financial institutions within the country.
Financial regulation is a double-edged sword for financial ii service providers. On the one hand, the more stringent financial regulation limits the operations of financial institutions, hinders financial deepening and the expansion of financial institutions’ size, and thus limits the expansion of financial ii service providers’ operations.
At present, financial regulation is providing direction for companies’ business expansion, mainly as a result of the new regulations governing the financial system. Since 2015, domestic regulation on innovative and inclusive operations has become more stringent, negatively affecting the expansion of financial institutions.