\triangleright \triangleright
The basic plate is growing robustly, and the national expansion is continuing. For the sub-products, q2 East Penthouse/other \triangleright has introduced a new product, the blisters, and is steadily moving forward with the construction of the "East Peng energy plus" product matrix.
The core market, the Guangdong region, has experienced strong growth, with 53.6 per cent/82.2/113.1 per cent more. The central market, due to the epidemic, and rain and weather conditions affecting the end demand, is under pressure to raise $860 million, or 6.4 per cent less.
The number of online channels continued to be distributed, with an increase of 35.6 per cent, and the company continued to optimize its intra-provincial clients and speed up its outreach, bringing the total number of 22h1 distributors to 2590, a net increase of 152 at the end of 21 years; the number of terminal points increased to 2.5 million, an increase of 410,000 at the end of 21 years.
Cost control is resistant to cost pressures and q2 profitability is on the upswing. The company’s raw material cost ends continue on \triangleright 1.
With faster performance growth, regional expansion continues to advance from 2021 1.0 pcts to 17.9% q2 costs are affected by rising prices of bulk ester slices and white sugar, etc.
This year, the cost of the epidemic slowed down. Companies strengthened their cost controls and effectively resisted the rising income of 21q2 and increased the cost of spending.
Channels are distributed throughout the country, and future increases are expected to continue. As of 22h1, the \triangleright 4. Dopium beverages (605499) depth report: differential competition
Costier interactive platforms achieve a cumulative and non-repeated sweep of more than 150 million consumers, repurchase consumers more than sink with channels, competitiveness continues to grow by 2021/05/50 per cent, and brand power continues to rise. Some 74,000 freezers are dropped through terminals and modern and special channels are continuously deployed.
By accelerating the construction of the Changsha base, the county base, and the company’s multi-point production and distribution of capacity throughout the country, it is expected that the investment proposal: the company will face cost-up challenges, actively optimize the cost of the investment, and follow up on the price of raw materials.
It is hoped that further pressure will be released; at the same time, by continuing to explore the second growth curve, building the “energy beverage plus” \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.