On August 15, the East Peng beverages announced a steady increase in income in mid-2022, and the nationalization strategy continued. On the income side, the company achieved $4,291 million in business income in the first half of the year, an increase of 16.54%. Of this, q2 recorded a gain of $2,285 million.
The central drivers of growth in revenue collection. In the first half of the year, the company achieved revenues of 1,648 million yuan in the Guangdong region, which was almost the same as last year, while the national region, with the exception of Guangdong, accounted for more than 20 per cent of the growth rate in the regions of China, China, China, Southwest and North China.
See, with the exception of Guangdong, the country’s regional q2 generated 1,182 million yuan, an increase of 43.67 per cent over the same period, demonstrating the great potential of the port market. The efficiency gains are significant, with q2 profits exceeding expectations.
The impact of price increases, such as \triangleright ester slices and white sugar, is that the company ' s Māori rate continues its pressure at q2 with a sales cost of 16.38%, a decrease of 2.52 pct compared to the same year.
Newly low at 2.67 per cent, a decline of 1.29 pct over the same period, a decline of 0.81 pct over the ring, h1 overheads, a slight increase of 0.48 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year. Thus, the company ' s net profit rate for the second quarter of the year guaranteed a steady expansion of Dong Peng, with a large body of fresh water.
For the company’s support products, revenue has been growing steadily, reaching $4.118 billion in the first half of the year, and for his products, the natural water has been growing rapidly. For the first half of this year, the average monthly sales volume has increased by about a month since it was marketed in September 2021.
In the future, the Department will further deepen the nationalization landscape and adopt large markets in the traditional distribution channels.
Sinda Securities Inc. Mode of circulation, full-channel farming in mature markets, online channels that affect more years
With regard to products, the company will actively prepare tea beverages, sports nutrients,
For example, coffee beverages and fruit and vegetables beverages create a matrix of diverse products to meet consumer demand. For branding, the company will further consolidate the inner core of the brands "Young to Wake Up" and "Little to Drink East Pinocchio" , maintain core brand values, and create a variety of scenes.
In addition, companies will focus on high-value, high-quality beverage products as their core competitiveness and will actively explore possible market opportunities abroad through adequate research on overseas markets.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: demand is recovering, raw material prices are falling, attention is paid to the long-term \triangleright exhibition. Most of the popular goods businesses are growing at a slower pace in the second quarter of the year, as a result of the national epidemic.
In addition, companies demonstrate a strong fee-control capacity when bulk commodities rise, accompanied by a fall in commodity prices and a reduction in pressure on company raw materials prices.
On the one hand, the company continues to expand its entire country, and on the other hand it continues to build high-value, high-quality beverage singles, with great potential in the current trend of consumption classification. We expect the company to maintain its “buy-in” rating of 40x, 32x, and 26xpe.
Risk factors: The constant rise in raw material prices and the recurrent effects of the epidemic on demand recovery. Studyed in Shenzhen City on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) and focused on macro, real estate, fiscal and fiscal issues.
In addition to its share, it has an in-depth study and follow-up of the white wine, leisure food, spices, frozen foods, etc., with an emphasis on valuation components that have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly, related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVC-resumed Securities Investment Advisory Service. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.