The product matrix is rich, with rapid growth in the provinces, now returns to the mother net profit of $755 million, i.e. +11.7 per cent of the year, and 2.28 billion in the 22nd quarter of the year.
The product matrix, combined with the accelerated nationalization of the layout, drives faster growth. The 1h22 company collects the same amount as Tung Peng's half-yearly 2022.
The core product, the East Pott, continues to grow at a relatively rapid rate, with sales revenue of $4.12 billion, or +18.2 per cent, and the cumulative number of new products sold to date brings an additional 2.03 million users. (2) On the channel side, the number of dealers and the number of terminals at 1h22 reached 2,590 and 2.5 million, respectively, an increase of 12.0 per cent at the end of 21 years.
and 19.6 per cent 1h22 Guangdong region, which achieved sales revenue of $1.65 billion, which remained almost at the same level as last year. The country’s market performance was impressive, with the Guangdong/Waodong/China/Changxi/South-West/North China region achieving business income parity targets, and 1h22 outside Guangdong region receiving sales through initiatives such as the lifting of freezers and product displays through improved channels.
+34.6 per cent in relation to the same ratio and 6.9 per cent higher than 1h21 per cent in relation to the share of income. Average price of material polyester slices increased by 39.0 per cent in relation to the same year, average price of white sugar by 7.0 per cent in relation to the same year, company Māori ratio equal to 2.5 per cent in relation to sales cost, administrative rate equal to 0.5 per cent in relation to the same ratio, and sales cost and management for a single two-quarter period
The cost rate is 5.1 pct and 1.3 pcct, respectively, and we judge that the impact of the epidemic is related to the impact of the market promotion activity and the impact of the high base level over the same period last year (which revolves around the costs of marketing). (3) We believe that corporate costs are expected to remain stable in the second half of the year, and if the prices of the bulk of the raw materials fall, the company will be profitable.
Over the long term, the product matrix is gradually enriched and is growing faster out of the country. (1) The company’s product is differentiated, competition is increasing, and the sales of 500 ml gold bottles are increasing. Moreover, the product matrix is gradually enriched and the boundaries of competition are expanding, and new products are expected to lead to an increase in performance. (2) The company’s nationalization strategy continues to advance, with distribution channels.
The market space outside Guangdong continues to be large and the company is expected to continue to grow at a faster pace, using market prices on August 26, 2022.
The Doppelganger Beverages: 1q22 has a steady increase in income, short-term profits are well controlled, energy beverage markets have much room for improvement, new products are worth looking forward, and higher ratings are maintained.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: dairy beverage