Dung Peng beverages (605499) Food beverages
The net return to the mother is 760 million yuan, an increase of 11.7% over the same period; the size and effects of the company’s sales have increased steadily, and its performance has been consistent with market expectations. The product matrix has continued to improve, and the nationalization strategy has worked well.
The sales revenue is $4.12 billion (+18.2%) and $170 million (-1.2%) respectively.
The sales revenue was 1.65 billion yuan, almost the same as in the same period last year; the national region achieved 2.22 billion yuan in sales, an increase of 34.6 per cent, of which the regions of China, China, China, Guangxi, South-West and North-East collected 560 million yuan, while the traditionally strong Guangdong region continued to expand its consumer base through full-scale farming and fine-tuning of the town and town markets.
In the national region, the number of company distributors increased from 2312 to 2590 in the first half of 2022.
The increase in prices of raw materials is disturbing short-term performance and the pace of spending is stable.1 The overall Māori rate is 42.7 per cent, a decrease of 4.2 percentage points from the same figure, mainly due to higher prices and higher average prices for bulk polyester slices.
The average price of white sugar rose by 7 per cent over the same period.2 In terms of cost, the sales cost rate fell by 2.5 to 16.4 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year, and expenditure on sales costs interacted favourably with the increase in revenue; it benefited from corporate focus and efficiency gains, resulting in a decrease in management costs of 0.6 to 3.0 per cent compared to the previous year;
The distribution rate has remained stable overall, with a small decrease of 0.1 to 0.5 per cent; the financial cost rate has been reduced owing to the strategic opportunity period of the letter of credit, which has released the growth space from the productive layout. The camp’s continued intensive cultivation channels in the Guangdong region have sunk market demand, sales are expected to be robust, vulnerable areas are expected to move smoothly, and large open markets remain out of the province.
The company is still in the process of nationalization, with potential in the north and north of the country to operate in competition. The company has now built seven production bases, with a combined capacity of about 2.8 million tons per year, while at the same time 10,000 tons.
Timeliness and stability, further achieving scale effects and laying a solid foundation for long-term sustainable development.
2. Dopium beverages (605499): the stock of new products is abundant and nationalization is steadily increasing (2022-02-16) East peng beverages (605499): q4 continues to grow.
4. Dopium beverages (605499): Nationalization is steady. No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.