Reconciling rhythm throughout the year with structural fluctuations delaying profit growth 29/08/2024 Event: A corporate announcement of increased progress, August 28th, 2024.
\triangleright \triangleright \ \triangleright king \ \ \ \ \  \ \ \  \ triangleright \ \ \  \
High-priced white wine in the company has increased by +1.51 to 4,567 million, while other white wine in the company has increased by +58.33 to +2796 million, and the median high-priced white wine has decreased by 9.79 ptt. In the second quarter, high-priced white wine in the company has slowed down, on the one hand, with a higher base and a faster growth in the 24q1 Saffron series, with an overall weak background to white wine business demand.
Zhang's q2 low-season company has taken the initiative to control the rhythm and maintain the channel order and health. At the same time, the company is steadily pushing for market openings and the downfall of the market, and q2 is expected to grow faster than ever before.
On average, the company has a higher balance in its product mix in the current demand environment, reflecting a higher level of resilience to risk. Subregionally, 24q2 in-country/out-of-provincial revenues are assessed on a 24-year-old basis: 23 years of successful admission and 24 years of experience.
Comments: q2 profits are increasing continuously, q2 returns are rising in the first quarter of 2023/08/023: 23q1 is open, determined, year-round goals are met, confidence is increased and long-term growth logic is strong.
Business income grew by about 20% from the previous year, and companies took the initiative to adjust the pace during the low season, commenting on the positive response to the Mid-Autumn season. 4. Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) event: after 2022, a better base was set, and the 24h2 series is expected to pick up. The company’s long-term growth logic is strong, holding stock is strong.
The future company will continue to maintain the long-term nature of the branding strategy, optimize the market at the regional level, maintain a strong farming base, and the three markets in the south of the country, while maintaining branding and deepening marketing models.
The digital marketing model has been working since the beginning of the year. We see a steady increase in product structure as a result of the continuous nationalization of the series of sunflowers.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.