The company's business goal of 2024 is to “achieve the growth of the harvest”
The net profit of the mother grew by 29.95%, and according to feedback from research sources, spring sales grew positively, stocks were good, and the quality of the growth was high.
The Qingixiang has become a national step, and Qingixiang has rejuvenated the sea. The Qingixiang Lui, who led the rejuvenation, has achieved a great deal, and the share of the white industry in the medium and long term is expected to double. 2019-2023 is expected to double.
The annual income of the white wine industry has increased from $561.8 billion to $756.3 billion, the share of the wine has increased from 2.1 per cent to 4.2 per cent, a doubling of the share of the fragrance-like taps raised by $90 billion over the same period, and the share of the fragrance-like wine is actually hot and the share of the fragrance-like wine has increased from 16.1 per cent in 2019.
In comparison with 10% of the industry share, 19.5% of the industry share, and the medium- and long-term space for the industry’s share with a strong nationalization advantage, it can be doubled in comparison with 10% of the industry’s share.
In contrast to a single-priced white wine company, the brand-new wine with a perfect product matrix is much more resistant to risk, especially in the case of the popular boxing products on a number of price bands.
In the past, there have been a lot of success stories. In 2024, the South-West and South-West investment in Bolivia has been tilted, and we think it is.
Shanxi Liquor (600809); 2023 newspaper and Growing Market Ends add value and create an atmosphere conducive to the entry and upgrading of the product mix.
A modest increase in the dividends would result in a rate of 4% or more. White wine companies would need to “reduce risk, maintain expectations, raise returns” in terms of cash and market value maintenance.
"Sangsi Liquor" (60809), led to steady medium- and long-term expectations, and again, raised the dividends.
Both the dollar) and the monetary funds (including deposits) will support the increase in dividends and the exchange rate.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: based on good performance in the first half of the year, the year-round business targets are set without concern, the industry is expected to grow ahead in 2024-26, with a slight adjustment to the net return to the mother of 132,
Shanxi's share in the rejuvenating road is steadily moving up. The weight of the three main fragrant dragons varies greatly in their respective fragrances, in 2023, the share of Guizhou in the sauce was more than half, reaching 64.2%, the share of the gin in the Qingixiang style was 35.5%, and the share of the gin in the Qingixian Xiaoxi was 35.5%, and the share of the gin in the fragrance was five grains and fluids in the fragrance.
19.5%. The concentration of production areas and brand concentration will result in the high-rises of dragons. The concentration of production areas is very different in the Quizhou region, where the Qingixiang region has such Qing Qiang and the Quixiang region in the south, but Shanxi is the Qing Lui district; the Quixiang area is outside the Sichuan region, where the Quixiang area is also known as Jiang Xiao Luang.
It's important, but after the introduction of solid liquid laws and liquid laws in the 1990s, and the large-scale Sichuan wine drops out, there are lots of flowers in its brands, and there's more confusion in the area of production, as well as 10 billion tons of wine.
10.1%, with the lowest change, with 22.6% of the strong shares rising, allowing companies to grow even in the face of stagnation in the overall industry, and the ability to pass through the cycle is even more powerful. In recent years, the whole series of wine products has grown, with green flowers among them.
The 20th and 25th rank rises, with 30 billion sunflowers already sunk at about 3 billion scales, with 2024 sales moving faster after prices were smoothed in late 2023, and gifts introduced. Panama and the upgraded old white market are looking forward to serving as both a pioneer in long-distance markets and an important regulator for marketing.
The share of revenues has exceeded 60%, while the control of the provincial markets has made the regulation of the two markets more fluid to the smooth/reverse cycle, and companies have in fact had very successful experience in the past, especially during the period of the new crown epidemic.
The Panama series, the Quai, the low level of the village of almonds, the high spirit of wine in the remote market, and the ceiling are still high. In 2023, the sales of rum generated more than $30 billion, 90% of the country.
Provinces have sold over a billion dollars, long triangles and bead triangles have been built, and wine has moved to the whole country, taking up a seat in branded areas. For example, in 2016, sales returned from less than 40 million to over 700 million in 2023, and in seven years, rum can become a model of "15+4". "15+4" refers to the share selection criteria for strategies in the construction of risk avoidance combinations, i.e. 15%.
To over 4% of dividends. We believe that the fall in the valuation of the wine includes the market's medium-term concern (short-term too pessimism) about economic trends and the consumption of white wine, and that enterprises need to “reduce risks, maintain expectations, protect against risks, manage them” and describe the “methodology” of “below-down performance” and gain understanding and support to achieve stability in their operations and market value maintenance.
Sets medium- and long-term expectations; again, returns -- raise the score to 4%, or even higher, returns for shareholders. In 2023, the wine will support both a red increase and a payout.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.