Short-term quarterly restructuring, looking at sustainable growth, billions of yuan, +10.23 per cent of the year, with slightly lower profits than expected, mainly due to the company ' s proactive regulation, line of sunflower control, and the major increases in the production of boars and hips (Old Whites, Panama).
Sub-products, high-priced alcohol/other alcohol in 24h1, yielding 16,427/62.33 million (highest/lowest in the year compared to the year): market value of the share in circulationa (billion yuan):
Channel models and organizational re-engineering have led to increased competitiveness. Previously, the market was concerned that corporate access to hospitality, the drive for change, could affect profit and dealer incentives, end incentives, and three-quarters of companies were actively optimizing processes, improving efficiency and shortening the cost-paying cycle, which is now improving the situation.
In addition, the recent changes in marketing end-of-organization staff are consistent with previous expectations. First, this is not a general change, which is a requirement for State corporate rotational management; second, after more than a year of convergence, it is steadily and gradually being adjusted; and third, the current high level of motivation, which, in our view, gives impetus to the company’s development.
The year was marked by a change in the channel model and a partial change in the regional marketing directors, with 25-26 years into the organizational efficiency drive. In sum, the company promoted the integrated competitiveness of rum marketing around the three dimensions of “cultural re-engineering, organizational re-engineering, competitive re-engineering.”
In 2024, the overall thrust of the department was market health, structural non-reformation, and mission objectives remained unchanged.
In terms of business objectives, steady growth is ranked first. 1) The year-round target of around 20 per cent is unchanged, returns are at a normal pace; 2) in terms of the pace of business, the company’s product lines are rich, the bountiful, the waist (old white, Panama), 20 bouquets, the 30 bouquets are four-wheel-drived, depending on the changing economic environment,
Corporate goals, channel health, etc., companies have taken the initiative to regulate the quarterly rhythm of the product series, causing the market to worry about changing demand, moving product structures, profit-taking, etc.) Looking ahead for the third quarter, high-end products are still under pressure, supported by 20 flowers as an incremental measure, and the overall market layout of the economy as a whole.
See, the company currently has a rich line of wine products and a number of powerful products, high risk resistance, profit-making and complementarity, so the company continues to perform its basic solid logic through product rotations and regional rotations Profit forecasting, valuation analysis and investment proposals: in the short term, the company's second-quarter phase has a blue flower system.
\triangleright controls the goods, with a high level of profitability. The company has strategic initiative, agility, agnosticity, agnosticity, accelerosis, and product line performance, which is expected to achieve the annual 20% collection target.
As product structures are upgraded, scale effects are highlighted, and management performance is optimized, profits increase faster than revenue is reasonably justified. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or the trust that I have in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.