Sancie's food beverages (60809), Saffron's series of active controls, active preparations for the two seasons of Wangjing, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company released its mid-year report in 2024, which generated revenues of $22.75 billion in the first half of the year, i.e. +19.6 per cent compared to 19.6 per cent in the Saffron Series, active control of the Saffron Series and the power of the Bollium Series.
With high value for money, the company’s income grew steadily in the first half of the year. 2--- Sub-products, 24-q2, high-priced white wine, generated income of $4.57 billion, or +1.5 per cent, and is expected to be dominated by business demand, adding company ownership of the flowers and helping the channel digest stocks; and other alcohol generated revenue of $2.80 billion.
This compares with +58.3 per cent and is expected to result mainly in higher prices and higher market exposures. 3 in the subregion, income of 2.80 billion yuan was achieved in 24q2 provinces.
In the context of the revival of rum brands and the expansion of the empty market, the recruitment of marketers in emerging markets has steadily advanced, with a steady increase in the share of large and excellent businesses. The Māori rate has declined, and the profitability of Māori has declined for a short period of time.
It is divided into points to 75.1%, mainly because of the increased use of common alcohol, such as bozos, and the gradual collapse of the product structure. Cost falls by 0.6 percentage points to 4.3%, financial cost rates are the same as in the same period last year, overall cost rates are actively exploring marketing innovations at the same rate as in the previous year, and there is a long-term positive trend. In the first half of the year, companies actively explored marketing innovations.
Promotes the fine management of channels, perfects the system of `happiness', develops brand advertising and consumer training, and builds firm growth in the first half of the year, based on brand power and channel power, against the background of the pressure of the consumer environment.
There are still advantages to profits over other sub-high-end competitions, with a new upgrade in the waist, and a more dynamic layout of the market.3 In the medium and long term, the company has deep brand sedimentation and heterogeneous fragrances, with sub-high-end green flowers.20 The consumer heat has already started, and the public prices of Panama, the old white and the botanium are good for sale, and the trend has been positive for the long term.
It's 17 times, 15 times, and 12 times, respectively. The branding of the wine is a steady release, the matrix is a little bit more flowery, the national layout is a solid advance, and the company's ability to grow in the long term is to maintain the "buy in" 1. Shanxi wine (60809); it has been a beautiful year for 23 years.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.