Shanxi wine (60809.sh)
H1, which meets expectations, strengthens the strength of the waist growth by 10 per cent over the same period. q2, which meets expectations. h1, which achieves an income of $16.43 billion in middle-priced alcohol by category, a 17.4 per cent increase over the same year.
In addition to the Qinghua series, this year the company strengthened the production of its waist, the Old White Shirts, the Panama series, which showed good performance, with other alcohol collecting $6.23 billion, 27.4 per cent more than the previous year, and q2 high-priced liquor camps, 4.57 billion more than 1.5 per cent more than the previous year, influenced by the size of the flower, and some 2.8 billion more.
This compares with an increase of 58.3 per cent in the same period, benefiting from the continuous optimization of market layout and the strengthening of the network of distributors. Regionally, revenues of $8.39 billion, or 11.4 per cent, were realized in the province of H1, or $14.47 billion outside the province, or 25.7 per cent, with faster growth, with steady breakthroughs in the south of the Yangtze River; q2
Q2 Māori has decreased by 2.7 pcts to 75.1% over the same period, mainly as a result of changes in product structure caused by alcohol control. At the cost end, the benefit management effectiveness has improved, the h1 rate has stabilized, the cost rate has decreased by 0.4 pct to 11.8% over the same period, and the cost rate has decreased by 0.11 pct to 11.8% over the same period q2 over the same period.
The company is now operating at a smooth pace, returning money at a normal pace, and in the second half of the year the company is expected to strengthen its integrated management of billions, roughly at the same level as last year (5.75 billion over the same period), with a more stable channel of confidence. For example, we expect that the products of the hip 2 will continue to perform well and will become annual operations.
Institutional investors should account for 15 times, 13 times and 11 times, respectively, and be less affected by mid-autumn end consumption. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.