Short-term adjustment of product structure, steady increase in the first half of the year - Shanxi Wine (60809.sh) incident evaluation report, 27 August 2024, mid-2024.
Sons@cfsc.com.cn produces less than expected profits and overall stable growth in the first half of the year. Cash flow performance is consistent with income rhythm, with sales returns falling in proportion to the same year.
Net cash flows from operating activities at 2024h1/2024q2 were $7,930/889 million, or +17.38 per cent/+27.36 per cent, respectively, and represented a more relevant share of alcohol income, with q2 having moderate control over the growth of the line and maintaining a virtuous section
Dorkstone is solid and the product area is dynamic, with a smaller drop in the share; the Panama series of old white platinum products with a higher rate of growth than the Sanxie Liquor (6008009): the Qing Lilong.
Quick, and at the same time q2 has been upgraded; the q2 is dominated by steady growth in control.
Disaggregated channels: 2024h1 direct sales (including group purchases)/agents/electrics platforms are receiving channel models that continue to evolve, while being optimized based on feedback from channels, maintaining healthy and benign conditions. Subregionally, 2024h1 is received separately from within/outside the province.
We've long seen the company lead the vanity of the fragrance with the vanity of its vanity, head-on growth, full-priced product rotation and steady growth, channel model, macroeconomic downside risk, 20 less growth than expected, gifted production progress.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.