+24%. Of this, q2 income is equal to +17%, and the mother ' s net profit is equal to +9.8%. q2 delivery rhythms change product structure: by product, 16.4 billion yuan was earned in the first half of the year for the high price of wine (cyan, Barnamagin, old white wine series), compared to 17.4%; and other alcohol revenues.
6230 million yuan, or +27.4 per cent, q2 +1.5 per cent for alcohol, other alcohol + 1.5 per cent for alcohol, the same amount for other alcohols, the rhythm of high and medium-priced wine, the Qinghua series slow down in the q2 season to secure the market, and the low price of alcohol + 1.5 per cent for the Q2 season.
The series is spread faster in the q2 light season to adapt to the low-season consumption patterns and open up empty markets. We expect both types of products to remain on a year-round marketing schedule.
q2 maintained a faster rate of out-of-provincial growth than within-provincial development: in the subregion, revenue in the first half of the year was $8.4 billion, or 11.4 per cent, compared with +11.4 per cent; in-provincial income was $14.3 billion, or +25.7 per cent, compared to 11.2 per cent in q2 and with 21.8 per cent in- and out-of-provincial income, with little change in trends and q1 relative to q1 in-provincial q2
q2 profitability fluctuations: 37% maternal net interest rate in the first half of the year; +1.3 pct; Māori ratio
As a result of these short-term deliveries, rather than a trend shift, we expect the Maori rate to be stable throughout the year. q2 The cost of sales has increased slightly over the same period, influenced by the speed of delivery and the rate of investment in advertising and marketing.
Investment proposal: corporate q2 quarter profits are lower than we expected, mainly because of inconsistent expectations and actual performances with respect to Māori rates, sales rates and changing trends, mainly as a result of short-term delivery tempos, and we maintain a robust annual income growth rate of 2024, with profits growing slightly faster than revenues.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Li-Jen, Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, more than seven years of experience in research on food beverages and other consumer goods.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.