It's a strong pressure response, it's stable, it's a huge amount of wine (60809.sh) and it's a steady price. 24q2, the company's revenue is $7,408 million.
\triangleright billion yuan, equal to +17.5 per cent: 4.567 billion yuan in white wine, equal to +1.5 per cent in the first half of the year.
The volume of goods delivered has increased substantially; the performance of the 20-packs of Saffron has remained stable, and the price of the Biennium has fallen slightly. Although the structure of the product has declined in the second quarter, it has also benefited from the advantages of having a mature single product at multiple prices, allowing companies to spread risks better and maintain market order.
The Māori ratio of the company in the second quarter was between 2.7 pct and 75.09 per cent (the ratio in the first half of the year was +0.39 pct to the south of the Yangtze River, where it continued to grow well, raising the proportion of the province. 24q2, the company ' s revenue was 2,797 million yuan, \triangleright
The central market in the south of the river is a strategic programme to optimize potential markets such as the long triangle and the bead triangle, raising the overall profile and achieving a steady breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze River. In the first half of the year, the share of corporate out-of-town income rose from 2.86 pct to 62.96%, with 4196 national cooperative distributors.
The sales cost rate is in a smooth period and the overall rate is slightly lower. 23q2, corporate taxes and surcharges are the same as Shanxi wine (600809.sh): health ratio-0.44 pct (per cent in the first half of the year-0.9 pct); sales cost ratio +0.47 pct (percent in the first half of the year-
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): Proactive promotion of ceremonial pleasures, positive improvement of the channel value chain and maintenance of the basis for stable tariff levels
\triangleright \the second half of the year.
Half-yearly, we think the market for some of the company's big single items is for the industry.
Risk factors: Unexpected recovery of business demand; increased competition in the industry; less than expected market opening; \triangleright, Golden House, 127 Zhenwumen Street, West Town, Beijing (b)
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic University, two years in law, economics, and two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry, followed by first-line sales in the Qingzhou cellar, Dukang, and the Shedd liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high liquor companies.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked and operated for two years in Saputu, the big dairy company.
Chan Lili, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University. Covers leisure food and chain styles (in-depth study of taste-free foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant work, trade-off foods, salt Xinlays, kwan-su-su food, Jing-chan food, etc.) and conducts in-depth research on petty food trafficking.
In 2023, she joined the Sinda Food and Beverage Group, which covers the white board.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and beverages (in-depth study of farmers’ springs) industries. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.