The same level of performance increased with the same rate of performance, and the "buy-in" rating was maintained.
The company reported a total operating income of 19.23 billion yuan in the first half of 2021, an increase of 23.4 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 1.94 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 60.7 per cent in the same year; a net profit of 1.930 billion yuan for the deduction of non-repatriation, an increase of 62.8 per cent in the same year. The company q2 achieved a net profit of 1.03 billion yuan for the mother, an increase of 13.7 per cent in the first half of the year.
The same-year-old growth was largely supported by a sharp rise in coal prices. Later on, the coal price resonance boosted the performance of coal, the price of coal symmetrically increased, the price of coal under the long-term agreement increased slightly, the sales of coal increased by the same amount, and the ratio of refined coal remained stable.
(g. + 10.9%), of which 7,480,000 tonnes were laundered (g. + 12.8%) and 42% were largely stable; coal sales were 14.9 million tonnes (g. + 21.1%), of which 78,82 million tonnes were refined (g.m./t. (g. + 10.5%) and the distribution of coal led the increase in the price of coal (g.+20.8%) and the average price of coal refined was higher (g. + 20.8%)
The price elasticity of the company ' s coal is not yet fully reflected, or due to delays in the price of the company ' s quarterly long-term agreement. The cost of coal is significantly higher as a result of the caliber adjustment. The cost of 2021h1 tons of coal is 361 yuan per ton (+30.9% per year), mainly due to freight and port charges.
The adjustment also reduced sales costs by $790 million (83.6 per cent over the same period). 50.5 per cent (compared to 6.8 per cent over the same period). A rough estimate of the impact of the cost calculus is that the actual ton of coal can amount to $421.
• Coal supply continues to tighten and push up coal prices, depending on the performance of the second half of the year.
Shortcomings are more difficult to mitigate: high-pressure conditions trapped in safety regulations at the end of the production area, policy cuts or continuing effects; coal release; the Acoal embargo will be further sustained, while the impact of the epidemic on Monco will be difficult to achieve an effective replacement.
Generations; 34 million tons of coal coal will be produced in Shandong during the year. Despite pressure from steel-controlled production downstream, the company-incidents assessment - cash acquisition group, considering that coal stocks are still low, will need to remain in place without changing the price of coal.
In response to market prices, the company has raised the three-quarterly JCMB’s average price by about $100 per ton, which will release its performance for the second half of the year. And, in the context of the change in Shanxi, the company is expected to gain further access to group quality asset injections to provide external drivers.
Corporate Incident Assessment Report - Change of name to Shanxi State and Consolidation of Coal Dragons