Coal in Shanxi (000983), net profit of mothers of $1.944 billion, an increase of 60.66 per cent over the same period, net profit after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses
Growth. The core reason is the double price of the coal plate, the firm ' s efforts to boost production during the first half of the year, the continued growth of coal sales and the high volatility of coal prices. During the reporting period, the company achieved 14.9 million tons of coal sales, an increase of 21.14 per cent over the same period; and a combined sale price of 724.97 yuan for commercial coal, which was created.
The price of fine coal rose by 14.42 per cent over the same period; the price of fine coal was 1234.97 yuan per tonne over the same period; and the price of lean fine coal, electricity heat, coke, and building blocks showed a different level of decline during the reporting period.
The company has accumulated 10.1 billion degrees of electricity generation, a decline of 1.94 per cent over the same period, and sales of 9.3 billion degrees over the same period, with a slight decline in the power heat, coke, and the Maori rate of the building materials business, with a decline of 12.47 per cent in electricity, 0.22 per cent in coke, and 1.03 per cent in construction materials.
The main reason for the poor performance of the block was the sharp increase in the price of coal as the main raw material, which led to a significant increase in costs, thus squeezing the profit margin and delaying the performance of the plate. The prices of the Association have risen, and q3 is expected to rise.
The Coal Price Index (CIPI) increased by 1.90% in the same year, with an increase of 1.02% in q1 in the same year, an increase of 14.82% in the Central Price Coal Price Index (CPI) and an increase of 10.32% in the Ring Price.
Coal prices have generally risen and are expected to be around $100/tonne. In addition, the active coal spot price (market price: power coal (q5500, Shanxi): the island of Qin) has been compared to the Sinda Securities Company Ltd. for the first half of the year.
The rise of 74.82% in the same year. With the continued increase in the prices of cokers and powered coals, three quarters of cindasecuritiesco., ltd is expected to continue to grow significantly in the same and ring comparison.
There's a constant demand for the 9th Palace Building on the west corner of Beijing City, and the mine is more and more vulnerable, and there are restrictions on the import of Australian coal and the withdrawal of Shandong from coal.
Catalysed by factors such as production capacity, supply remains tight, supply and demand tensions are difficult to mitigate effectively in the short term, and risk factors are: uncertainty in Australia's coal import policy, risk of impairment of assets, high coal prices, Dr. Ming Left, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineers, and serving as Ninda Energy in China
Member of the Board of Experts of the Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for over 10 years, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
From 2019 to the present, he was in charge of research on the coal sector, and the China People's University, in May 2017, carried out research on the coal sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.