Injection of assets into the next city, the coal-coal taps go ahead. Event: Fire Coals in Shanxi released "Signing shares and paying cash to buy assets and collecting ancillary funds and connections.
It is announced that the company intends to purchase 51% of the separable-carryed-coal stock held by the Coal Group by issuing shares and paying cash, 49% of the stock held by Li Jinyu and Gao Jianping together. The value of the transaction is to be combined by issuing shares and paying cash, with a percentage to be determined.
The trading parties agreed in the supplementary agreement, which will be disclosed in the reorganization report.
Quality coal resources, 159.60 square kilometres of well fields, 2,319 million tons of geological reserves, designed to produce 11.9 million tonnes/year (5 million tonnes/year, 3 million tonnes/year, 3 million tonnes/year) of sarcophagus mines, 900,000 tonnes/year of ginning mines.
Predicted “two zones one” conservation development resource with coal grown mainly in low ash, low sulfur, very low phosphorus, high heat, high sticky main coal.
By the end of 2020, coal resources in Shanxi would be 4,616 million tons, with an authorized capacity of 37.8 million tons, with an increase of 2,319 million tons after the acquisition, with a combination of shares and cash payments, to be made by the parties to the transaction.
They are negotiated in the supplementary agreement and will be disclosed in the reorganization report. Under the Reorganization Management Scheme, the price of shares issued by listed companies may not be lower than 90% of the average value of shares traded by listed companies at the market reference price) and the issue of shares and payment of cash purchases.
In April 2019, Shanxi Province called for a province-wide conference to deepen the restructuring of state-owned enterprises, suggesting that it would be better to use the company to live and strengthen the city.
In April 2020, Shanxi Province convened a special conference of provincial state enterprises to raise the rate of securitization of assets, encourage groups of enterprises in a position to do so to inject assets into the public administration, and make clear the requirements for the rate of securitization of assets of provincial state-owned enterprises.
The time node is both the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan and the key year for the implementation of the Three-Year Plan of Action for the Reform of the State Enterprise in Shanxi (2020-2022). The year 2021 was the first three-year “start-out” of the Sanxi Coal Group's strategic plan “Three Three Three Steps”
During the Year of Promotion, resource restructuring was the main thrust of the “new coal”, guided by the concept of resource asset capitalization, asset capitalization, capital securitization and the use of listed corporate platforms to promote the integration and specialization of coal resources.
The rate of conversion has been further increased.
Itd has become more aggressive, with a combination of restrictions on the import of Australian coal and the withdrawal of Shandong from coal production, and the supply continues.
In the short term, supply and demand tensions are unlikely to ease effectively, and the price of coal refined is expected to remain strong. Without taking into account the injection of assets, we expect the 2021-2023 harvest of coal in Shanxi and the subsequent injection of assets into space to maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating.
Risk factors: uncertainty in Australia's coal import policy, risk of impairment of assets, large coal prices \triangleright, Dr. D., China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, also serving as Sunda Energy, China
Member of the Board of Experts of the Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for over 10 years, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
From 2019 to the present, he was in charge of research on the coal sector, and the China People's University, in May 2017, carried out research on the coal sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.