Company evaluation study — Coal industry, 0608/2021.
(i) The volume of coal sold rose substantially, with assets injected into higher performance. During the first half of 2021, companies achieved business income of $19.23 billion, an increase of 23.37 per cent over the same period; the public sector realized a net profit of $1.94 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 60.66 per cent over the previous year.
The reasons for the steady and high growth in the performance of the Division include: 1) the price of coal sales has risen substantially. 2021h1, the company ' s original coal production was 1.97 million tons, an increase of 10.9 per cent over the same period; in the same period, the volume of coal sold in commodities was 14.9 million tons, an increase of 21.1 per cent over the same period; and in terms of prices, the combined price of coal sold in the 2021h1 company was $725 per ton, an increase over the same period.
10.5% supply and demand patterns in the coal industry remain tight: supply is tight in the main production area, some coal mines have been shut down due to security pressures, imports are low, Australian coal imports are slow to remain zero, monsoon coal has been affected by customs clearance, supply-side contraction has remained constant; demand levels have increased steadily and the price of coal has been innovative.)
At the end of 2020, the company acquired the water and coal industry, which increased by 224.2% from the year in which it returned to its mother, and the coal industry, which increased by 173.8% from the year in which it earned 20.24% from the first half of the year.
(ii) Resource, location, customer advantage, and consolidation of industry leaders The company has a number of advantages, creating natural barriers to business: 1) resource advantages: high reserves in the company's mining areas, stable coal-beds, simple mining conditions, full-quality coal varieties; 2) zone advantage
The company's mining areas are located at the base of the country's large coal planning base, supply side reforms and the strategic westward shift of the country's coal production layout, as well as the concentration of large steel plants in the central and western parts of the country to the east coast, and transport bottlenecks are breaking, with Shanxi gaining significant resource and location advantages.
Historical development opportunities. 3) Client advantage: Companies have long-term strategic partnerships with a number of large steel companies, with stable markets.
The overall climate in the coal industry remains high, corporate performance will rise on a quarterly basis, and state-owned reforms are advancing on the fundamentals of the company’s long-term performance, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Companies face an over-expected decline in coal prices, changes in industrial policies, and reforms in state-owned enterprises.
Figure 1: Coal operating income and year-on-year increase in Shanxi Coal net profit return and year-on-year increase in Shanxi Coal liability and total asset turnover
Figure 3: Māori, three rates and net interest rates for sales of coal in Shanxi. Figure 5: Roe, Roa personally committed himself to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects his research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.