A company evaluation study — the coal industry — planned for the acquisition of “China's Treasure” Chinese Jinko Coal, which is listed as a whole.
On the evening of 8 August, Shanxi Coal (000983), the company announced that it was planning to purchase 51% of the stock held by the company's controlling shareholder, Shanxi Coal, by issuing shares and paying cash, while collecting matching funds.
the company ' s shares will cease to be marketed on 9 August 2021 and are expected to be disclosed within 10 trading days, unless the board of directors is convened to consider and disclose the scheme within the above-mentioned period. ]
On August 23, the market re-opened and the planning closed. 2. Our analysis and judgment is that (i) China’s coal resources are unique, and this acquisition is expected to make a difference.
China Jinko Coal was established in 1992 by the former National Planning Commission, the Ministry of Energy and the Shanxi Provincial Government as a large State-owned major coal production enterprise, mainly to develop and build coal fields in Shanxi River.
The area is 512.9 square kilometres, with a geological reserve of 7,681 million tons and a mine of 3,501 million tons, and the coal is mainly low ash, low sulfur, and coal.
High-quality primary coal with very low phosphorus, high heat, and strong viscosity. 180 square kilometres of well fields in the rural areas, with a geological reserve of 2,342 million tons, with 1,036 million tons of recoverable coal, mainly of medium ash, low sulfur, and very low-phosphorus, are excellently cokered.
As of the end of 2020, Shanxi Coal (000983), a listed company, had an approved capacity of 3,935,000 tonnes.
With 11.4 million tons of authorized capacity, this acquisition could increase the overall capacity of the public department to 50.570 million tons, an increase of 28.9%, and increase competitiveness further. China’s strategic plan for the “three three steps in three years” of coal will be implemented carefully.
In the first half of 2021, China produced 4.51 million tons of primary coal, which is 104.89 per cent of the plan; the production of 2,675,000 tons of refined coal, which is 104 per cent of the plan, performed well beyond expectations, and managed to achieve a “half-time” report card.
China’s coal production of 87.3 million tons, operating revenue of $5.94 billion and net profit of $710 billion. So, if it is successfully integrated into Shanxi coal, it will significantly boost the company’s (ii) group’s expected speed of listing, which is still to be expected in the future.
In December 2020, the company announced a total of 389 million tons of coal and 6,333 million yuan in shares held by the acquisition group in the water and coal industry (coal, coal, coal, coal, coal).
With a combined capacity of 4.2 million tons, which represents 17% of the current capacity of listed companies, this acquisition is the first time a company has acquired a mature mine from a consortium since it was listed, raising the company’s continued profitability and growth expectations. Coal competition with corporate partners in Shanxi needs to be resolved, with total asset injections expected to generate two to three times the capacity of a company. Group output is about two to three times that of listed companies.
2.5-3 times the current low level of securitization of group assets, and the solution to the problem of peer competition is that, after removing policy barriers, the group’s remaining assets will gradually be injected into the market platform. This planned acquisition of Chinese sprang coal represents the pace of the group’s overall listing, and there are expectations that assets will continue to be injected in the future.
With resources, location, and customer advantage, the coal is becoming more and more powerful. To benefit from the overall climate of the coal industry, the company’s performance will increase on a quarterly basis, and the state’s reforms will accelerate, with the group’s task of building a coal-fired flagship. Given the company’s resource advantages in the coal industry, and its role as a leader in the coal industry.
When the dollar is collected, the corresponding dynamic market gains are 8.5 x, 7.9 x, 7.2 x, and we appreciate the company’s long-term performance, which faces the risk of a higher than expected decline in coal prices, changes in industrial policy, and changes in State enterprises than expected. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a diligent approach.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.