The company's forward growth is expected.
On 19 August, the company issued a major asset restructuring plan to purchase 51 per cent of the share of Chinese Jinko Coal and 49 per cent of the Ming Ju Coal industry (the remaining 51 per cent of the share is held by Chinese Jin Ja Coal), a key step in accelerating the process of asset securitization in the context of the transformation of Shanxi State, in line with the province's efforts to accelerate the process of securitization.
The company will benefit fully from the growth of the policy orientation of the corporate group as a whole. With the injection of assets into the group’s core coal-fired assets, which are subject to acquisition, it is expected that the company’s performance will increase.
(Main coal coke) and silting mines (Linous coal): The main coal species from the willow mines are characterized by low ash, low sulfur, very low phosphorus, high heat, strong glue, and are scarcely high-quality primary coal; the main coal species from the rural mines are medium ash, low sulfur, and very low-phosphorus thin coal, which is high-quality coalized coal. Four of the existing coal mines, including the main coal mine, are Chinese ash, low sulfur, and very low-phosphorus.
Saxu 1 (5 million tons), Saxu 2 (3 million tons), with coke mines: Gjinning mine (3 million tons, 51 per cent holding shares), Ming Ju mine (9 million tons, 51 per cent holding shares), with a combined capacity of 11.9 million tons, with an equity capacity of 99.9 million tons belonging to Chinese coal, and 576 tons belonging to Shanxi after the acquisition.
The company will increase its authorized/equity capacity by 33/17%, respectively, to further consolidate the coal-coalin power.
"The company reports on the performance of the company - a high-valued performance " , addressed to the shareholders of the coal cartel and natural persons in the bead industry at a price of not less than $6.21/equity and a lock for a regular period of 36 months; and the collection of matching funds: targeted increases of no more than 30 per cent of the total equity, issued through a request for quotations.
It is determined that locks are fixed for a regular period of six months. The current asset assessment process is not complete, and asset pricing is yet to be further determined.
As of 2021q1, only 21% of the group ' s assets were securitized, with tight supply, waiting for coal to be released. The group ' s total capacity was 10.775 million tons, based on coal capacity.
64.775 million tons (64.3 per cent) of production capacity is not securitized and includes core assets such as mining and coal power in the state of Hao.
Figure 1: A map of the structure of the stockholdings of the Shanxi Coal Group held 51 per cent of the shareholding of the tiles prior to the acquisition