China's petrochemicals released the company's 2023q1 report on April 27, 2023.
2023q1 recorded a steady growth in business income of $79,131 million, compared to 1. " China PIC rating: high dividends and strong corporate capital! " , with an increase of 7.4 per cent in tonnes, year-on-year, and a significant recovery in domestic demand as travel takes place.
The demand for finished oils continues to rise, reaching 3,234.1 million tons in March, reaching nearly four years. 2. " Strong and performing defence assets - China ' s petrochemical first cover " , since its peak, China ' s largest national production and marketing network for finished oils.
The scarcity of crude oil and natural gas production are 6,949 million barrels and 3,30.5 billion cubic feet, respectively.
At the same time, the demand for chemical products, which have been under pressure for 22 years, is gradually recovering, and the company ' s future performance in the chemical industry is expected to be sustained.The average price of special crude oil is approximately $82.48 per barrel, and oil prices are expected to be maintained throughout the year 2023.
At the same time, Opec+ announced a reduction in production of 1.65 million barrels per day, with a limited increase in United States crude oil production and a near-term end in storage. At the same time, the demand for crude oil will continue to warm, or hedge, along with the global recovery.
Prospective European-American recession concerns that future oil price hubs will either sustain medium-high zone shocks, which will have a positive impact on corporate performance.
We believe that, while crude oil prices remain at a sound centre, firm profitability is more certain than (a) the supply and demand of crude oil is abnormally disturbed; (b) the price of finished oil is at risk of liberalization; (c) the risk of changing business cycles (: 4) the risk of offshore operations: (v) the risk of accidents:
1. The advantages of a largely scarce refined oil asset highlight the fact that on 27 April 2023, China ' s petrochemicals released the company ' s 2023q1 report, which recorded a steady growth in its performance of 2023q1 and an increase in operating income of 79.131 billion yuan, an increase of 2.59 per cent in the same year; and a decrease in the net return to the mother of 20.102 billion yuan in the same year.
Retail sales of the company ' s finished oils were stable, with 2,923.6 million tons of finished oil retailed, representing an increase of 7.4 per cent over the same period.
Upstream production by companies increased steadily in the first quarter, with crude oil production by 2023q1 and natural gas production by 6,949 million barrels and 3305 barrels, respectively, of which expenditure on exploration production capital was 74.4 billion yuan, down 10.68 per cent from the same period, and remained at a high level, with upstream assets of companies maintaining high levels of exploration and exploitation.
In 2023, the company ' s crude oil and natural gas production guidelines were 2.8 million barrels and 1.29 megacreas, respectively, respectively, with a marked recovery in the intensity of residential travel, a strong pull-in in 2023, a strong recovery in demand for finished oil, a 62.24 million tons of crude oil processed and 1516/1558.56 million tons of diesel/ gasoline/ceramic oil produced, respectively, with a corresponding decrease in demand for finished oil.
The planned production of 146 million tons of finished oil, an increase of 4.17 per cent over the same period, continued to be repaired in 2023 with the price gap for diesel fracking. Since 2023, it has been accompanied by a rebound in crude oil prices and a steady recovery in end demand, with gradual shocks remaining high, with the price gap for gas fracking remaining at 1167.82 as of 25 April 2023.
Euros/tonnes, with a price difference of 1398.91 ton for diesel fracking. The price gap for diesel fracking continues to be repaired, the company ' s refining operations will continue, the company ' s oil price hub 3 and the firm ' s performance is highly uncertain The average price of special crude oil is approximately $82.48 per barrel, and oil prices are expected to maintain a medium-high tremor throughout 2023, and the stock capacity industry is expected to maintain a medium-high concussion.
At present, international crude oil supply is tight, opc+ has announced a voluntary reduction of 1.65 million barrels per day, US crude oil production increases are limited, and the US will continue to replenish its reserves after the last release of 26 million barrels in 2023q2. Meanwhile, with the sustained robustness of Europe and America, Asia and the Pacific is recovering, and the demand for crude oil will probably continue to warm.
The future oil price hub is or will be sustained at a medium or higher level, and the company’s future performance is more certain.1 The supply of and demand for crude oil is disturbed by geo-political events such as the changing situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of Iran’s nuclear agreement and the lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, or by uncertainty at the end of the supply side, while oil prices remain high and oil companies can modify their production plans.
Capability, the possibility of further increasing reserves in the United States of America has led to an increase in the short-term marginal supply of crude oil, with the United States Federal Reserve increasing interest rates or driving a strong dollar index, which is usually a negative trend in crude oil prices, assuming that the Fed increases interest rates or disturbs crude oil prices.
The risk of liberalization of the price of finished oils: if the price of finished oil is liberalized and converted to market-based pricing, there is a risk of frequent fluctuations in the price of gasoline and diesel fuel, increased competition in the market, China's petrochemical and China's monopoly position on the sale of finished oils, and the risk of changes in the industry cycle: the company's operating income comes mainly from the sale of finished oils and petrochemicals.
(d) Risks in offshore operations: companies are engaged in offshore oil and gas exploration and exploitation, refining, etc., and offshore operations and assets are governed by the laws and regulations of the host country. There are international geopolitical changes, exclusion from regional trading blocs, and trade and trade questions.
(b) Exchange rate risk: global crude oil prices are predominantly in United States dollars and companies also have assets in overseas markets, but not public.
Divisional financial statements are usually expressed in the renminbi if there is a significant fluctuation in the exchange rate between the renminbi and the United States dollar, or if there is a transfer of money to the company ' s performance