23q1 performance ring improvement, with a mid-point valuation expected to increase continuously Events: 27 April 2023, China ' s petrochemicals released the first quarter of 2023. \triangleright 2023
The net profit of 23q1 was $20.102 billion, compared to the \triangleright exploration and exploitation: a small increase in oil and gas production and an increase in pre-tax profits.
Qualitative exploration, focusing on resources, increased reserves, expanded mine rights, enhanced risk exploration in new areas of the new zone, leading to important breakthroughs in oil and gas exploration in the areas of Shobei, Chuanbei, Ziyang, etc., and, in the area of exploitation, active promotion of crude oil production capacity such as Shobei and Ta. 23q1, the company's oil and gas equivalent production was 124.6 million barrels of oil equivalent, a year-on-year increase.
2.6 per cent. Of this total, 6,949 million barrels of crude oil were produced, an increase of 0.6 per cent over the same period, and 3,304.7 billion cubic metres of natural gas were produced.
The production of petrol, diesel and kerosene was reduced by 8.0 per cent, 0.9 per cent, 27.1 per cent and the combined production of finished oils by 37.3 million tons, respectively, and remained essentially the same as in the same period last year.
Review: Performance declines, followed by demand recovery + higher procurement costs, with a profit of $10,459 million before taxes on the company ' s refined plates in one quarter, compared to 2. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) tri-quarter reporting points in 2022
Marketing and distribution: Harnessing the one-size-fits-all advantage of production and marketing, with a slight decline in pre-tax profits. In the first quarter of 2023, the company 3. China ' s petrochemical (600028.sh) semi-annual 2022 reporting points achieved greater integration of resources and greater market expansion through the use of the advantages of integrated production and marketing networks.
4. China ' s petrochemicals (600028.sh) report for 2021: high performance growth, with a high dividends rate highlighting the value of the company ' s investments - 20
Investment proposals: With the recovery of domestic demand, the profitability of corporate refining operations is expected to improve, and corporate valuation is expected to be raised in the context of the country’s efforts to further reform the country’s economy and to improve the system of valuation of China’s characteristics
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective production, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or opinions in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.