#Integration # dividends are high #
▪ Events: 2023q1, the company achieved business income of 791.331 billion yuan, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year, a decline of 9 per cent in the ring ratio; net profit return of 20.102 billion yuan, a decrease of 12 per cent in the same year and an increase of 108 per cent in the ring; crude oil prices were wide-banded and domestic demand for finished oil rebounded at a high rate. International crude oil prices 2023q1
Broadband concussions, average price of tar at $82.10 per barrel, 7 per cent decline in ring ratio, domestic demand for finished oils Rapid rebounds, companies take advantage of integrated production and marketing networks to promote non-oil operations Rapid ups, 2023q1 company realizes pre-tax profits of $8.475 billion on marketing and distribution plates, and finished products
Total oil sales were 56.16 million tons, an increase of 10.1 per cent compared to the previous year. • The scale of productive output was expanded, and the positive results of the steady increase in oil and gas were remarkable.
In terms of development, the company speeded up the construction of crude oil production capacity such as Shobei, Ta River, and natural gas production capacity such as Kawasai and Chuan-southeast to raise the profitability of the entire industrial chain. 2023q1, the company's profits from exploration and exploitation of plates were $13,357 million before tax, and the oil and gas equivalent was 124.6 million barrels.
▪ Optimizing production to maintain high load operations and maximizing the benefits of the industrial chain. 2023q1, the company refined oil plates to achieve a pre-tax profit of $10,459 million and crude oil processing of 62.24 million tons, which is a decline in comparison with the same period.
China ' s petrochemicals (600028): Profitability – constantly adjusting the structure of the product industry and continuously repairing the chemical panels. Faced with weak demand for chemical products, 10 billion more clean energy +
Adverse factors such as softness, rising prices for raw materials, and companies’ constant restructuring of chemical products, increasing production of high-value-added products such as photovoltaic-grade eva and shundine rubber, reducing production of marginal contribution products, and continuing renovation of chemical panels are profitable. With the country’s economic upturn in 2023, demand for chemical products is expected to pick up.
In the wake of the epidemic, the recovery of the economy led to a rebound in the demand for finished oil, and the growth of the company's performance in 2023-2025, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The three major financial forecasts for petrochemicals in China have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.