Fluorine industry performance has been detected, short-term shocks have long been positive for the fluorinated industry Giant shares (600160.sh) 29 October 2020
• Downward fluorine industry, same-slash corporate performance, no pessimism at the bottom of the cycle, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings, low end demand, downside industry, first three quarters of 2020, company revenue of $10.011 billion, etc., benefit from receipt of government subsidies, other out-of-service earnings, and a single quarter net return by the company
Two hundred and fifty-nine hundred thousand yuan (same as -86.31 per cent) and q3 are in line with our expectations. We believe that short-term shocks have largely exposed the performance of the fluorinated industry and that companies will maintain a high level of operating capacity and endogenous benefits. Since 2020, the cycle of the industrial chain has been hampered by the ncp epidemic and the downside of the economy.
The company ' s prices of refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, fluorinated fine chemicals, etc. have declined significantly, and the industry has entered a low profile.In the first three quarters of 2020, according to data from the Beichuan moor, in the first three quarters of 2020, refrigerants r22, r32, r134a, Zhang ' s output, steady operation: according to company announcements, hfcs, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals external sales score
In the medium-to-long term, we see that the company will maintain a high level of operating power and endogenous efficiency, and that it is expected to emerge from the reverse, leading in the future to a reversal of the fluorinated industry’s climate cycle. • The proposed acquisition of 20% of zirconium equity, and the return on investment will significantly improve performance
Company Information Update - Acquisition of 20% Chelmide, 18 September. The company intends to purchase 20% of zirconium equity held in mega-investments in the form of equity and cash payments; Equity, the return on investment will significantly improve performance -
At the same time, it is proposed to raise matching funds from no more than 35 selected investors.
Shareholders. When we look at the acquisition of 20% of zirconium equity, the return on investment will significantly improve the performance of mega-stocks.
Recovering, with the prospect of turning back.