The acquisition of 20 per cent of zolpidem shares, and the return on investment will significantly improve performance.
• The company intends to buy 20 per cent of the sequestered shares, which will be reinstated on October 13th, maintaining the “buy-in” rating, and the company intends to buy 20 per cent of the zirconized shares for a major asset reorganization, which has been suspended since September 21 and is about to resume on October 13th. Since 2020, affected by the ncp epidemic and the downside of the economy, all right.
The supply chain cycle of the industrial chain has been hampered, and the company ' s refrigerants, fluorinated raw materials, basic chemical products, etc. . Giant shares will become the second largest single shareholder, and the company ' s performance is expected to improve significantly. On 18 September, the company intends to acquire 20 per cent of the sequestered equity held in mega-investments in both the form of equity and cash payments;
At the same time, the company plans to raise matching funds from no more than 35 specific investors. This transaction will easily constitute a major asset reorganization, a related transaction, and will not result in a change in the actual control of the company.
20 million tons of crude oil processed annually by the project, 5.2 million tons of aromatic hydrocarbons and 1.4 million tons of ethylene per year, were completed by the end of December 2019. According to the Promulgation Proclamation, by the end of June 2020, the total assets and net capital of carbide were $15,091, 44,903 million, and 2020h1, the net profit from carbide was 275.41, and the net profit was 275.41, respectively.
Prior to this acquisition, four shareholders in zolpidem were in the areas of Pulse petrochemicals, mega-investments, Kryon-kun investments, and Chuan-Chung-chung, with 51%, 20%, 20%, and 9% respectively. If a mega-equity acquisition is desirable, the latter will become the second largest shareholder after Pulse-Pulse investments.
The return on investment will significantly improve the performance of the mega-stocks after the acquisition of 20% of the stake in petrochemicals.
The company ' s refrigeration industry is well-structured, with significant cost and matching advantages, and a healthy financial structure. In the context of the fluorinated industry ' s robust operation, stagnating with the fluorinated industry ' s climate recovery, the company ' s down-cycle is expanding in reverse through capacity-deeping, energy-saving emission reductions, drops, structural optimization, etc.
We look forward to a collaborative development of the company’s industrial chain, with long-term high levels of operational capacity and the built-in benefits of the Corporate Information Updates-Silent cyclical landscape, and hope to emerge from the reverse, leading in the future to a recovery in the fluorine industry.
Recovering, the leader is expected to turn back and forth - Corporate Information Update - Downward, still growing production and sales, waiting for the leader to lead the cycle.