Mechanical team, performance forecast meets expectations. Watch the company's profits.
1. China Ship Company Review: a slight decline in performance over 22 years, with a high value of approximately $670 million, mainly non-monetary from the disposal of seawork platforms by subsidiaries of companies 2. China Ship Depth Study: Start of the new ship-building cycle, China ship-led
In the first half of the year, China’s three main indicators for shipbuilding increased across the same time period, with greater certainty over the course of the cycle. According to the Chinese Association of Shipping, 1h23 ships were completed at a capacity of 2,1.13 million tons, and the same amount of money was spent on shipbuilding at the same time.
This represents an increase of 14.2 per cent; new orders amounting to 37.67 million tons, a 67.7 per cent increase over the same period, and our monthly shipbuilding, new orders and hand-held orders, which account for 49.6 per cent, 72.6 per cent and 53.2 per cent of the world total, respectively, in the first place in the world.
Increased emissions reduction requirements for the metc80 meeting are expected to give further impetus to the need for ship replacement.imo greenhouse gas (hg) emissions reductions from ships in 2023 in July increased greenhouse gas emissions from shipping, with a proposal to achieve zero net greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or around that year.
The reduction target of 70% below the previous global shipping carbon intensity index of 2050 in 2008 continues to tighten. The ageing of ships and the further catalyticization of decarbonization policies are expected to sustain the upward trend in the demand for new ships.
Ship-building prices have increased + steel prices have continued to fall, and the company’s future profitability has continued to improve. Ship-building has been on the rise for about two years, with the price of new ships rising continuously since q1 in 21 years, and according to the Clarkson Index, the global price index for new ships reached 170.9 in June, compared to 5.8 per cent.
The average price of the 20mm shipboard in Shanghai fell by 18.0% on a year-on-year basis. The price of the ship was different from the price of the steel scissors.
Ship orders are released, leading to a sustained increase in corporate profits. Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings Volatile prices of raw materials, exchange rate fluctuations in the renminbi, slower than expected growth of new orders, carbon loss
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market, within one month, within two months, and within three months.