The Medical Health Research Centre has continued to record high performance, with the ophthalmology in the period of gold development. The company issued its annual report for 2018. The performance of the company has been consistent with expectations and sustained high growth.
Revenues of $8.01 billion increased by 34.31 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to listed companies were achieved in 2018; the company issued its first quarterly report in 2019, with higher profit expectations and a higher growth trend. In 2019, the q1 Department achieved revenue of $2.24 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent in the same year; and 2019q1 was attributed to listed companies ' shares.
Net East profit of $299 million, an increase of 37.8 per cent over the same year The company ' s performance continued to grow at a high rate throughout 2018, excluding offshore co-exist factors, with strong endogenous growth.
The business sectors have maintained a robust growth trend, with a strong development of the khore business. The performance of the Māori ophthalmology in 2018 was quickly evaluated, with a slight increase, and the scale effect and consumption escalation have led to an optimizing business income structure.
2. The three-quarters performance continued to grow at a high rate of internal growth The old company hospitals continued to grow at a rapid rate in 2018, releasing profits during maturity; the new hospital occupancy ratio increased, the old and the new hospitals developed a virtuous circle and the sank model was validated.
With the help of the M & A fund, outside the corporate system, 3. "New and old hospitals are developing into a virtuous circle, built up inside and out of the hospital stock, and with the orderly injection of in vitro projects, the growth path of the company has been fully validated.
Companies have traditionally focused on building science and research platforms and developing talent, and well-developed medium- and long-term incentives have played an important role in supporting the company’s rapid chain-run expansion. In 2019, q1 profits were over-expected, with high growth rates continuing.
In 2018, the growth of the company ' s business portfolio was good, and in 2019 the company continued to upgrade its core business of dredging, visual light, cataracts, etc., and its combined strength continued to grow. With the growing size of the battalion, the company ' s branding influence continued to grow, and the competitive edge of the core business was strong.
The number of consultations continues to rise, and the growth of the internal population continues to be positive. We keep looking at El ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities, while looking at the future of the company as it continues to revolve around ophthalmology (8621) 60230221.
Specialized businesses create ecological platforms that serve national eye health management. We expect the company to have a net profit of 1.346 billion in 2019, 1.8 billion in 2021, and 2.40 billion in comparison to Ps.
1. The company issued annual reports for 2018. The company achieved revenue of $8.01 billion in 2018, 34.31 per cent more than in 2018, and the net profit of the shareholders of the listed company of $1.01 billion more than in 2018.
▪ 2. The company issued a quarterly report in 2019, with profits exceeding expectations and high growth trends continuing. In 2019, q1 achieved revenue of $2.24 billion, an increase of 28.5 per cent, and 2019q1, a net profit of $299 million, an increase of 37.8 per cent.
Event one: The release of the 2018 annual report, with performance in line with expectations and sustained high growth. 1. 2018 year-round corporate performance maintained high growth rates with strong internal growth.  clinic and surgical growth maintained steady growth. During the reporting period, companies achieved 5,736,000 outpatients.
Out of overseas M&As, domestic growth is still strong. We expect a robust growth of business portfolios at the end of the internal income line to be around the same level of growth.
The main reasons for the high growth in kurning (32 per cent over the same period last year) are: 1) the increase in the volume of high-end operations in the domestic market due to the increase in the ratio of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds and icl: 2) the increase in the scale of operations in Europe, resulting from the expansion of the clínicabaviera.s.a.
▪ Cataract surgery reached 1.54 billion, an increase of 9 per cent in the same year, and a decrease in the share of the main business to 19 per cent (24 per cent in the same period last year). The main reasons for the slowdown in the growth of cataract operations are: the transition to an integrated health care policy for urban residents in the country and for rural cooperative medical care, and the optimization of health care in some provinces and districts.
With structural effects, there has been a gradual slowdown in the growth rate of cataract operations. The increase in high-end multi-focal crystals, flying-second cataracts, etc., needs to be further scaled up.
Visual services reached 1.48 billion yuan, an increase of 26 per cent compared to the previous year. Qualitative surgery, cataract surgery, immediate surgery, back-of-the-eye surgery, visual services, other projects accounted for 35 per cent, 19 per cent, 12 per cent, 7 per cent, 18 per cent, respectively, of El ophthalmology income in the first half of 2018.
The Māori rate rose slightly in 2018, and the scale effect and consumption escalation led to a downward trend in the income structure of the sighting business  The Māori rate for the company reached 47 per cent in 2018, an increase of 0.7 percentage points in the same year.
4. The company ' s old hospitals continue to grow at a rapid rate of internal growth, releasing profits during maturity; the proportion of new hospitals has risen, the healthy cycle of new and old hospitals has developed, and the downswing of the class-based treatment model has been demonstrated.
In 2018, the company's top seven front door shops made a combined contribution of $1.97 billion (youy = 17 per cent), net return to the mother  The revenue and profit ratio of the company's seven core hospitals has been declining year by year from year to year from year from year to year from year to year from year from year to year from year to year from year to year from year to year from year to year from year to year from year from year to year, to year from year to year from year to year, to the virtuous circle of the development of old and new hospitals, through a chain-of-stage model.
In 2018, the Chang Sha ' ail income end hospital grew by 22 per cent (established in December 2004), the profit end by 17 per cent (established in July 2003) and the profit end by 15 per cent, and the profit end by 19 per cent (established in December 2002) and the profit end by 23 per cent.
▪ An increase of 16 per cent on the income side of Yang Yille (established in September 2003); an increase of 81 per cent on the profit side; an increase of 18 per cent on the income side of Yinghu Yill (established in September 2004); an increase of 2 per cent on the profit side; an increase of 20 per cent on the income of Chongqing Yill (established in July 2006) and an increase of 11 per cent on the profit side.
▪ Shen Yang-il grew by 11% (merger and purchase in July 2007) and profit by 22%.
With the help of the M & A fund, the company’s system’s external medical institution is well-stocked, and the orderly injection of in vitro projects has enabled the company’s growth path to be fully validated.
55 per cent of the city's Ele, 31 per cent of the city's triads and 81 per cent of the city's stock. New hospitals have been built, such as Ning Town, Pingxia, Silvera, Shenyang-il, Shen Yang-El, Shen Yang-il, Huang Po-il, Guangzhou.
6. The company has traditionally focused on building and developing the talent of science and research platforms, and well-developed medium- and long-term incentives have been instrumental in the rapid extension of the Department ' s chain of replication.
During the reporting period, the company, on the basis of “two houses, two stations”, was granted a new operating base for the Hunan Province Science and Technology Association, “Heige Plan El ophthalmology Hospital Group”, which will open up new avenues for the company to gain access to overseas intelligence and to attract high-end projects abroad; and a new “Radio Research” was established.
The influence of the ophthalmology community at the national and international levels is growing. • During the reporting period, with the formation of a long-term interest community, companies achieved better incentives. • During the reporting period, companies implemented partnership schemes and expanded partnerships, not only on a continuous basis.
At the same time, the company’s multi-layered incentive program has entered the harvest period, with the company’s six-phased equity options scheduled to be completed on May 5, 2018, and restricted stocks in 2016.
Incentives are granted for the first time to phase II and pre-encumbrance to phase I, and partnership schemes and provincial partnership schemes are implemented to provide incentives for some of the hospital partners.
In recent days, 18 departments, such as the National Development Reform Commission, have jointly issued the Action Programme for Strengthening the Promotion of the Quality of Public Services in the Social Sector and the Quality of the Short and Weak Quantities for the Development of a Strong Domestic Market. The paper proposes to support social forces in their efforts to deepen the 12 sub-services, including ophthalmology.
It was noted that local implementation of the cross-cutting and comprehensive process approval guidelines for the social services will be promoted, and that streamlining of the approval process is expected to enhance the efficiency of the expansion and replication of ophthalmological specialist care. Incident two: the release of the first quarterly report in 2019, the continuation of a high growth trend, and higher profit margins.
q1 maintained a high growth trend in 2019, with profits exceeding expectations The company achieved revenues of 2.24 billion yuan per annum increased by 28.5 per cent in the same year: 219 q1 became attributable to the net profits of shareholders of listed companies of 299 million yuan, an increase of 37.8 per cent in the same year.
▪ We expect q1 to continue its development for 2018 in 2019, with good growth in the company’s business portfolios, and continuous upgrading of the company’s medical technology in 2019 in core business such as kurning, vision, cataracts, and so on. As business expands, the company’s brand has continued to grow in influence.
The core business has a strong competitive edge, and the number of consultations continues to rise. Out of overseas business, we expect that growth within the company will remain positive.
During the reporting period, companies focused on market promotion and innovative R & D, although the cost rate rose slightly over the period, with a scale effect, raising the overall net profit rate by 1%.  We keep looking at El ophthalmology's ability to replicate differently, while looking at the future.
(b) Specializing in the development of ecological platforms to serve national ophthalmological health management: billions of dollars, 2.4 billion dollars, equivalent to eps 0.57, 0.76 and $101 respectively, to maintain the “buy-in” risk of medical problems; the risk of network sinking; the risk of medical accidents; and the risk of goodwill impairment;
Risk of delayed injection from the M&A Foundation hospital; lower than expected risk of construction of county hospitals. Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged final rating as average market investment