The 18th and 1st editions of the 19th year of El ophthalmology.
This represents an increase of 34.31 per cent over the same period. Realization of net profits attributable to parent companies amounted to $1,009 million, an increase of 35.88 per cent over the same period. Realization of net non-diversion profits amounted to $1,079 million (of which 18q4 million, representing an increase of 19.23 per cent over the same period, was achieved, mainly for non-recurring gains and losses during the period).
In addition, the company issued a report for the first quarter of 2019. The operating income of 19q1 was 2,045 million yuan, an increase of 28.50 per cent in the same year. The net profit of belonging was $299 million, an increase of 37.84 per cent in the same year.
(i) Steady growth of operations and high-tech boosts, with prices rising rapidly during the reporting period, as demand for the eye market continued to grow, the size of the company ' s operations and branding were relatively deep in the 300-year period
The expansion of the resonance and the refinement of the chain system, the advantages of the scale effect, the overall growth of the company's operating income and net profits, and the steady growth of its main operations, in thousands of cases, increased by 9.07 per cent over the same period (18.26 per cent compared to 18.26 per cent for the removal of cataracts).
Average outpatient income of $1396 per person; average passenger price of surgery of $10419 per case, sustained by major sub-specialist operations in 2018: 2,812 million yuan, or 45.59 per cent more than the previous year, earned operating income from kurning operations.
The Māori rate was 52.38 per cent (year-to-0.43 pp, expected to be due to higher cost of high-end surgical materials.
The rapid growth in the number of hospital surgeries has been accompanied by an increase in the proportion of high-end operations, such as full flying seconds, flying seconds and icl. El ophthalmology (300015) reported:
Quantities have risen, and Europe’s clínicabaviera.s.a. last September combined, this year’s income has continued to grow and performance growth has been of high quality.
As a result of the rapid upswing in the future, with: 1. The upward trend in consumption driving the higher-end technology ratio; 2. The internal diversification of the high-end technology; 3. The continuous development of personalized techniques and even the achievement of private subscriptions, the three-quarter review of El ophthalmology (300015), the performance of which is exceedingly high,
There is still much room for growth in draught operations, and the market is expected to increase the long-term profitability of the approved support, figure 2: average outpatient income of the company and change in the average unit price of the operation (in dollars)
This is the result of an increase in the proportion of high-end crystals and an increase in the all-fly-second technique.
The rapid growth of visual services has benefited mainly from the continuous increase in the number of visual mirrors, as well as from the upgrading of visual technology and new products. The immediate and the back-of-the-eye operations have generated operating income of 983 million yuan (+24.92% of the year), 5.42 pp.
In addition, during the reporting period, the company acquired 51% shares, 55% shares, 31% shares in the city, 31% shares in the city, and new Ning Town, Pingxia, Silver, Shenyang, Shenyang and Shenyang El-Deo.
As a result of these acquisitions and the construction of new hospitals in Guangzhou and other hospitals such as Huang Po-il, the total of which, according to our statistics, have not been profitable for 18 years (about $150 million in losses) and have not had a positive impact on the company's performance, the growth in corporate non-performance remains mainly in the form of internal growth financial indicators. The company's Fy18 Māori rate is 47%, representing an increase of 0.72 percentage points over the same period the previous year.
The scale of the expansion, and the use of the branding scheme over the same period last year. Fy18 achieved net cash flows of $1.4 billion, an increase of 5.22 per cent over the same period. 19q1 had a Māori rate of 45.44 per cent, an increase of 0.78 percentage points over the same period last year; net cash flows of $431 million, an increase of 46.33 per cent over the same period, and net cash flows of operations were robust.
During the reporting period, the company continued to speed up the improvement of the network system at the provincial and regional levels and to accelerate the development of health-care networks with a focus on local and county municipalities, with greater coverage and coverage; and high resource-sharing through the functional positioning of hospitals at different levels.
As the country’s health network continues to improve, the scale effect is further demonstrated. The company’s top 10 hospitals have grown at a high rate of 21.44% in 18 years, with net profits rising at 32.59%.
(iii) Steady growth of international operations and robust growth of European hospitals During the reporting period, corporate international operations grew steadily, with clínicabaviera achieving a 20.6 per cent increase in performance throughout the year and three additional hospitals during the reporting period (Spain 1, Germany 2).
Growth of 9.4 per cent; net profit of Euro11.908 million, an increase of 20.6 per cent over the same period, and performance in line with expectations, reflecting an injection of kinetic energy and matching resources after acquisition, led to a significant increase in the motivation for hospital development in Europe. clínicabaviera quarterly income changes (Euros)
The pace of growth is increasing in Germany (+58.5%) >Italy (+44.3%) > Spain (+8.9%). We believe that the growth of European hospitals is a good reflection of the success of the corporate internationalization strategy and that future international operations are expected to continue to counter-feed the country: 1. The firm of the target has been growing since it was acquired.
There are great advantages in compensating for domestic technological disadvantages: due to the advanced and ageing economies of the euro zone and the mature eye surgery techniques of the standard companies, many of the clinical trials of the crystals are carried on by the standard companies and can be drawn upon; 3. The business model of “heart-plus clinics in surgery” allows companies to learn about their hierarchical chains. 4. Companies are able to integrate rapidly and in depth into internationally advanced systems.
The concept of medical services and cutting-edge technological systems, coupled with high-end service models and management experience, are conducive to the development of high-end medical services by companies, and the company’s global team of good experts has been greatly enriched and enriched. (iv) The scientific capacity has been strengthened and talent has become more attractive.
Deepening and promoting scientific cooperation with leading international health institutions has further consolidated the corporate strategy of integrating production, learning, and research. Companies pool innovative resources to accelerate the transformation of research results and continue to upgrade overall technology. The global close-sighted big data multi-centre research project initiated and led by the El Eye Academy will strengthen research in the field of human near-sighted disease mechanisms;
Progress has been made in research on the construction and transplantation of the engineering corneas of the Organization for Simultaneous Life; and the publication of China's Big Data Report on Eye Behaviour among Young People, which analyses young people's eye behaviour with big data, uses five dimensions of science to control near-sightedness, and provides new solutions and directions for young people of national concern. In addition, the company has applied for and conducted a number of national and provincial ministries based on the Toko Research Platform.
During the reporting period, companies have achieved remarkable results in scientific research. The companies have published 174 articles in various journals, 39 of which are published in Sci/medline, 105 in Chinese core journals/statistical sources of scientific and technical papers, and other types of publications.
30 copies; 79 projects were approved for corporate science and technology, including 3 at the national level, 31 at the provincial level and 45 at the municipal level, among others; the company hosted eight major international national academic exchange meetings on ophthalmology from the five continents of the world, namely, the international forum on dredic surgery 2018, the international conference on new advances in cataract surgery 2018, and the international forum on oranges.
With 2,450 participants, our ophthalmology industry has been further internationalized by providing a platform for academic exchange for global expert professors and surgeons. At the 23rd national ophthalmology congress, Al ophthalmology was accepted for over 20% of all the papers in the Congress, making it an all-time high.
The company’s scientific and research capacity is increasing, on the one hand, to raise the company’s level of medical skills, thereby enhancing the visibility and profitability of hospitals under its umbrella; on the other hand, it is also helping to attract more ophthalmologists: now the company’s understudy accounts for 12% of the country’s population, and ophthalmologists joining the company can earn higher wages and improve their skills.
There is a long-standing consensus that the company’s scientific capacity and influence will be strengthened in the future, making it more attractive, ensuring that the public sector is the leading provider of health services in the country, with its growing size and brand influence, and that the network is being well-developed, with a pe of 62/48/39. We believe that the company has entered a new phase of rapid growth, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The new hospital was less profitable than expected.