Giant shares (600160.sh) Giant shares (600160).
The refrigerant industry has seen an upturn, price poles have moved up, the company's major product volumes have risen, and the performance of the company has reached an all-time high of over 100 million, with a net return profit of 500 million in the fourth quarter, compared to +396 per cent in the previous quarter, while the traditional low season has seen a significant increase in the same ratio, with the company performing well throughout the year and well. On the price side, supply and demand patterns have continued to be optimized.
Increased prices of raw materials were boosted, the prices of refrigerant products such as r134a and r22 moved significantly upwards, and the refrigerant [UNCC] mega-stocks achieved average prices (excluding taxes) +22.78 per cent for 18 years; and the fluoropolymers achieved average prices of $56908
In the area of fluorinated chemical finer products, 10115 yen/tonne without hydrofluoride, compared to 20.7 per cent, the company produces half of its own hydrogen fluorine, effectively controls costs and spreads smoothly
In terms of sales, 198,000 tons of refrigerants were exported throughout the year, i.e., +8 per cent of the year; 519,000 tons of fluorinated raw materials were exported, up from 8.4 per cent of the +8.4 per cent of the value of the company ' s main product, with $4.59 billion in refrigerants, +24.1 per cent of the year.
Xiang Yu's environmental protection efforts have increased the impact of hydrofluoric acid on the ground, and a steady recovery in refrigerant prices can be expected from the peak season. The megapolymization of shares by the Allied Chemical Industries has been affected by environmental marginal easing and weak demand in the low seasons.
(600160) - Equity investment in integrated circuits The price of refrigerants has changed. Since the second quarter, with the outbreak of the water boom, local environmental reviews of chemical industry and safety have been taking place, and companies have continued to expand the industry chain.
In the provinces of Jiangsu and Shandong, working papers have been produced on safe production in the provincial chemical parks, the Central Environment Protection Inspector has increased the supervision of chemical industries and parks, and the price of hydrofluoric acid has rebounded.
With a steady recovery, given the further 20% reduction in the r22 quota starting next year, the dealer's willingness to hoard is determined, and the subsequent refrigerant prices continue to rise. We have repeatedly stressed that the refrigerant industry has been producing energy for several years, and that the current supply and demand patterns have been significantly optimized.
Industry concentration is high, and product prices are expected to continue to move up. This year, the country’s policy of stimulating consumption of domestic electricity and automobiles is expected to further boost the company’s demand for refrigerants; non-refrigerant business performance continues to be released, with projects such as pvdc, ptfe, fluorine rubber, etc., which are expected to continue to form a new growth point; and companies are expected to maintain their presence in electronic materials.
Replacement: E-materials, a joint venture with a major fund, is expected to generate investment returns on a sustained basis, to allow the corporate science firm to further upgrade its R & D capabilities, to participate in the Integrated Circuit Investment Corporation, to expand the trillion-dollar market, and to see that the company cycle is becoming weak.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.