The cooling business is well developed and plans are being made to issue shares to purchase assets
At the same time, the announcement: the company continues to shut down for planning to issue shares to purchase assets, etc. The overall Māori rate has increased, financial costs have declined, and investment returns have increased, resulting in faster profits.
The impact of these two factors on operating profits is estimated at $155 million. Domestic and commercial refrigeration has grown steadily and the Māori rate has increased.
The revenue of $4.06 billion (60% of revenue) increased by 3.5%, the Māori rate by 34.2%, and the same ratio by 3.1 percentage points. The market share of the dominant product, the four-trend valve, the electro-inflated valve, and the cut-off valves increased by varying degrees, with commercial refrigeration driving the brand and channel layout.
Aweco is doing well. The aweco is generating $1.04 billion (15.4 per cent of the revenue), and \diamond is optimizing synergies in the three estates of Poland, Lagoon and Turkey, in an effort to seize the opportunities for industrial development.
Microchannel operations are growing rapidly. Microchannel operations generate $1.08 billion (15.9 per cent of the revenue), an increase of 19.7 per cent compared to the previous year, resulting in a net profit of $158 million and a gross profit of 29.3 per cent, and will continue to be rich in the future, seeking opportunities for microchannels in new areas such as special air conditioning and food cold chains.
Establishment of the New Energy and Smart Car Merger Fund, which expands from domestic/commercial refrigeration to automobiles. \diamond co-sponsored the establishment of the New Energy and Smart Car Merger Fund, Inc., and III.
The flower holdings, as limited partners, contributed $100 million and $490 million (both inferior and inferior) respectively, with an equity ratio of 10 per cent and 49 per cent, respectively.
Three Flowers – Three Quarters Performance Beyond Expectations, Participation in the Establishment of a New Energy and Smart Car M & A Fund — Three Flowers – Micro Passage and Avico grew faster.
In the fourth quarter, $1.62 billion was collected + 18.9 per cent; the net profit attributable to listed companies was $186 million + 93.1 per cent.
Main operations in 2016: RMI collected $4.06 billion, an increase of 3.5 per cent over the year and a Māori rate of 34.2 per cent;