· The 3-Hippocratic Rapid Performance Report 2016 was published on the evening of 27 February 2016: the company achieved total operating income of $6.77 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 9.90 per cent over the same period last year; the operating profit of $935 million, an increase of 35.97 per cent over the previous year; and the realization of attribution.
The pattern of competition is stable and the product ladder is good, with medium- and long-term developments \triangleright growing by 19 per cent in the first quarter of the fourth quarter of the year, and the net return to the mother grew by 92.3 per cent, with an accelerated trend in the industry.
From a point of view, the pattern of high concentration competition is stable, with a clear advantage of convenience in terms of cost control, good rates, and R & D, with a strong transfer capacity; from a firm ' s perspective, companies have different types of mature, growing, improved business and a good ladder. In 2017, commercial air-conditioning and microchannel operations grew rapidly, the domestic air-conditioning industry chain remained on the rise cycle, sub-optimal.
In the medium-to-long term, the company ' s commercial air-conditioning operations have become larger and the penetration rate will increase rapidly in the future; micro-channel operations are being compared to the Unit ' s 300-degree trend; the energy-saving environmental requirements will also be raised and replacements will be accelerated, and large market spaces will be opened; and Euro-American customers will return and
The opening of the market for dishwashers in Asia and the Pacific will also boost the steady growth of the company in the medium to long term. And the company’s new energy automobile business is infused with expectations, and the creation of a new M&A fund opens up a window for growth in an expansive way.
The rate of increase in the fourth quarter of the company is significantly faster than in the previous quarter, benefiting mainly from the low base and the return of the overall industry environment. The three quarters begin, the air-conditioning flagships slow down to stock feet, the production end is clearly warming, and the upstream zero.
Businesses have benefited from this: the monthly growth rate of sales in the cut-off valves, the four-way valves and the electronic expansion valves has been changing in August. From the company’s production side, e-inflated valves, for example, have been in production for three quarters. Microchannels and the Avico business have also continued to be in good condition.
The shift in income structure has raised the Māori rate, lower cost rates have increased net interest rates further, and corporate profitability has increased significantly. We believe that, in addition to the improvement in the product itself, it is more a result of the higher Māori product structure, including commercial operations (about 50% Māori) and electronic expansion valves (40% Māori).
Right, electromagnetic valves, microchannels (about 30% Māori) etc. This structural change will continue as these products develop faster than other products.
Home business - beneficiary sector growth: Business is going to grow fast after the industry goes to stock, and will continue at least for the first half of the year; Business - our preferred direction: Business is our best preferred new direction, and it is somewhat similar to household appliances, testing cost control rates and product quality, and these are the firm’s strengths.
Business is profitable, market space is wide (about 20 billion) and companies now account for 5 per cent of the target, rising to 20 per cent over the next three years; microchannels - space is large and progress is increasing: microchannels are still in progress, mainly in North America, and the rate of replacement depends on the difference in the copper aluminium price, and II on the change in power structure, while the country is still in progress.
The opening of the new cold year for air-conditioning, the persistence of industrial production and sales, the growth of competitive firms also put pressure on corporate presence, the microcosm - there is still room for improvement, and the continent currently accounts for around 20 per cent of output in Asia, where major business contributions are still dominated by European production, taking into account the inertia of improved performance.
There is still much room for upgrading, compared to the profitability of the company’s other business. Over-expected, looking at the company’s long-term development, three, profit forecasting and investment proposals.
Marco, who graduated from the University of Nankai and joined the civil service in 2011, is engaged in strategic research. From 2014 to date, he has been transferred to the household electricity industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.