The harvest has sustained steady growth, and profits have been affected by the fall in product prices.
Tianxian organisms (stock code: 600161) are about 819 million yuan, a decrease of 22.16 per cent in the same year. Net cash flows from operating activities are $117 million, the ring ratio is improving, and cash flows from selling commodities are reduced mainly as a result of changes in corporate sales credit policies.
In the third quarter of 2025, business income stood at $1,355 million, the same-year harvests maintained robust growth, and the Māori rate and profits were kept under short-term pressure. The company continued to grow robustly in the first three quarters of 2025, with a Māori rate of 44 per cent, a decline of 11 pct from the same year, mainly due to the sale price of the company ' s products.
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn drops. A breakdown of products shows that the company's human blood and protein revenues in the first half of 2025 amounted to 1,345 million yuan, compared to Song Liqiang.
Slurry levels have been maintained at a national lead level, and the parent company's acquisition of Parlin biological holdings has progressed well. In the first half of 2025, the company achieved 1361 tons of slurry for 85 single plasma companies, a 0.7 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with the domestic industry accounting for about 20 per cent of the country's leading position. The company has completed the Young-Ann plant, Yunnan.
In October 2025, China’s biological parent company, China’s Skygate Bio-Mother Company, proposed a transfer of billions of yuan to the Xiaoqiao Coal Group. If the acquisition is successful, it will strengthen the country’s reserves and supply of important strategic resources and enhance industrial synergies.
Blood products and reorganised products have a great deal of layout. At the innovation level, 1) reorganisation into Doo-chul. Human cdensity factor Via has completed clinical trials in adults and adolescents (12 years old) and has effectively improved haemorrhage and signs of patients with haemophiliaa/b accompanying inhibitors, submitted to the public for permission in January 2025.
Please, at the pharmaceutical review stage. Only Nord and Nord products are currently on the market in the country, and there are other lfb sa products on the overseas market.
Injection of recombinant human coagulation viii-fc to complete the i-stage.
Clinical trials. 4) Treatment of chronic inflammation at a concentration of 10% in the fourth generation of immunoglobin (5g/bottle)
Investment proposal: Astronomy is a leading domestic blood company, with 107 single-smelling stations with a projected capacity of 4,000-5,000 tons of plasma treatment to catch up with the international first-line blood company.
(600161.sh): Maintenance of steady growth, Māori rates and profitability, while companies are researching pipelines, potential products are expected to be marketed, product prices and ton magma profits are expected 3.
(600161.sh): q2 performance growth is higher than expected, new products are marketed less than expected; product sales are less than expected; R & D is less advanced than expected; I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been available in the past.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.