I'm looking forward to receiving data from the core of the adc pipeline.
Medical Corporation Limited (hereinafter called Colombote) Replenishment Bill. Colombote's registration will increase to $116 million, with an additional registration capital of $11.85 million from idg capital, national investors, four top-quality investors, and the amount of gold in the innovative line of medicine will be validated.
Botaire’s first market-based financing diluted 10.21% of the equity stock. The new stockholder idg capital, the State offer, the Leaning Asia Fund, and the high capital are all high-quality equity investment mechanisms in the field of innovation medicine. The financing was completed with 4.53%, 4.49%, 1.00%, 0.20%, respectively.
Equity. Since equity investment agencies need to make detailed business adjustments to targets before investing, the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of the current replenishment is a sign that the innovative drug line in Colombo is recognized by investors.
Focus on setting up the adc track, where the core product is moving forward. The company chooses adc as a technical route to the main collen drug industry (002422). The company announces the arrival of her2-adc on asco.
(002422) Three-quarter review 2020: Three bed data, apart from the total orr, we think two of her2 low-expression cohorts are on a quarterly roll-off, and innovation is expected to enter.
It is worth noting that the company has submitted to cde the critical 2nd clinical statement of her2-adc - 2020/11/01 Please, 2nd clinical dose to focus. 2) Trop2-adc has completed the 1st clinical phase.
Collon Pharmacy (002422). Collon Pharmacy Experiment. Preliminary data are good and overseas authorizations are progressing. 3) Claudin 18.2-adc (002422), in-depth report: start of the second half of the year.
It is expected to enter the clinical phase this year. In addition to adc, the company is pushing the oncological immune line, the performance point, the pd-l1 of which has submitted a pre-bla application to cde and is preparing a field checker.
-20/20/08/29; Tim3, lag3, and Botaire ' s first bi-specific antibody skb337 have entered.
The clinical progress on the line, especially on adc, has led to a major marginal improvement in the company. We expect the Institute to be located on the 9th North Avenue north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.