The world's leading electric car, which has evolved into a transformational world — Buffett, Munger invests in Biadi — I see that Biadei is expected to become a world-class new energy company:
• China is bound to have a globally competitive world-class car company, with 28% of the world’s car-consuming market, and more than 50% of the new energy car-consuming market. After 25 years of development, China has built a more sophisticated automobile chain.
The chain, the vast market, and an adequate pool of talent will inevitably lead to a world-class car company. Biadi is the only car company in the world with a “quality engine” in the process of electricization, which has lost a “heart” battery and is partly subject to a tap battery business.
Yadi is the world’s leading new-energy car company, selling 230,000 vehicles in 2019, the second largest in the world. At the same time, Biadi is the only one with a “quality engine” in the world.
Biadi, which has evolved continuously, embraces changes from technology to full-scale upgrading: 1) Deep-farming technology: Biadi is the only car company in the world with a layout like igbt, power cells, etc., and is constantly new. Knife batteries, etc.
(b) Introduction of external excellence to improve driving comfort, design and branding operations and channels;
Looking back at Biadi’s development, we have experienced two major crises, one after another, with distributors retreating from the network and the other with a car lfp. Through rapid-response adjustments and technological accumulations, we have broken through the trap.
Technological advances are expected to boost the profitability of bicycle batteries, and company-initiated blade batteries are expected to bring down the cost of 10,000 dollars (in millions of dollars of bicycles). Technological evolution is expected to drive down the cost of new energy bicycles.
• Profit forecasting, valuation and rating
"2019q1 High Growth in Performance, Watching the Dynasty +e Nets" "2019q1 Performance will rise significantly, sustaining strong output.
(a) Valuation indicator: Automobiles, secondary batteries and photovoltaics, Ferdisis (deactivated batteries), igbt, cellular components are used for valuing segment values, given the large composition of the company ' s business and the differences in the stage of development and profitability of the business.
The total value of the assembly operations in 2020 was $940, 952, 178, 429 and 37.7 billion, respectively, for a total of approximately (2) cellular parts and assembly operations: in 2019, a remarkable increase in the volume of assembled operations.
We expect a 10%, 2% and 10% growth rate in 2019-2021, respectively. 1) We think Biadi is an excellent company and masters the core technologies of new energy vehicles, such as power cells, to lead the industry. Our new energy car market is large, and the new energy car is deep.
The future is expected to grow into a world-class car company. (2) With regard to company valuations, taking into account the possibility of dissociation and outside supply of five companies in the Ferdy system and the igbt operation, the existing vehicles, the Ferdys, the igbt and the cellular components and the assembly business are valued separately.
New energy car subsidies, parts splitting, spare parts splitting are making progress. Automobile markets are not recovering as expected from the epidemic, new energy car policies are not as good as expected, spare parts are out of supply, and you all know that the gist Buffett invested in Biadey. So what did Biadey do to get Buffett's green?
And what makes Buffett hold Biadey? After more than 10 years in the Hong Kong stock market, BJP’s share in the Hong Kong stock market has still not outpaced BJP’s 2009 stock prices.
It's getting worse: the Ninder era over Biade became the leader of China's power cell. The Byadi's financial indicators did not show much success in these years, and it seems that the situation is not particularly good.
At the beginning, there was a relatively large amount of time to re-examine Biadi’s value, and suddenly it became clear that it was a little more exhilarating if you jumped out of the short term to look at Biadi. Although it might not be what Buffett thought, it could be shared with you for your information. There would be some differences in the depth of this report and the general depth.
The core logic is as follows: China is bound to have world-class cars in the transition from traditional to electric vehicles, and Biadi is China’s most competitive electric car company, so Biadi is expected to become a globally competitive world-class car company.
Biadi's core strengths: 1) the only electric car enterprise in the world with a “quality engine”; 2) good management; 3) capacity for continuous evolution; 4) quality of failure; 5) core supply chain advantages.2 China is the world's largest automobile consumer market, with a mature and global industrial chain.
2.1 China, which accounts for 28 per cent of global automobile sales and more than 50 per cent of global new energy vehicle sales, has seen a rapid increase in disposable income for our inhabitants over the past two decades, from about 3800 yuan in 2001 to nearly 31,000 yuan in 2019, with a combined annual increase of 12 per cent.
The country’s demand for cars has been rising rapidly, rising from a high of 2.37 million vehicles in 2001 to 28.8 million in 2017, with an annual compound increase of 17 per cent. Sales have fallen slightly over the last two years, owing to factors such as the adjustment of acquisition tax policies, but remain at a high level of more than 25 million vehicles.
Starting in 2009, we became the world ' s largest car consumer market, with global sales accounting for about 28 per cent in 2019. In 2009, we sold 136.4 million vehicles, surpassing the United States of America by 1.04 million, becoming, for the first time, the world ' s largest car consumer market, accounting for 21 per cent of global automobile sales.
In 2019, we sold about 28% of the world’s cars, 9 pct more than in the second United States. In 2013–19, our sales of new energy vehicles grew by 102% and now exceed 1.2 million.
To 1.26 million vehicles. Thanks to such factors as the fall of subsidies, the fuel-car country five switching countries six, sales slipped slightly in 2019, to 1.21 million. Overall, the volume of new energy cars is growing rapidly, and in 2013-2019 we were the absolute majority of the world ' s new energy car consumption market, with the share being more than half.
The volume of sales rose rapidly from about 770,000 in 2016 to 2.2 million in 2019, with a 42 per cent annual compound increase. Our share of new energy cars has remained high, with 55 per cent in 2019. 2.2. Manufacturing upgrades, and our country ' s movement towards manufacturing power.
Four large-scale manufacturing shifts have taken place around the world. The fourth in the early 1980’s, labour-intensive and low-technology high-consumption industries were developed in developed countries such as Europe and Japan and in newly industrialized countries such as Asia’s “Four Dragons” in the early 1980’s.
So, for more than 30 years, China has gradually become the largest recipient of the third world industrial transfer and the fourth major migration: the upgrading of our manufacturing industry in the vicinity of 1990, with a shift from a major manufacturing power to a major manufacturing power. Our manufacturing industry is now widespread.
With the re-industrialization strategy of the developed industrial countries of the West to revive their manufacturing initiatives, there has been a major shift in the way global industries are organized and competition rules. To address this situation, the Government is in time for 2015.
The Strategic Plan China Manufacturing 2025 was launched with the aim of boosting the competitive advantage of Chinese manufacturing by promoting a transformational upgrading of manufacturing, thereby enabling Chinese manufacturing as a whole to move from weakness to strength. “Three-step” towards manufacturing power.
China produces 202510 priority areas: energy conservation and motor vehicles, etc., to achieve the strategic goal of creating a powerful country through a three-step process.
The world's leading manufacturing power.
The whole world has reached the middle of the world's make-up, and the powerful have moved into the ranks of the made-up countries.
In 2018, 40 million graduates of higher education graduated from our country, and the index of innovation is rising. The director of McKinsey's company, Baldammin, pointed out that education and innovation are key factors in manufacturing upgrading. Our graduates of higher education are highly innovative, with 604 and 38.68 million graduate students and graduate students in 2018, respectively, above their size.
The number of Ph.D.s and Masters in the equipment manufacturing industry has surpassed 250,000. Moreover, the country’s innovation index is high year by year.
2.3. The entire and globally competitive electric motor vehicle industry has evolved over the years to build a more sophisticated motor vehicle industry. Since the establishment of the Shanghai public in 1985, the motor vehicle industry has been developing for almost 25 years, giving birth to a number of excellent parts- and components-based enterprises.
The core components of our electric cars are highly competitive. In new energy cars, batteries, electric machines, and electrical controls are critical systems. In terms of value, nearly 70% of the sum of the three, and functionally, the three decide on electric cars.
Basic parameters, such as continuation of flights, power, etc.. Thanks to the pre-emptive advantage of our new energy vehicles, we have created a group of competitive electric-car industry chains. 1) With regard to the core, according to high-tech data, six of the world’s top10 companies came from China in 2019. And domestic firms have accelerated their import into the world’s top plant.
For example, Ningde entered the supply chain, Tesla, Audi stepped up the supply negotiations with Biadi, and Lithium billion was able to enter the Mercedes supply chain. 2) On the four main issues of the core, positive material manufacturers were upgraded to technology, diaphragm manufacturers, Enje, negative pole manufacturers entered the supply chain of lg, tristars, and negative pole manufacturers, Betre, entered the supply chain under the pine. 3)
Rhe, Trina is Tesla’s deep partner, with mainstream cars. 4) On the electric power plant, a joint engine company was set up with the Gear Dragons and the Geba, to enter the main European vehicle supply chain, including Mercedes. 5) On the igbt, the Biadey semiconductor in 2019 accounted for 18% of the country’s new energy vehicle, the igbt.
3. Power cells become part of a car company’s “crystal” battery, electric machines and electrical controls replace the conventional fuel vehicle’s power mix. Engines, transformers, are the key engine of a conventional fuel vehicle and are the core technology of the company. Engines are the engine that provides power for the vehicle.
Devices, which determine the power, economy, stability and environmentality of cars; transformer boxes, which are designed to coordinate the speed of engines and the speed of wheels or vehicles actually moving, are used to perform the optimal performance of engines. Unlike traditional fuel trucks, electric vehicles are powered by batteries, thus driving the vehicles.
High-value components shift to power cells in the process of electricization of automobiles. In the conventional fuel vehicle cost composition, 25% of the engine engine and the transformer box are critical parts of the fuel vehicle. The power cell is the most valuable component of the electric vehicle cost, about 40% of the electric vehicle cost.
Traditional car parts, mainly casting, machine processing and electrical appliances. The power cells in new energy vehicles are electrochemical products, mechanical products and electrical appliances.
At present, the power cells in the entire garage are supplied almost exclusively by battery manufacturers. High-quality supply and supply are limited to battery consistency, low-energy density, and technology levels. In order to safeguard the supply of power cells, major domestic and international mainframes have established joint ventures with major battery plants.
Establishment of joint-venture battery plants in the years of Biandi, Chang An, Toyota, Toyota, Tesla and Matsuo, etc., and nonthvolt, in cooperation with a number of mainstream car manufacturers and head power and battery manufacturers, in foreign countries
Biadi is the only company with core technology and mass production experience in the entire factory. Biadi is the only one with core power cell technology and mass production experience.
From the start of the battery, there is a profound understanding of the battery, with the volume-produced power cells covering lithium phosphate and the triple-digit power cell. In 2019, the Byadi power cell load was about 10.8gwh, with 17 per cent of the domestic market and 9 per cent of the global market. At the same time, in 2019, some 230,000 new energy vehicles were sold, compared to 10.4 per cent of the global market.
Batteries re-innovated, and blade batteries led to changes. In 2019, Biadei launched the lfp blade battery, and the cysts used a stacking technique, and battery bags used a non-module technology that raised the energy density of the battery bag by 50%. The lfp blade battery bag has the following characteristics: 1) benefit from the blade battery side strength and 2 beehives below the battery pile.
(ii) Because of the safety of the lfp material and the special structure of the blade battery, the lfp blade battery is fire-free, non-explosive, etc. through needle-point testing, and the needle-pointing at 30-60 degrees of surface temperature, with super-intensity super-safety features.
The lfp blade battery performed excellently during the needle puncture test. Biadi was the only vehicle in the country with a complete industrial chain of igbt. The igbt is a power semiconductor for energy conversion and transmission, specifically, the igbt is responsible for communicating power and straight current power conversions while bearing voltage high.
Low-conversion functions, which determine the core components of energy efficiency on the side of the power. In the power-driven system, the igbt is about 50% of the cost of the power-driven system, which can be 7-10% of the total cost of the vehicle, the most expensive element in addition to the battery. In 2005, Biadi's official layout of the igbt has now reached its fourth stage.
In December 2018, the company announced its successful development of sicmosfet, which is expected to increase its full vehicle performance by 10%.
In 2019, the city of Biadet was the second largest in the country in terms of the use of igbt for new energy vehicles. 4.2, from technology to full-scale upgrading, driving comfort upgrades.
At the same time, the noise expert Car Xifan helped to upgrade the nvh product and enhance the soundproofing effect of the car. Continuously designed innovations to give brand leadership. Biadi gathers in 2016, while deep-ploughing technology.
(a) In terms of building the capacity of the design system, the first of which is to bring together the best design talent, the famous masters of design, Wolfgang Eger, Juanma Lopez and Michel Paganetti, who continue to join Biadi to lead the team to maintain sustainable design creativity; (b) design tools
By June 2019, the new Biadi Global Design Centre was inaugurated, contributing to the upgrading of Biadi’s ability to systematize design. The family design language “dragonface” launched by Biadi received positive feedback from the market.
Bialdi's Senior Adviser to the President of Biade, was responsible for advising and guiding Biadi on vehicle business development strategies, business strategies, marketing strategies, branding and upgrading of the marketing services system.
4.3. Opening the supply chain to meet the global client Ferdyson, with Biadi moving from 1.0 to 2.0. 16 March 2020, Bia
Dei announced the formation of five companies named “Freddy” (Freddy Battery, Freddy Visuals, Verdico Technology, Freddy Power and Ferddie Modules). These five companies are in charge of different operations covering power cells, semiconductors and lighting supplies, vehicle chassis technology, fuel cars and new energy vehicle power systems, auto body manufacturing, etc.
The creation of the Freddy brand not only strategically continues to promote the open sharing of e platforms, but also the open sharing of spare parts outside the e-plate. As a result, it is an important step forward in opening up the supply chain to Biadi.
4.4. Resurveillance, resilience, and a review of Biadi ' s development have been the subject of two major crises: the 2010 de-networking of distributors and the shift of lfp by car. The current fall of subsidies has also had a major impact on companies.
4.4.1 The historical frenzy of excellence is the wind of new energy sources. Biadi ' s automobile business can be developed in three phases: 1) By 2010, Biadi ' s car sales grew rapidly, from about 10,000 in 2005 to nearly 520,000 in 2010.)
In 2010-2014, Biadei was in the process of retrenchment. The pre-expansion period was too rapid and the dealer’s profitability weak, which led to the development of several distributors retreating in 2010. After more than three years of retrenchment, the number of Biadee vendors decreased from 1,200 to 800, with an emphasis on increasing the dealer’s profitability.
A low-digit growth in automobile operations, down to $27 billion. 3) 2015 - to date, the growth of new energy vehicles has been strong, with higher sales of new energy vehicles in Biadi and higher revenue recovery. Biadi’s technology is so deep that it quickly adjusts the power cell technology route.
The percentage of lfp in passenger cars dropped sharply, from 41 per cent in 2016 to 24 per cent in 2019, and remained on a downward trend. Biyadi started with a lfp battery, and the van started with an lfp battery. From 2016, Biyadi started producing three-dollar power cells, and in 2017 fast, it reached about 1 gwh in 2018.
The vehicle industry is currently in the early stages of development, and the profits of car companies are more affected by the subsidy policy.
State subsidies for energy cars have fallen by more than 50%, and the maximum mileage subsidy has been reduced from $50,000 to $25,000. In the case of Yuanev2019, the IUPU V535 initiative, the fall in subsidies has affected the Māori rate of remodelled vehicles by almost 20 pct, without taking into account other factors.
Intubation (including incremental) Technical advance costs are reduced and profit levels are expected to increase. 1) For batteries, the costs of lfp batteries and triple cores are constantly being explored. At the same time, the use of blade batteries can further reduce costs. According to ctp
In the case of the drop-in, it is estimated that ifp blades are 0.23/wh less than the cost of ncm622. For example, the battery bag of 50 kwh is expected to drop by around $10,000.) In the case of plug-in, Biadi currently uses a dm3.0 plug-in hybrid model that is about $90,000 more expensive than the fuel version.
On the right, the dm4.0 to be introduced after 2020 is expected to be $22,000 more expensive than a fuel truck, with a cost reduction of almost $70,000. The price of the entire car, calculated at a price of $180,000 on the average of the dm3.0, will be 38% lower.
Key assumptions and profit projections 2) cellular components and assembly operations: In 2019, you took over the powerful orders and assembled a significant increase in the volume of business.
The company's operations are complex, including cars, secondary batteries, cellular components and assembly, and igbt. Moreover, the level of industry development and profitability varies considerably from one business to another.
The valuation method values the company. 6.1 The automobile business, valued at $94 billion in 2020, is in a fast-growing phase of the new energy automobile industry and has not yet achieved a steady profit.
Energy car leads, often in the lead of the world’s new energy cars. Here, the company’s car-related plates are valued using ps. Tesla and Wires play high-end electric cars with high premium values; companies have a more comprehensive product matrix, stronger R & D capabilities and higher brand premiums compared to the Northern Blue Valley; companies are new power.
The main players in the country are now the Ninder era, the main players in the country.
Biyadi and Kuoko, among others. The Ningde era involved triple dollars and lfp batteries, with the lfp battery dominated by the Ninde high school. The current industry leader’s average pe51x, with a higher valuation, consists mainly of higher expectations for the future.
Biadi installed 10.8gwh in 2019, with an estimated power cell supply of about 61gwh in 2025, corresponding to about $45 billion in power cell revenues. Given the high price pressure in the industry, the net interest rate is down the road and is expected to be valued at about $95.2 billion a year.
6.3. Ferdys (dispower cell) operations valued at $17.8 billion in 2020. Ferdys (dispower cell) mainly concern car parts and components, including power aggregates, lamp lighting, motor electronics, chassis technology, molds, etc.
In 2018, the main business cost of Biadi automobiles and related products was about 59 billion yuan, based on the composition of the Thai automobiles, and the split was estimated to be about 60% of the 48.5 billion dollars associated with the Ferdys product. We expect that by 2025, Vadis will be sold on a scale of about 60 billion yuan. The net interest rate is expected to be around 4.3%.
Figure 33: Disaggregated Automobile Costs 6.4, Igbt operations valued at $42.9 billion in 2020.
We're using 30 xpe as the relative valuation level of the company in 2025. The value of the igbt vehicle in the new energy vehicle is about 10%, and we expect to supply 2 million vehicles in 2025, corresponding to a revenue of 30 billion yuan.
6.5 Mobile phone parts and assembly operations are valued at $37.7 billion in 2020, and the business has achieved a steady profit. Compared to the average per22x of companies.
The annual market and market value of Toyota cars peaked at 1,074,000 vehicles and $16.67 billion in Biadi's future, respectively.
It is expected to become a world-class new-energy automobile enterprise, with wide scope for upscaling and valuation. 1) The impact of the epidemic on the automobile market has not recovered as expected: the epidemic has affected consumption demand and downstream demand has recovered 2) The new-energy car policy has not been as good as expected: the new-energy vehicle subsidy has not been announced and there is a certain gap
3) Spare parts are not as available as expected: company spare parts are in the initial stages and future bulk is available