The Biadi semiconductor has completed the a+ round of financing with an estimated value of $10.2 billion, leading to industrial investors such as Redwood Capital, China Capital and National Innovation, Mi, United, China-Chole International, North and Upstream. The Biadi semiconductor will be fully integrated and invested in the future.
The capital has a resource advantage, pushing the semiconductor industry forward to national production. At the same time, it marks the beginning of a field-based strategy in Biadi, where more subsidiaries are expected to move towards market-based operations.
At the same time, it is also in the process of negotiation. At the present time, it is the lowest/highest in a year:
Han's pre-sale order is hot. Han's mission is up by Biadey's brand. According to the Automotive Home, Han is in the top two of the list of new-energy cars. As of June 9, Han's pre-sale order was over 15,000.
It's about 9,000 on the line and 6,000 below the line. According to Bialdi's chairman, Wang Yufo, at the investors' meeting, Han's target sales are more than 3,000, and it's now expected that the pre-sale order will cover about five months.
In 2020, Han, All Shin Qinev, Qinproev, and Songplaus will be equipped with blade batteries, and in the future more models will be available. In the case of plug-in, the full-blown hybrid will be equipped with dm-i. In the next three years, dm-i will be the core technology platform that will allow fuel truck users to make a smoother and faster transition.
Biadey is expected to become the leading global electric vehicle in the process of being progressively validated, and in the near future the company's fundamentals have been positive upwards, gradually validating our previous logic, namely, the growth of external supply (subsidiaries, and breakthroughs) and the continued evolution of the Biadey harvest (brands, upwards and technological advances).
These two aspects will reshape the company’s market value. To benefit from such factors as the continued exploitation of power cells, the growth of masked operations and the explosion of Han’s orders, we, “Performance meets expectations, new energy cars have a huge peak.”
Blank hair 2020-04-21 The opening curtain is officially opened, with unlimited potential for orderly release and $4.64 billion, which corresponds to 93, 62 and 39 times the price of the latest round, respectively, and maintains the "strength."
1.1. Biadi semiconductor completes a+ round financing and accelerates listing for two months, and Biadi semiconductor introduces two rounds of financing to prominent investment institutions, valued at over 10 billion.
The company completed its financing through the Replenishment Equity: (1) 2020.5.26 announcement revealed that the first round of financing was financed by the Redwood Capital China Fund, China’s capital and China’s investment in innovation, valued at 7.5 billion yuan before the investment, valued at 9.4 billion yuan after the investment, and completed 42 days, bringing in investors in industries such as ssk, milli, association, China Point International, North and Upstream.
When completed, Biadi shares hold 72.3% of Biadi semiconductor shares. As a domestically autonomous car-controlr, the Biadi semiconductor will fully combine its own resource advantages with those of investors and join the process of nationalization of the semiconductor industry.
As a first step in the marketing strategy of Biadi, the Biadi semiconductor has now completed its internal restructuring, equity incentives, and the introduction of strategic investors, the company will accelerate its efforts to break down the Biadi semiconductor into the market and begin to develop more marketable subsidiaries and upgrade the company as a whole.
Ferdy Five, 1.2, power cells for acceleration, Biadi batteries for Chang An, Long Ma Sanitary, Kinkang Motors, Central U.S. Majors, etc., in addition to the batches already in place.
In addition, according to the latest Bulletin of Road Motor Vehicles Production Enterprises and Products (333, 334th batch), the Bia Di Battery has also achieved an external client order for a package of North Gas, Chang Anfort, Qingdao Sol, Beijing Waring, the Central Express and Hubei Five Rings of Blade Battery. According to Li Yunfe, Deputy Director-General of Biadi Motor Marketing, “a few”
Almost all car brands are working with Biadey’s Blade batteries, and several of them are international brands. The pace is slow, and the target is set first, and there will be an internationally renowned branded vehicle with blades and batteries on the market in the second half of the second half of 2022.
Figure 2: Blade batteries have been ordered by international car brands (by Wibbo, Deputy Director General of Biadi Sales, Lee Yun Fei) who are not martial arts kung fu skills Lee Yunfei, Ha: Knife batteries go to the world, officially settled in an international brand.
One-third, Han pre-sale orders are hot, and Han has been assigned to the Biadi brand up.
Han has the highest price in the company car, and the Royal Dynasty series is "Innovation Lead, Experience, Smart Trust."
At the same time, Han is the world’s first car with a blade battery, setting new safety standards for new-energy cars. According to the Automotive House, Han has been at the top of the list of new-energy cars since the announcement of pre-sale prices.
The size of 4980/1910/1495m, the axle range of 2920 mm, the body of the car is very uniform, the chrome-plated windows and skirts enrich the whole vehicle's sense of hierarchy, and the wind resistance factor is only 0.233, at the highest international level.
The design for integrating ancient Han with modern CREDIT is used, the left half and the right half are not taken from the Han Xinjiang book and the word "Han" in modern CREDIT. It is made from multiple horizontal lines, which enhances visual width, cutting through the taillights.
The silver chrome-plated decorations. There's also a 1058-inch rotationable large screen inside the taillight, with a brand-new ui design that supports the rotation of the big screen.
A variety of extension apps, adornment of high-grade materials such as solid wood, real aluminium, which makes the cabin more ceremonial, use nappa leather wraps, and combine with the dragons that are sewn by two stitches.
According to the first electric disclosure, by the end of May, there were 12,000 pre-sale orders in Han.
As of June 9, Han's pre-sale order was over 15,000, including about 9,000 on the line and 6,000 below the line. According to the Director General of Biadi at the investor exchange, Han's target sales were 3,000 plus, and it is expected that the presale order would cover about five months of production.
Han will export abroad and compete globally. In addition to selling domestically, Hanev will resell Europe and participate in the global competition for electric cars, with an estimated price range of 45,000-55 million euros (approximately 346,000 yuan-423,000 yuan) between Europe and Europe. This aspect highlights the fact that consumers are the most selective and demanding consumers.
In the European market, Biadi is confident in Han's safety, performance, and quality. 1.4. Knife battery attachments, dm-i coming up with blade battery + dm-i technology boosted by luxuries. 1) Blade batteries, except for Han, are based on letters.
According to the Ministry's 333th edition of the Bulletin of Road Motor Vehicle Production Enterprises and Products, BJP will be equipped with blade batteries, and more cars will be expected to carry blade batteries in the future.) In the case of plug-in, the full double-modeld dm-i, such as Qin, Han, Tang, Song, etc., will start next year.
dm-i is the core technology platform, which will allow fuel car users to make a smoother and faster transition to plug-in cars.
In recent times, the company fundamentals have been positive upwards, gradually validating our previous logic that the continuously evolving Biadi harvests will reshape the market value of the company in terms of both hope and external supply growth: 1) the continuously evolving Biadi harvests: branding looks like Han pre-sale orders are on fire, and it is hoped that they will open.
From the point of view of technological progress, it is expected that the number of blade battery-backed vehicles will increase, and that the company’s dmi-mixing will be fully aligned, driving up sales. 2) Outward supply: the most suspect power cell will be used to make progress over time, opening up new opportunities for growth.
At the same time, the Biadi semiconductor splits well, and more subsidiaries are expected to split gradually in the future. To benefit from such factors as the continued exploitation of power batteries, the growth of masks, and the explosion of Han’s orders, we raise hundreds of millions of dollars, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating of 93, 62, and 39 times the latest round price, respectively.
1) The impact of the epidemic on the automobile market has not recovered as expected: the epidemic has been repeated, affecting consumption demand and downstream demand has a lower-than-expected risk of recovery; 2) the supply of spare parts has fallen short of expectations: the supply of company spare parts is in the start-up phase and future bulk supplies are present