Biyadi (002594.sz) depth reports that the Qing Dynasty's new product series is at the mid-high end, that market-based strategies unleash the potential of affiliates, that autonomous R & D innovation drives product technology ahead, and that bna+e platform +dm4.0+dilink achieves a new energy car lead.
The company’s bna architecture covers three main power systems, covers the entire value chain, and is open to sharing, of which e platforms are highly integrated and standardized to meet the demand for a wide range of pure electricity products, reduce costs and accelerate the development of models. The company’s roll-out of the dm4.0 plug-in technology will further reduce costs and increase vehicle prices.
Its technological advantages; the first domestic launch of an auto eco-concept product by the dilink smart network system, the d++ Open Eco platform, will significantly expand applications and other features. The only car company has access to the core technologies of the new energy automobile chain, such as three electricity, ibgt, and further reduce costs and upgrades.
Products are competitive. By adopting a highly vertically integrated business model, companies have mastered core technologies, such as electricity, in which mobile batteries have remained the second largest in the industry in recent years, with the latest released blade batteries producing in volume, technology, safety performance and value ratios evident, their design bringing down ~30% of the cost, cell space utilization increasing by 50%, and batteries with large energy density.
With a 50% rise in the number of registered Han pure trams in mid-year, the company will be on board for the first time, while the company is also actively expanding its external customers and is expected to apply to more models in the future. With regard to electric power and telecommunications, the company has a leading market share, with 19h1 being the only one in the country, with 25% and 23% respectively.
Car companies in the complete industrial chain of the igbt have broken a long-standing monopoly on overseas brands, with the second largest city in terms of technology, leading to a significant reduction in costs and improvements in vehicle performance, and helping to further expand the external supply market. New-energy automobiles have been consolidated, new models are on the market, and policies are warming, and sales are expected to pick up in 20h2.
The share of new domestic energy cars has remained at its peak for six years, at around 19% in 19 years, with four models of pure electricity and plug-in in the top ten. The product structure has led to a gradual upward shift in the price range over the course of 19 years, with suv rising to 55% in 19 years, sales over $100,000 increasing by about six points to 57% in the same year, and Don will be in the same position as the new driver this year.
The government announced an extension of the subsidy and exemption tax on new energy vehicles to 22 years, with a clear reduction in subsidies, as well as the gradual introduction by local governments of policies to support automobile consumption, which would stabilize consumer expectations and help stimulate demand.
Companies are expected to benefit fully as industry leaders, while last year’s launch of six competitive new models will rise, and this year’s expansion of the product matrix, such as Han and other re-channels, is expected to help drive corporate sales to rebound at 20h2. Growing business openings will offer growth opportunities, and market-based strategies will unleash the potential of affiliates and help boost the public.
The company’s strategy is to open itself to the outside world, with mature businesses and products choosing to open up to the market, with a pure electric motor vehicle model developed jointly with Toyota’s joint venture, which allows for the export of electric technology and the acquisition of a wide-scale proof of the Heung-sung automobile industry – a point review report – Biadey.
International recognition, helping to raise brand value, sharing technology (002594) - short-term performance affected by the epidemic, expected to help expand new markets and customers, as companies move towards open and cooperative sharing, will further increase market share, share and reduce costs, while promoting
Industry co-development. Companies actively promote the independent and market-oriented operation of subsidiaries, power cell operations will be marketed in the future, and recently announced operations such as integrated power semiconductor and semiconductor limited companies will also seek independent listing, which is expected to optimize the company’s financial structure, while further releasing value that will help to enhance the company’s valuation.
Data support: Chu Jun-hyun, Chen Ye-tang, magnostic, guangzhenghangseng
Continued demand drops; macroeconomic growth falls short of expectations; industry competition increases, etc.
He's the only one I've ever seen. He's the only one I've ever seen.
1 Biandi: New Energy Autobotives 1.1 Strong technological accumulation, improved business layouts to help get ahead
1.1.1 The rapid growth of leading producers in over 20 years of continuous research and development and innovation in core technology has grown from 20 to 230,000 people at its inception, and the creation of more than 30 industrial parks around the world to achieve a global strategy for six continents. Biadi operations cover areas such as electronics, automobiles, new energy sources and orbital transport, from energy acquisition and storage to applications.
The company is one of the world’s leading players in the new energy automobile industry. In the area of new energy cars, Biadi has now built a system of all-power products for traditional fuels, hybrid power, pure electric vehicles, from batteries, electric machines, electrical controls to the gbt, and has mastered the core technology of the new energy automobile chain.
The company is mainly engaged in automobiles, cellular parts and assembly, secondary charge batteries, and photovoltaic operations, and actively expands the urban orbital transport business through cloud-track products. Since the expansion of the automobile business in 2003, the company has rapidly grown into a Chinese brand-owned vehicle leader with leading technology, cost advantages and international standards.
Biadi is one of the world’s leading producers of secondary charge batteries, with major clients including mobile phone leaders such as Samsung and Huai Hong, as well as global electric tools such as Bo, Cooper, and other portable electronics. Brand strategy: “Go to New Business” as a core concept and embedded in values. “Technology innovation, trustworthiness, leadership.”
Green Out is the brand value that Biadi's car has always held, and is committed to the development of energy conservation and new energy vehicles, with the aim of bringing about a more energy-efficient, environmentally safe, convenient, and enjoyable car life for the whole of society. Technological innovation is reflected in “new energy, new technology, new design,” trusted in “new quality, new security, new services,” leading green travel in “new platforms, new products, new life.”
Chart 1: Biadi development history: King of the 1990 Anhui Lakers graduated from and remained in Beijing as a master's degree in non-ferrous metals research. 1993 Beijing Institute of Nonferrous Metals established a Beig Battery Company in Shenzhen, and Wang was appointed as its General Manager.
In the second half of the year, Biadi’s products were given to Taiwan’s largest unlined 2000 Biadi’s order for Motorola. Biadi was listed in Hong Kong in 2002 and received the Nokia order.
On January 22, 2003, Biadi officially joined the main Xian Qinkawa Motors Company. The first F3e electric vehicle on phosphate batteries in Biadi was successfully developed in 2006.
China and America’s energy holding companies, under the banner of Al-Hasaway 2008, spent $230 million on Biadi’s share, accounting for 10% of the shares. The successful acquisition of full ownership of the passenger-car manufacturing company in Lake South America, Inc., was qualified to produce electric buses.
Biyadi 2011 is listed on a stock market; Shenzhen Biademle New Technologies Ltd. was inaugurated on 16 February. Biadelon 2012 was launched at a sharp pace. Biadi and Démler each funded 50 per cent of the joint venture brand “denza uplifting.” Byadi 2014 launched the first 542 strategy at the Beijing Car Fair.
In January 2015, Biadi announced its first 542-type strategic vehicle, Tang. Biadi set up a car finance company. On February 12, Biadi announced the sale of mobile phone components such as flexible circuit boards, LCD modules, camera modules, etc. In April, Biadi officially released a market-wide strategic layout of its new energy source, 7+4.
In July 2016, Biadi issued an announcement that the Shanghai Trinity Semiconductor Company Ltd. would purchase 5.226 million shares totalling $3 billion, holding 1.92 per cent of the total stock stock after Biaidi's non-public release. In October, the Biadi “Cloud Track” trip took place at Shenzhen Hill headquarters.
On March 15th, Biadei Inc. announced a partnership with the Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Ltd., each of which had invested $200 million in a total of $500 million to establish Biadi Resources Development Ltd. On July 5th, Biadi and Fogia joint venture were inaugurated in Shenzhen. The joint venture would take advantage of both parties' technical advantages and platforms.
For the first time, a new three-power platform, "e Platform" , was launched under the banner of King 1.1.2, as a practical control, gradually releasing affiliates to open their share to the outside world.
In February 1995, Wang had registered Biyadi Industries in Shenzhen. In 1997, financial storms had caused global battery prices to drop by 20-40%, and the losses of solar-sector producers had made Biadi's low-cost advantages even more evident. Since then, Philip, Matsunau, Sony, Motorola have issued large purchase orders against Yadi.
It took only three years to capture 40% of the world's market share. Biadi was listed on the Hong Kong Exchange at the beginning of 2002, with a 66% share and a 34% share in the Sea. Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Limited has the largest share, with 25.26% of the company's shares, and Wang has effectively controlled the 10% share of Biadi, which has increased cumulatively by more than 500% since the start of the stock count.
By following a people-centred approach to human resources, Biadi helped to motivate, retain, and motivate staff through a stock-holding programme. On 27 April 2015, he acquired and held no more than 32.66 million shares through the Stakeholder Scheme, involving about 1.32% of the total stock stock stock available.
By 14 June 2018, the company had passed the Bill on the Extension of the Biadi Holdings Scheme, which the board of directors had extended for three years to 1.19 per cent of the company's current total stock holdings, through the United Biade 1 Pool of Assets.
In addition, on 15 April 2020, the company implemented the Equity Incentives Plan 2020 for its fully-owned subsidiary, Biadi Semiconductor Limited, through senior managers and core cadres.
On March 13, 20, Biadi announced the formal establishment of five Ferdy Systems to open up the sharing of spare parts outside the driver ' s platform, further accelerating new energy.
The five Fordey companies, Fody Battery Ltd., Fody Visual, Fody Science and Technology Ltd., Ferdy Power Co. Ltd. and Fody Modules Ltd., were set up 100% by Biadi GmbH from 24 to 27th. Of these, Fody Battery Co. Ltd. was responsible for the development, design and production of power-grade energy storage batteries, etc.;
Motivator Limited is committed to the development of an overall solution for auto power generation and new energy vehicles; Ferdi Technologies Ltd. focuses on the development, production and sale of electronics and bottom drives of cars, covering the three main areas of vehicle use, commercial vehicles, orbital traffic; Freddy Visuals Ltd. focuses on the lighting and signaling of vehicles and related products; and Ferdi Modium Ltd. is responsible for the development and manufacture of molds, including white body and parts welding lines.
The Yadi spare parts supply only within the company, and the main parts of this new Biadi energy vehicle have completed the business break-up and further put into practice its open strategy, leading to further realization of corporate technology and sustainable development that will have a positive impact on its financial operations, cost-sharing and risk reduction, while also preparing for the possibility of deployment into the international front-line mainframe supply chain.
Guangzhenghangseng Gintni Global Co. Ltd.
Vuhambiadi Electronics Co. Ltd. 1.2 Automotive plates continue to contribute major revenues and profits, with a market-wide strategic layout of 1.2.1 plates with the highest rates of motor vehicle revenue, Māori and profit share
Cars and related products, cellular components and assembly, secondary charge batteries, and photovoltaics. Cars and related products cover traditional fuel trucks, hybrid vehicles, new energy vehicles, mobile phone parts and assembly systems that have been built up for the entire industrial chain of operations such as batteries, cellular glass, charge heads, metal back caps and borders. Secondary charge batteries and photovolts have developed highly secure lithium phosphate batteries and three-dollar batteries with high energy density.
In the area of electric commercial vehicles and electric passenger vehicles, respectively, research and development has been carried out in the areas of safety, life cycle, and mileage for electric vehicle batteries. In the three operations, the revenue, Māori, and profits of car plates have been the most significant.
On the Māori side, Māori has the highest Māori rate in all operations, so the Māori contribution is two-thirds or more than 67 per cent, while the net profit contribution is also the highest, with the Māori plate having reached Māor.1385 billion in 19 and a share of Māori.
Gwangzhenghangseng Chart 10: The Māori Rate of the Biadi Division has been growing steadily in recent years, but in 19 years it has been affected by macro- and industry-related factors that have led to a decline in revenue and net profits.
Corporate sales costs have been more stable, but financial costs have been higher than the peer average. In 2019, the triple price increased by 0.17 to 9% over the same period.
The cost rate has been 3.4 per cent and has remained below the 5 per cent level in recent years. Corporate sales costs have been lower than their counterparts, but financial costs have been higher, mainly because of higher loans from corporate liabilities, higher interest expenditure and fluctuations in remittances, and 68 per cent of asset liabilities in 19 years have also been higher than their counterparts’ Guangzhenghangsengseng
The Māori rate and net interest rates have declined in recent years, with macroeconomic and industry downsides, with the impact of the six switch-off and subsidy drops in the major five countries in 19 years. A number of policies support automobile consumption, and the sector is expected to recover in 20h2.
1.2.2 Automobile plate: A market-wide electricization strategy, vertically integrated models that reduce costs and improve product quality, will achieve a full electrical layout of the Biadi “7+4” market-wide strategy. In April 2015, Biadi officially released the new energy vehicle “7+4” market-wide strategic layout - “7” for seven conventional areas, namely, private cars, urban public cars, etc., under the theme “New energy: a new future” in Shanghai.
Through this strategy, the company will promote new energy vehicles throughout the country, invest more resources and energy in brand upgrading, enhance research and development and launch more high-value and competitive products, and promote technology, products and technology across the board.
A highly vertically integrated business model helps to reduce costs and improve product quality. In automobile operations, companies adopt a highly vertically integrated business model, with autonomous R & D, design and manufacturing capabilities for whole vehicles and spare parts, and improved vehicle and parts testing capabilities.
Savings in logistics costs and significant reductions in full vehicle production costs through economies of scale and synergies. In addition, the company’s higher self-production rate of automobile parts ensures quality of products with improved vehicle and spare parts testing capabilities. Vertical integration models have the overall competitiveness to produce high-quality and low-cost automobile products on a sustainable basis, providing high-value automobile products to consumers.
The company has 15 major production bases throughout the country. Biadi has a stronger production capacity, covering several provincial areas, which allows it to penetrate the marketing layouts of the cities along the line and boosts confidence in its brand around the area.
According to the Gazecar data, when the fuel engine capacity is combined, the Biadi car capacity plan will be more than 1.4 million vehicles, of which at least 700,000 are pure electric vehicles.
Figure 21: Biadi ' s main vehicle production base and capacity in 2018, two series of products, the dynasty series and the e series, respectively. More than the dynasty series, the dynasty series, is charged with electricization, while the dynasty series is more focused on highly performing products. On March 28, 2019, Biadi organized a launch of all new vehicles under its dynasty flag.
All of them were released, presenting a stereo matrix of “fuel + plug-in hybrid + pure electric vehicles, sedans + suv mpv” and showing great competitiveness. The company’s product matrix is well-developed, and is currently in a vehicle-sale-type radioactivity ao, a, b, sedan, suv, mpv, and prices tend to move from the lower to the lower to the upper to medium, to meet the needs of more consumers, with a growing audience.
1.2.3 The income from cellular components and assembly, secondary charge batteries and photovoltaic operations continues to grow steadily. The mobile phone business has grown for the fifth consecutive year, and partnerships have ensured the company’s market position. Biadi has been second only to guangzhenghangseng since he was a substitute worker.
In 19 years, mobile phone parts and assemblies were collected by 26.4% to 53.38 billion yuan, or 41.8%; net profits were 1,654 million yuan, or 28% less, or 36.3%, compared to 36.3%. The company was in the lead position in the mobile smart terminal market, thanks to its long experience in the field of metal components, leading technology and excellent quality. The company ' s 3d glass, ceramics, plastics, and assembly operations achieved different processes.
The company continues to strengthen its strategic collaboration with its clients, with increased market coverage for products such as metals, glass, ceramics and ems, a ~40% share of metal components in Andre market, a global leader in cellular ems business, and a full-time provider in the first three stages of the industry. But, given the volatility of the industry’s overall demand, market prices are highly competitive.
Changes in product structure and a decline in revenues and profits from metal components operations have resulted in a decline in Māori rates and net profits; Māori rates, relationships, the start of mobile phone operations in 1930 received a number of domestic orders, as well as several high-end flagship aircraft orders, which are reported to have contributed to the further growth expected as a replacement of iPhone 9. Companies will continue to consolidate the customer base of metal components and actively seek more metals.
For new material applications, the company will capture market trends in 5g, object networking, and artificial intelligence, enhance the layout of the 3d glass, ceramic, and plastic operations, and secure more customer orders. Secondary charger battery operations have been growing steadily over time.
The business consists mainly of lithium ion batteries and their products, which are widely applied to a variety of portable electronic equipment. The company’s traditional battery business is growing faster and its photovoltaic business is warming more markedly during the year, leading to some growth in the photovoltaic business.
2 New Energy Vehicles: Autonomous R & D technology to drive product rotational renewals 2.1 product layouts are gradually improved, new energy vehicle competitiveness advantages are evident 2.1.2 Cars + suv mpv layouts are formed and product structure optimization leads to progressive price shifts between price zones
The product structure has been further optimized, the suv has recovered, and the structural balance has helped to increase the resilience to the risks. The company has developed a whole product layout of sedans + suv+mpv, while in 2019, facilitated by Songpro and the Tang series, the suv sales increased significantly to 55%, indicating the attractiveness of the company’s suv product to consumers. This has led to partial relocation of the company’s main vehicle, a decrease of between 5 percentage points and 28% in the previous year.
The price zone was gradually moving upwards, with an increase of more than 100,000. In 2019, the vehicle fleet of less than $100,000 was reduced by about 6 to 43 per cent, the vehicle fleet of 100,000 to 200,000 was raised by about 3 to 33 per cent, the main price zone was moved gradually, and branding was gradually upgraded.
In addition to covering a wide range of cars, positioning intermediates, and high value for money to ensure a stable consumer group, one of the three drivers of a vehicle can meet the diverse needs of different cities and user groups.
In 2019, the Biadi traditional vehicle and new energy vehicles were sold with a strong multi-car model.
Somev, Qindm, Songdm, etc., are in sale, and in the traditional use of vehicles, Songmax, Tang, Qinpro, F3 are in sale. The Royal Dynasty model as Biadi’s main vehicle, and the top three of the 19-year sales rankings are Song, Yuanev, Songmax, Yuen, Yuanev, Tang, Tang.
In 2019, the sum of 177,000 items in the Song series increased by 26.4 per cent and the sum of 76.7 million in the Tang series increased by 23.6 per cent, with Song, Yuanev, 62,000 and 61,000, respectively, accounting for 44.4 per cent of the total, a significant increase from 41.76 per cent in 2018 and a more balanced increase in the share. The Tang family has formed “five + six + seven” and “five + seven” and “five + six + seven” respectively.
“Fuels + double-models + double-models trihydrium + pure electricity” and “Advanced prices of 150,000 to 300,000” are powerful suv product matrix layouts. Biadizon, as an older model, re-modified in the medium term, once again became a middle-flow pillar.
Inner, full-time accelerator power four-drive and 100-km fuel costs two litres. Biadi's iron phosphate battery technology clearly separates it from other brands and shapes its own image of technological capability. The company has also mastered the core technical chain of "Tel-Electrator-Electrometer Control" to create a line that reduces the supply chain from the 19-year list of pure electricity and commingled Top10 sales. Biadeev, e5 places in the list of pure electricity sales.
Two or seven of them, 62,000 and 29,000, respectively, while Don and Qinpro were ranked first and fourth in the mixed sales list, with 34,000 and 17,000 respectively, reflective of the strength of the new energy sector, which was favoured by consumers.
Guangzhenghangseng Chart 33: Top 10bev in 2019 (millions) Tangdm is popular for the only level B plug-in hybrid.
A combination of two power units, six speeds, combined with a combined power of 500 horsepower and a 4.5-second acceleration of 100 km, with a pure relay of 80-100 km. Compared to their counterparts, there are more money, more price zones, and more consumer groups. Donev has a significant advantage in power performance than his counterparts. Donev's performance range is 500 km, battery capacity 82.8kwh, battery capacity.
Energy density is 161wh/kg, with a maximum capacity of 360kw and a 100km acceleration of 4.3s, with a greater advantage in power performance compared to that of a passenger vehicle, while the closed front-face big mouth and the 1-shaped vent on both sides have a visual shock. 2.2 Dynasty series and e series go in, with the "Han" power in 2020 driving brands
After the intensive introduction of the new model in 18-19, the Dynasty series has now been introduced in the Qin, Tang, Song, and Yuan series. The Dynasty series has been launched seven years ago; in 2013, the Biadi First Dynasty was listed in Qin; in 2015, Biaditang and Song were listed; in 2016, Biadi won was listed, and there are other derivatives, such as Songpro, Songmax, Qinpro, etc.
The hybrid version, as well as the ev pure-trailer model, with Songpro and Qinpro in the semi-segregated model, also have fuel fuel, dm in the electric version of Donev 600, new energy versions of Songmax and Songpro, and continue to be distributed at the mid-to-high end, with the addition of Biadehan ' s listing in 2020, which is expected to contribute to a further increase in sales.
The e series is complementary to the Dynasty series, whose main product is the a0-a-class sedan, which stabilizes the low-to-low-end market in pure electricity.e The e series, which has a price range of $61,400,000, will further improve the structure of the company ' s products. E5 was launched in March 2018, 3798 were sold in the current month, the ring was increased by 3,000, and in 2019 Biadi completed the layout of s2, e1, e2, e34 new cars, and will be launched at a higher level in the future.
In 2010, the first hybrid vehicle (f3dm) was launched based on the igbt technology. e6 entered the taxi market in Shenzhen City during the same period.
The State name of the dynasty was named as an opening of the dynasty series. The Tang, Song, and Won series were launched to expand the layout. Starting in 2018, with the replacement of the main car, Tang, the new stage of development, and the fast-growing e-platform e series, the new model has helped to stabilize the new energy vehicle sector.
The company ' s new energy vehicle product line will be fully upgraded and sales are expected to recover at 20h2. The new model will be rolled out from March 2018 and will peak at 2018 by the end of the year; more will be added in 19
With the introduction of new models in 2018 and 2019, with the addition of 20-year-old Han and other annual transfers, more competitive models will boost consumer demand and, after the impact of the fall in subsidies and the outbreak, the company is expected to recover at 20h2.
The Ministry of Trade and Communications published the second batch of "Recommended Catalogues for the Promotion of New Energy Cars" in 2020, the Biadehanev and Dm. The official evaluation is "The Double Dragon Mask Today" and the "Han +" class is "B" car.
The advantage of a variety of competitive advantages is that Biadi is a new experiment in the area of cars, with higher requirements for the quality, configuration and stratification of the vehicle itself, and that Biadi will gradually move away from the low-end image in the area of cars and create a higher-end brand image. He is the product of Bia Di's first “two-face design”, while Hanev is divided into single- and double-power vehicle models in the power side, while interior decorating high-end vehicles.
, using two steering wheels, a liquid crystal instrument, a medium-sized large screen size of 15.6 inches, and a rotating design.
Diagram 39: Biadehan logo Chart 40: Biadehan concept chart
The torque 330n.m, nedc extension mileage of 605 km, equipped with phosphate lithium “blade cells” with a battery system energy density of 140wh/kg; Bialdihandm carries a hybrid system of 2.0t engines and electric machines with a maximum power of 141kw, with a maximum power capacity of 180kw, and a maximum power capacity of 330n.m. In addition, Hanev applied self-researching “high-performance carbonated silicate mosfet motor control module” for the first time, and used both front and back.
A full-time four-wheel drive, with a total power of 363 kw before-and-forward power of 0-100 km/h acceleration, takes 3.9 seconds. At the price angle, Han is expected to have a start-up price of 290,000, along with a model3 price range of 300,000; from a diversity perspective, Han has mixed power and a pure power version, which will lead to the selection of two power-motivated formulations that match the preferences of different consumers for a sedanial run; in terms of size, the size is larger.
On February 21, 2020, the National Patent Office, Bubya Dizonmaxev, re-directed for the first time since the first appearance of the Adi Sonmax, 2017, with a prior face change.
The car was reportedly coded sa3, located between Songpro and Tang, and is expected to launch the gasoline, dm and v editions, which are widely known as guangzhenghangseng
In the context of the Songpro price range of $US 898-1299 million, it is reported that the full new suv start-up price is expected to be around $100,000.
2.3.1 Continued focus on investment in research and development, introduction of top international design teams to enhance brand image and competitiveness Introduction of an international design team to further enhance corporate brand image and market competitiveness, with dragon elements forming a unique design voice as the origin of the design. In 2016, Wolfgang Egg joined Biade, bringing with it a brand-new design language, "dragonface", which was created as a former Audi brand.
He's come to upgrade Biade's shape design, and to enrich design experience and design ideas for limo brands. Using dragons as the point of design, it's China's Swiss animal status: strong, confident, symbol of leadership and master of energy. From "dragonface1.0" to "dragonface 2.0" and "evdragonface" to "vdragonface."
Byadi has successfully integrated China's Long Totem into car design, and has integrated national and world designs, providing not only first-class issues and topics for car design, but also stimulating consumer thinking about Chinese car brand design. In addition, the company has invited other international masters to do the knife themselves, including former Mercedes-S-class interior designer, Mr. Michel Paganetti, as head of Biadi's global interior design; and former Ferrari designer, Mr. Hu.
As a new starting point for the interpretation of electric aesthetics in Chinese culture, and as a sign that Biadi’s products have been converted from one-wheel drive of “technology” to “technology-plus-design.” The Biadi Global Design Center was inaugurated in June 2019, with the idea of creating a global “future urban transport product,” with product designs ranging from motor vehicles to rail transport.
The design style and model of the dragonface is recognized by the consumer. Domestic car consumers have increased their demand for product appearance and quality, and “face value” is becoming more and more important in consumer decision-making, so many Chinese car brands have realized the importance of design for brand upgrading and market expansion.
The company maintains a long-term high investment in R & D, ensuring that technology and product performance are industry leaders. The company continues to invest in R & D, investing in product technology, with a team of 35,000 R & D staff, with R & D spending of $5.63 billion in 2019, or 4.4 per cent, compared to Aadi's six largest in the world.
Gwangzhenghangseng has deployed several R & D centers including Shenzhen Global R & D Center, Changzhou New Energy Car R & D Center, Hong Kong Electric Car R & D Center, Hong Kong
By the end of 2019, Biadi had accumulated more than 27,000 patents, had authorized more than 18,000 patents, and had maintained patent applications for inventions for more than 60% of the company's annual patent application for years.
2.3.2bna architecture covers three main power systems, covering the entire value chain, and further improving efficiency and quality bna (bydnewartechture) architecture = vehicle-type platforms plus power systems plus electronic systems plus ecosystems, which integrates the development of advanced technologies.
In September 2018, Biadi, based on changes in the market for automobile consumption and new future patterns, creatively presented the bna architecture, based on full openness, to move both fuel and new energy vehicles to high-level intelligent cars in line with the needs of the times, and to succeed with the introduction of the first model Qinpro based on this concept, with Songmax taking over to the next generation of Tang.
The bna architecture, known as “high-class smart cars, high-priced car incubators”, will be designed for the top layers of the new era of car creation and will fully optimize the entire value chain of Biadi's car production, intellectuals, research and development, procurement, etc., covering platforms such as intellectuals, intellectuals, autopilots, new energy sources, and will continue to penetrate into future product matrices, reducing costs while increasing production efficiency and product performance. Specifically, a vehicle-type platform:
bsp, bmp, blp, for small, medium, large vehicles; power systems: fuel, dm, e platforms (pure electric power); electronic systems: dilink systems, other electronic devices, etc.; ecosystems: app, smart driving modules, etc. . Improved efficiency and stability in car-building, reduction in the development cycle of new vehicles, acceleration of the introduction of new models - through bna platform structures, compatibility of spare parts, etc.
Sharing reduces the overall complexity of products, shortens the cycle of vehicle-type R & D development, enables the rapid roll-out of new models, while increasing the performance, quality, stability and durability of products, and ensures consistency in the quality of vehicles. The time, energy, and cost of increasing the speed and efficiency of vehicle-type R & D is also used to further invest in technological R & D and product quality.
High compatibility and interoperability can reduce the costs of R & D manufacturing - design of components through modularized car-making concepts and standardization, integrated components - thinking about the high compatibility and interoperability of bna's full power, such as the Dynasty's whole-generation Tang family body module that can be shared directly with the whole-generation Don ev, as well as other cars that share R & D and manufacturing costs under the bna technology architecture and reduce product R & D and manufacturing.
Greater freedom and space for vehicle design, improved vehicle-type performance, quality, safety, flexibility to respond to the needs of different markets and consumer groups - bna architecture for technology sharing among the different models under the Biadi brand, the various brands under the flag, and the flexibility to create market-specific physical changes and to reflect the demands of regional configurations more quickly
Consumers can produce more competitively and technologically high-quality products – the three main power systems (fuel, dm, v) – that can be produced on the same platform, while improving production efficiency while reducing the overall complexity of the product, thus increasing its stability and durability.
For consumers, it means that higher value for money can be used to purchase good products of good quality. Figure 45: Biadibna platform characteristics bna platform
Guangzhenghangseng achieves full area coverage of traditional fuel power, double-model hybrid power and pure electric power. Three major car-making platforms — blp large luxury car platforms, bmp medium luxury cars — are extended with the key words `luxury', `cross-grade', `trust'
A fully fledged platform for internationalization and a bsp mini-limous car platform to achieve a full range of vehicles.
Lead the intelligent aico, based on a powerful it gene, with the dilink smart network system and d++ open ecology at its core.
In a global, exclusive approach to open vehicle sensors and control, we're actively integrating the world's leading autopilot technology, the autopilot platform.
Technology, enabling intelligent transport systems in intelligent cities, fully innovative third-generation dm technology, "542" black technology, autonomous bydigbt chips, leading the world's new energy.
New vertical integration of the “e platform” for core technology, and the latest three-dollar lithium battery, 2.3.3e platform technologies are open for sharing, cost reduction and vehicle-building efficiency.e The concept of “33111” is proposed by the platform to achieve full vehicle weight reduction and energy efficiency and reliability through highly integrated, one-stop control, etc.
The concept of “33111” includes a power drive triad, a high-pressure controller triad, a pcb board, a power cell and a smart network control screen. The listing of the Biadeeev vehicle in June 2018 marks the official supply of the Biadee Pair. The high integration of the power, control and transformers of the power drive, i.e., the three-drive system, will increase the density of the twister by 17%.
Power density rises by 20 per cent, weight decreases by 25 per cent, volume decreases by 30 per cent, Nedc efficiency targets increase by 1 per cent and total cost decreases by 33 per cent; pressure three-one combined systems dc-dc, chargers and distribution boxes reduce weight by 25 per cent, power density increases by 25 per cent and product costs by 43 per cent; and a board is about to set a single pcb board for control modules such as instrumentation, air conditioners, sound, smart keys, etc.
Reduction of spare parts, reduction of costs, enhancement of stability, standardization of extension applications; one screen, a smart auto-rotation screen with the "dilink system" on board; and one battery, a long-duration, stable battery.e Platform integration and standardization are a collection of corporate technical designs and innovations, resulting in a more efficient and less costly standardized modularization design.
High-integral design to reach the limit of space compression makes it easier to develop standardized modules that create a highly standardized, pure electric vehicle platform that minimizes space occupancy, minimizes costs, maximizes space use, optimizes vehicle performance.e The platform covers multiple levels of vehicle type, supports a different range of vehicles, and a platform provides users with high-value, high-performance, high-quality and differentiated vehicle-type products.
The development and standardization of the Biade platform effectively reduces the cost of spare parts and vehicle development, thus balancing price and performance.e The platform is a collection of technological upgrades and innovations, with the cost and performance of purely electric automobile manufacturing being optimized, and the product-driven development of the new energy automobile industry, which in turn enhances the market position by creating a better market environment than the industry.
Most of them include the Dynasty Network (with Yuanev, Donev, Songmaxev, etc.) and the eNet (with e5, e1, as well as the series of s and m to be launched in the future).e Open sharing of platforms will benefit from industry-wide development.
By opening up the platform, Biadei can bring together a technology community that shares the platform, which, on the one hand, can optimize the platform and, on the other hand, is an extension of the Biadi brand, which will allow Biadi to export its technical standards. In addition, other firms enter not only as a share, but also those that do not have the capacity to develop a platform for electric cars, and can use the platform to make cars when authorized to do so, thereby reducing the overall sale of electric cars.
Wireless Henghangseng Chart 46: Biadee Platform Concept
Figure 47: Biadie platform triads, integration of three components: power drive, power controller and deceleration, reduction of complex connections between components, reduction of the number of wire beams, thus making the overall structure more compact, smaller, lighter and costly
. With the achievement of the trio drive, Biadi currently has five drivers, including 40kw, 70kw, 120kw, 150kw, 150kw, and 180kw, with different power-driven models at different levels. Obc (car charger), dc-dc (direct flow-direct switcher), pdu (high voltage distribution power source) from structure,
High-level integration, such as control and power layouts, has reduced size by 40%, increased power density by 40%, reduced overall weight by 25%, and effectively reduced costs. Not only can it reduce the safety risks of pure electric cars, make them safer, high voltage triads, but it can also serve as an emergency power supply, power the entire vehicle, and achieve "car-to-car-car-to-car."
Wireless Henghangseng 2.3.4 dilink smart web network building auto ecology
The Dilink smart network system, which is based on the latest technology and user insight, such as mobile interconnection, smartai, voice recognition, car networking, big data, is a fully autonomous, self-researched smart network system, developed through software and hardware innovation. It is led by the Biadi Institute for Product Planning and New Automotive Technology.
The Institute of Automotive Engineering organizes and works collaboratively on systems-level products that are unique, intelligent, and open. Biadi is also a relatively small number of companies in the country that have been authorized by Andre to customize and optimize the system in depth, to transform auto multimedia into a fully open and angloid ecology, to run more than 3 million apps of a rotating human machine interactive intelligence system, and to bring consumer control over mobile phones.
At the same time, the first cloud-controlled smart network system in the country, the country's first brand to upgrade the entire bus, the country's first to come up with the concept of open ecology and open platforms, the industry's first to launch a car-in-theatre game, the first to create a full-scope digital key function, and so on. The upgraded dilink 2.0 has led to more easy intelligent operations for clients, such as bluetooth keys and nfc keys, full-interest transparency images, cloud services remote.
Images and applications of 4+million give users easy, efficient, rich, and safe motor life; working with depths such as Aliun to ensure that the entire network d+ Open Eco platform will provide a much larger and more powerful capability for the dilink smart network system. Biadi opens 341 sensors and 66 controls, combines the previously released dilink smart network system and numerous developers joining the d++ ecology, the Biadi superintelligent travel ecology.
D++ Open Eco is an open-source platform for vehicle-borne intelligence development that provides developers with open interfaces, vehicle data and control rights. It is divided into two major parts, namely, the Vehicle Applications Development Platform and the Auto-Driving Line Control Platform, according to the application direction. The Vehicle Applications Development Platform is a vehicle-borne application development tool (sdk simulator) for starters and provides global developers with progressive access to 341 sensors and 66 controls for letters.
Interest- and control-type signal sensors, Biadi will be gradually opened up in versions 1.0, 2.0 and autopilot developers. Autopilot platforms, as planned, Biadi will provide line-controlled vehicles, open control rights, and needle-based optimization for various companies that develop autopilot technologies, thereby reducing the difficulty of autopilot R & D and effectively reducing the length of the R & D process. Biadi ' s Automated Driving Program partners will be able to do so.
In addition, the intelligent application landscape is an important direction, and the 341 open sensors will generate immeasurable application ecology, and their developers will have over 1.5 million developers who are currently using the platform provided by Biadi to study intelligent applications, such as security systems in artificial smart cars, breaking warning systems, carbon credits applications, etc.
The scene will be infinite, and cars will provide a richer sense of perception and feedback, and with the spread of big data, block chains, artificial intelligence, developers will be able to study millions of applications and activate intelligent cars according to their own ideas.
Guangzhenghangseng 2.3.5dmm4.0 will be available to improve performance and further reduce the costs of mixing. Dm technological innovation will continue to be promoted in the development of Biadi.
Four hundred thousand, highlighting the importance of double-model technology in plug-in hybrid power technologies. In 2008, dm1.0 facilitated the emergence of a compact f3dm, with a combination of p1+p3 binoculars, which enabled the implementation of various modes of operation such as shutdown, pure power drive, hybrid drive, etc., which became the standard for the country's phev technology at the time.
The dm3.0, launched in 2018, is the first plug-in power technology in the industry with three structural patterns, with a high-voltage, high-power bsg power (p0) being the highlight point of the dm3.0 core technology upgrade. It reduces the occurrence of feed patterns, improves the smoothness of the switch between the hev and the ev models, improves the nvh and increases the charging efficiency through the dm3.0 pairs.
In addition to advances in batteries, electric machines, electrical control “three power technologies”, the “p0+p3+p4” structure has been built, with p0:bsg belt start-up/generator, self-activated, energy recovery, torque support, and more energy-efficient; p3: front axle power, increased front axle output, and accelerated kinetic response; p4: high power after-axis power, achieved full-time power four-drive.
dm4.0 Launch two editions: performance and economics, reducing vehicle prices and upgrading their technological advantages, expected to be launched in 21 years. Biadi has developed dm4.0 and plans to add more technological routes for lower-cost and more economic development, with new engines, new transmission boxes, new power structures for the next generation of products, and full upgrades. There are two routes, one of which preserves the original dynamic properties and maintains high performance;
Another route would be to introduce a more inclusive price based on existing performances, which would be more economical. The special economic version would be designed to meet the needs of ordinary consumers, while dm4.0 would also use new engines with heat efficiency of up to 41 per cent or more, plus the latest power grid, to achieve ultra-low fuel consumption while reducing consumer costs. Management indicated that the Dm4.0 would be introduced at very low cost, only $22,000 more than a fuel truck.
3 New energy car policies are positive, sales and profitability are expected to improve 3.1 rickshaws, new energy cars are gaining ground, pure electricity markets are increasing further, and 3.1.1 rickshaws: traditional unit prices continue to rise, overall rickshaws are more stable and have risen in 19 years
In 2019, the revenue from new energy cars increased, but the profits from moving car plates recovered. In 2019, the revenue from cars and related products was $63.27 billion, a decline of 16.8 per cent compared to the previous year, with conventional car revenues falling by 2 per cent to $23.12 billion, and new energy automobile revenues by 23 per cent to $40.145 million respectively. The net profit from automobile plates fluctuated considerably, with net profits from car plates increasing by 16.7 per cent to $2.53 billion in 19 years, mainly from the 19-year Māori rate.
The product structure was optimized, traditional bicycle revenues continued to rise, and rickshaw revenues were relatively stable, rising in 19 years. The company's rickshaw revenues have risen steadily in recent years, from 17.8 per cent in Cagr in 15-18 to a slight drop of 6 per cent to $137 million in 19 years, mainly as a result of the decline in revenues from new energy bicycles, which fell to $175,000 in 19 and increased unit prices to traditional cars.
The increase in brand power and the further optimization of the product structure resulted in an increase of 15.4 per cent to around $100,000 in 19 years in revenue from traditional bicycles. The increase in single-car Māori, single-car Māori, increased by 4 to 30,000 yuan per year, while the net profit of bicycles recovered by 18 per cent to 0.55 million.
Figure 55: Biadi ' s Māori and Growth Rate 3.1.2 New Energy Motors (NEVs) have been consolidated, with the city ' s share continuing to rise to the top in the country ' s number-one share of new energy sales in the last five years, exceeding half to 53% in 19 years. As the company ' s new energy vehicle sales continue to grow, the company ' s share continues to grow.
The share of new energy sales has risen steadily in recent years, from 22.8 per cent in 16 years to 53.4 per cent in 19 and more than half in 19 years, benefiting from the introduction of a multi-model new car with both pure electricity and hybrids in 19 years. Structuredly, the share of company pure electric cars rose from 9.7 per cent to 35.6 per cent in 16-19, and the share of plug-in hybrids from 10.5 per cent to 16 per cent.
Under the scenario, the net electricity sales of companies increased by 48 per cent to 154,000 vehicles on a year-on-year basis, 15.6 points to 35.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly in Yuanev and Qinev. Sales rose significantly, reaching 62,000 and 17.5 million, respectively, throughout the year, while sales of e5 also reached 29,300, highlighting the strong competitiveness of the pure electricity products of the Department.
In 19 years, Qindm, which contributed the highest amount of sales, dropped by 65%, while Songdm also lost 33% in the same year. Biadi won the country's six-year share of new energy sales, with a significant increase in the share of pure electricity. The company's share of new energy cars in the country and its leading position remained stable, with the company's share of new energy cars in 2019 standing at 19%, up from about 6.5 points in the second North.
The company’s annual net electricity sales grew at a rate of 48%. In 19 years, the mixed market accounted for 31.2%, except for the industry as a whole, where the 18-year-old main dm model showed a marked decline in 19 years.
New-energy automobile sales were ranked first in the world for the fourth consecutive year in 15-18 years, and despite a decline in new-energy automobile sales in 2019, the advantage of the industry remained significant, with companies ranked second in the global new energy market at 11%, while companies accounted for 9% of the world’s pure electricity. By 2019, Biadi’s cumulative sales of new-energy vehicles had surpassed 730,000, second only to Tesla’s global position in the industry.
The company is expected to benefit from the extension of the subsidy and the implementation of the details of the extension of the subsidy and the local promotion of consumption policies.
China’s new energy vehicle sales have fallen for the first time since 2019, and consumption demand is still more affected by the 19 subsidy downturn – 50%. As the Ministry of Trade and Finance indicated last September that it would insist on a national strategy for the development of new energy vehicles, it is expected that policies will be introduced this year to promote the consumption of new energy vehicles and mitigate the impact of the fall in subsidies on the industry.
After the transition period, the company’s pure-trailer model will basically meet the upper limit of the subsidy range, such as the continuation of 400 km or more and the energy density of the battery 160wh/kg or more (the energy density of the company’s tri-dollar battery reached in 19 years).
160wh/kg with an energy density of 140 wh/kg for lithium phosphate batteries.
The subsidy was extended to 2022, with a clear downside, a narrow reduction in the subsidy, a small increase in the catch-up threshold, an expected recovery in demand, and a more technologically advanced and cost-effective car company. On 23 April this year, the four ministries issued the Principles for Improving the Financial Reciprocal Application of New Energy Vehicles Annual Subsidies, which are 20% lower than the previous year, 30% lower than the previous year, 10% lower than the previous year, and 20% lower than the previous year for commercial vehicles.
The upper limit is approximately 2 million vehicles. Of these, the minimum duration mileage by vehicle subsidy has been increased from 250 km to 300 km, 300-400 km by vehicle base subsidy, 16.2 million yuan per vehicle by vehicle, and over 400 km base subsidy, 22.5 million yuan per vehicle by vehicle. In addition, the purchase price for the new model requires that the pre-sale price for the passenger vehicle subsidy should be less than $300,000.
The transition period is set at three months from the date of publication to 22 July, during which vehicles that meet the technical targets of 2019 but do not meet the technical targets of 2020 are awarded a standard 0.5 times subsidy, and vehicles that are sold on the basis of the technical targets of 2020 are subsidized at the 2020 standard. In terms of absolute value of the subsidy, the reduction in the subsidy is by 2020.
In the smallest year, it will help stimulate the recovery of new energy car demand this year, with a ceiling of less than $300,000 and a ceiling of 2 million vehicles, mainly for empowerment, which will be more beneficial to head-car companies, especially those with technological leadership and cost advantages, and will help to boost their profitability.
After a decline in automobile sales in 18 and 19 years + the impact of the epidemic, the government is expected to accelerate the introduction of policies to support automobile consumption this year, and companies will benefit from a recovery in market demand. Since July 18 years, automobile sales have been on the rise for many months, while 19 years have been a modest year of policy implementation.
The first decline in 19 years was also caused by China’s new energy vehicle sales, which were also affected by the fall in subsidies. This year q1 was affected by the epidemic, with a marked decline in vehicle sales, with a corresponding decline of 56.4% to 114,000 vehicles in 20q1. The market expects more policies to stabilize and support car consumption.
Since the beginning of February, President Xi has hosted a meeting of the Standing Committee of the Central Political Bureau on the response to the epidemic, which has indicated the need to drive the consumption of cars and related products, and the subsequent issuance of vehicle-related policy guidelines by the Ministries of Commerce, Development and Reform and Trade and Communications, which now focus on promoting the consumption of new and renewable vehicles, encouraging appropriate increases in the number and number quotas in areas where cars are restricted, launching cars for old and new, and promoting smart car development, among other things, will be beneficial.
Stimulus policies for the consumption of new energy vehicles are expected to move forward, and companies are expected to benefit from the recovery of industrial demand. Successive policies to support the promotion of new energy automobile consumption have been implemented, together with a clear reduction in subsidies for the acquisition of new energy and an exemption from the acquisition tax policy, which will be extended to 22 years, to stabilize the expectation that consumers will simultaneously drive demand up and the company is expected to benefit fully.
Programmes and policies to promote automobile consumption and the promotion of new energy vehicles, with incentives of a specific amount, are expected to be introduced throughout the country to promote the introduction of automobile consumption policies that are adapted to local conditions and promote the implementation of stable car consumption. On March 31, the State Council issued a new energy vehicle acquisition subsidy and an exemption from the purchase tax policy, which will be extended for 2 to 2022, while on April 23, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Industry and Informatics, the Ministry of Science and Technology, and the Development Reform Commission.
The four ministries issued a circular on improving the fiscal subsidy policy for the promotion of new energy vehicles, which explicitly extended the fiscal subsidy policy for the promotion of new energy vehicles until the end of 2022. According to the circular, in principle, the 2020-2022 subsidy rate dropped from 10 per cent to 20 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, on the basis of the previous year, and the overall flat subsidy fell from the slope to the pace. In principle, the subsidy ceiling is about 2 million vehicles per year.
Three hundred thousand dollars or less, to encourage the development of a new business model of “power-for-power” and to accelerate the spread of new energy vehicles, with the exception of “power-for-model” vehicles. The extension and reduction of subsidies will facilitate the recovery and development of the new energy automobile industry, help ease corporate profit pressures, introduce more cost-effective models, and stabilize consumer expectations of subsidies, which will further stimulate consumer demand for new energy cars.
Subsidization in favour of new energy vehicles is more efficient, promotes the competitiveness of new energy vehicles, aligns new energy vehicles with traditional fuel vehicle prices, accelerates higher penetration of new energy vehicles, and will also promote the domesticization of new energy vehicles to help upgrade and optimize the supply of industrial chains.
It is expected to benefit fully from this policy, and profits are expected to improve.
Figure 66: Summary of Automotive Consumption Policies in the Provinces and Municipalities, 2020
China’s new energy auto industry has less than 2% penetration, and, according to future development plans, the new energy auto industry has enormous potential and space. To achieve the country’s new energy auto industry development goals as set out in the National Plan, it will continue to encourage the future healthy development of the new energy automobile industry, focusing on four areas of work: increasing the size and proportion of the industry in the context of market restructuring; and improving the quality of product performance in the context of integrated innovation.
Efficiency gains in open competition; fourth, expansion of market applications in rural revitalization. By 2025, new car sales in new energy vehicles had reached around 25%, and new car sales in smart network cars had reached 30%; at the same time, the average electricity consumption in new vehicles in pure power by vehicles had been reduced to 12 kWh/100 km by 2025, and the average fuel consumption in new vehicles in plug-in (with an increment) by vehicles had fallen to 2 litres/100 km. The cost of new vehicles in new energy was expected to fall to reduce to 2 litres/km.
The improvement of the Guangzhenghangseng and the charging facilities will further increase the parameter technology and price advantage of the future model, which will lead to more growth in the industry, influenced by macro- and industry- and policy-related factors, a 19-year drop in the company's vehicle sales and a drop in the impact of the epidemic this year.
The volume of domestic automobile sales has declined for 18 and 19 years, mainly as a result of macroeconomic and industrial influences, while the volume of new energy and automobile sales began to decline from 19h2 after the fall of subsidies in 19 years. The volume of new domestic energy vehicles in 19 was 1.26,000, a decline of 4 per cent compared to the previous year. Of these, 972,000, a decrease of 1.2 per cent, were sold in pure electric vehicles; and 232,000, a decrease of 14.5 per cent, was sold in plug-in hybrid vehicles.
In 2019, the total volume of vehicles sold in Biadei was 461,000, a decrease of 11 per cent in the same year; 15 per cent to 232,000 conventional passenger vehicles were sold on the same date, an average of 38,000 per month for the same year and a peak of 469,000 in March. Despite the impact of the fall in subsidies, the company’s new energy use vehicle reached 28.9 per cent in almost three years and is at a higher rate of increase. q1 in 20 years, affected by the epidemic, the company’s new energy vehicle sales were 22,000.
Of these, 306,000 vehicles were sold in March, a 35% drop in the same year, with 12,300 new energy vehicles, a 59% decrease in the same year, and 183,000 fuel vehicles, a 10% increase in the same year. With the introduction of policy measures to support car consumption around the world this year, and the announcement of a two-year extension of the State subsidy for new energy vehicles, the gradual recovery of production capacity and demand after the epidemic, company vehicle sales are expected to be accompanied by a gradual recovery in industry this year.
The sale of Han and other new energy sources and re-engineer models is expected to pick up further at 20h2.
During the year, company stock levels increased, mainly due to a marked decline in retail sales at 19h2, with a cumulative annual inventory of 8.37 million vehicles. In January 2020, 4 new power core technologies became available and 4.1 battery business strategies became open, with further value released in the future.
4.1.1 The vertically integrated model of power cell technology controls the costs adequately, and ensures product quality. The power cell is Biadi's early development business. Battery was the birthplace of Biadi.
In 2009, the “silicon strategy” (the three main product lines of solar power generation, storage power stations, new energy cars) was developed to further extend its core competitiveness.
+ Active discharge + passive discharge, which allows vehicles to break their power automatically and release their current high voltage quickly in the event of a collision. By leak protection + short-circuit protection + cross-flow protection, vehicles leak, short-circuit, and in the event of a transit, the whole vehicle is cut off from high-pressure and physical safety is protected.
The power control determines the control of the entire vehicle, and the power cell determines the ease and safety of the new energy vehicle. The cost of three electricity in a pure electric vehicle directly determines the competitiveness of the new energy source car. Biadi has the technological autonomy of a complete industrial chain from battery, machine to power control, has the advantage of an entire chain of integration that no competitor can match in the wave of a new energy vehicle, and is a vertical integration model that will break down a chain of supply chains.
The supply chain system is one of the most important underpinnings of the entire automobile industry, with a large supply chain system that supports, vertically, a huge cost advantage and avoids some risk. The self-sufficiency model, in addition to reducing costs, improving product quality control, has a strong value for money.
Cars, other than tyres and glass, are self-manufactured in their main core parts, including equipment tools for the production of cars, parts and components, etc., whose self-sufficiency ratios exceed 50%, or even up to 60%, fully reflect their strong self-creation. More than Yadi’s vertical integration strategy makes full use of resources, saves costs, improves product quality control, and creates product price advantages, has some.
To improve the competitiveness of products. Because of the high Māori rate of batteries, diaphragms, lithium processing, electrolytic fluids in the current automotive chain, self-production can significantly reduce costs and the flow of significant funds to suppliers; when high-quality battery capacity is low or raw materials are not available, this can reduce the impact of production limitations; the shift from fuel to new energy vehicles is a industry-led trend, while changes are needed in the engine to the generator etc.
The advantage of self-researching is that the sector can quickly move forward with the adjustment, help and strategy of the failure of R & D.
Libiadi invented the first plug-in hybrid new energy vehicle. Reuse in the new energy industry is a relatively unique industry feature, and batteries recovered as storage cells when less than 70 per cent of electricity is not working are still a good product, reducing the cost of storage batteries significantly, and even further disassembly core materials to take full advantage of them.
4.1.2 Keeping power cells in second place is expected to benefit further from increased industrial concentration The company's independent battery manufacturing plant has a deep industrial base for many years in the battery industry, ranking in the third and third places in 19 for tri-dollar and lithium-powered batteries, respectively. Domestic power cell loads reached 62gwh in 2019, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period, e.g. for new energy sources according to national plans
Car sales will reach 25 per cent in 2025, with power cell loads expected to reach over 300gwh in 2025, cagr will reach about 30.1 per cent and market development needs will be high. New energy vehicle sales will fall by 4 per cent to 1.26,000 vehicles in 19 as a result of the subsidy slope, but the battery load will rise, indicating an increase in the battery capacity and continuity of the vehicle on average.
Biadi had a three-dollar battery load of 7.98gwh for the year 2019, with 19% in the city, followed by Catl, which has remained stable in the industry in recent years; Lithium battery loads of 2.98gwh in the city, with 14% in the city, followed by Catl and the National Hydraulics, which were reduced by business transfer. In 2019, the company will replace the three-dollar battery in the vehicle, while passenger vehicles will continue to use the phosphate lithium battery.
Energy cars simultaneously subsidize policies and market demand for high energy density of batteries, with three-dollar lithium batteries becoming the main option, with the company increasing the size of the battery by 16% in 19 years, while the capacity of the battery increased by 37.5% in the same year, mainly as a result of a marked drop in the load of passenger vehicles. The technical route of the powered battery is two, one with a high safety, longer life and relatively low cost.
In passenger vehicles; while the three-dollar battery has the advantage of having a high energy density and good circulation performance, it is currently used mainly in passenger vehicles, and the company will continue to invest in research and development in these two technical areas to steadily advance the technological advancement of the battery.
Figure 80: The city share of lithium power cell 3 in 2015-2019, where the company is predominantly self-supporting, is affected by a decline in industry sales over 19 years, but the combined load of power cells remains the second largest in industry.In 2019, the total aggregate load of company power cells and storage batteries was approximately 12.3gwh, of which 10.76gwh was installed in power cells, with a market share.
17.3% compared to the semi-market space occupied by Catl, the share is stable. The company’s sales of new energy vehicles have declined in 19h2 as a result of the fall in subsidies, and in the case of batteries predominantly self-supplied, the decline in their own demand has also had an impact on the volume of installed aircraft throughout the year. Despite the slight fluctuations in the market’s share over the past 17 years, it has remained relatively stable, ranking second in recent years.
Industry shuffling has intensified, and companies are gradually opening up to supply and battery technology will benefit further from a sustained increase in industry concentration. In 2019, Biyadi, Beijing, Guangbus, Shanghai, Gilly, the top five vehicles, accounted for 50% of the entire new energy car market, but with the exception of Biyadi, the four others were battery-supplied in the Ninder era, and the basic head of the new car was working with them, so their 19-year share was large.
Guangzhenghangseng has increased slightly. Power batteries have been 92 per cent cr, 83 per cent cr, 77 per cent cr3 throughout 2019, of which three-dollar batteries have been 94 per cent, cr 5 85 per cent and cr 3 78 per cent; lithium batteries have been relatively concentrated at 99 per cent, cr 5 at 96 per cent and cr 3 at 86 per cent.
Travel requirements indicate that more than half of the vehicles choose a single battery supplier, ~30% choose two battery suppliers, and the remaining 10% choose three to five battery suppliers, and that the company works mainly with the head battery company, which is expected to lead to a further increase in industry concentration. In 2017, there were 155 power cell companies in the country, and by 19 there were only 80 power cell manufacturers, of which there were only 80, which could actually be installed.
With the introduction of the company blade battery, the technology of the product will become more competitive and the external supply of the company battery will gradually increase. It is expected that the company will benefit further from increased industry concentration, a market share of 4.1.3 continued base building, and battery production planning will expand.
Based on its strategic development plan and client needs, it will pre-position its product expansion plan and adapt it flexibly to market conditions in order to guarantee a sufficient supply of future products. The company ' s battery capacity in 2019 was 40gwh, 24gwh, compared to 16gwh in 2017, and is expected to reach 60gwh in 2020 and over 100gwh in the future.
The company’s new energy vehicle is equipped with a constantly changing battery function, which is accompanied by an expansion of the battery base. The factory in Qinghai Nanchuan Industrial Park, covering 1,500 acres, uses the sixth-generation power cell line created by Biadi worldwide, which consists of nearly 100 robotics, smart logistics systems, agvs and mes information systems, which can be fully automated and computerized and can be fully automated.
Hardware, software, are smartly connected, and production efficiency leads by more than five years. A comparison of the three-dollar lithium batteries shows that cell energy density has increased from within 100 to 140-160wh/kg.
The Guangzhenghangseng project, with a total investment of $5 billion, produces an annual capacity of 20 gwhh. The project includes, among other things, the manufacture of core products, such as power cell cores, modules, and related ancillary industries, and will build a strategic base for new energy vehicles in China.
Power cell production, marketing, phased delivery of capacity according to the 10gwh plan, with 5-6gwh in one phase and 4-5gwh in two. Total fixed asset investment of 4 billion yuan and expected annual output of 13 billion yuan. 4.1.4 The power cell sector will be gradually opened up and will help to improve valuations in the future.
Implementation of an open-door strategy, mature business export sharing can promote industry development, export technology standards, cost sharing, optimize business architecture and further branding, leading to a collaborative win-win model. Companies have been selling their businesses and sharing them since 2015, as dividends have been reduced and business parts have been transformed.
Among the cutting edge technologies, e-platform technology is shared with global counterparts, and di-opening will lead to the full opening of 341 car sensors and 66 controls in Biadi vehicles, producing a super-car ecology with unlimited potential.
A technology community that shares the platform can be brought together, both to optimize the platform and to promote its own brand, to export its own technical standards. Biadi’s openness is based on vertical integration of its core technology, which in turn leads to new innovation and integration.
The restructuring of the organizational structure focused on new energy solutions and gradually expanded the use of batteries for off-the-shelf operations. In November 2017, the company began the restructuring of the organizational structure, which was reorganized into five major industries, namely, vehicles, commercial vehicles, cloud tracks, electronics, power cells, and became the founder of a new energy solution. In 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications announced that the first East Wind Group was the first to declare a new product of the 307th Road Motor Vehicle Production Enterprise and Products Bulletin.
Businesses using Biadi batteries. In 309 batches, they showed a pure electric low-entry city bus, while in December 29, 2017, both parties jointly established the new energy car company, Tudu Biadi. On July 5th, 2018, both sides began full-scale cooperation at the operational to capital levels on new energy sources, intelligence, overseas markets, shared travel, etc.
Suv-e-rock uses a three-dollar lithium cell in Biadi with a system energy density of 160.2 ww/kg and a continued range of up to 605 km.
Figure 89: Biadey's collaboration with East Wind Motors Chart 90: Chengdu Biadi's New Energy Motors Co. Ltd. entered the overseas car company supply chain for the first time and the company's electric platform technology and power cell quality was recognized to Toyota to help further strengthen the new energy collar
On July 19, 2019, Toyota and Biadi announced a contract to jointly develop a pure electric vehicle model for cars and low-floor disks, and the power cells needed for the above-mentioned products. Toyota brands can be used for the design of joint ventures and the development of pure electric cars, and both sides are hoping to meet consumer demand through the development and popularization of consumer-friendly pure electric vehicles, and are planning to place them on the Chinese market by 2025.
Biadi entered into a joint venture agreement for the establishment of a company for the development of pure electric vehicles, at 50 per cent of each cost, and on 25 March 2020 established the Biadi Toyota Motor Technology Company Ltd., with a registered capital of $345 million, to carry out such operations as a pure electric vehicle and the platforms used for the vehicle, the design of spare parts, the development of research, etc. Toyota and Biadi cooperated in the development of electric motor vehicle models and the provision of power cell development technology for Toyota.
The product will fully utilize the existing power platform technology and the supply of electrical parts in Biadi, and will be integrated into Toyota quality and safety control standards, reflecting the recognition of Biadi's new energy vehicle manufacturing technology and power cell quality. Biadi will enter the Toyota supply chain system to provide power cells for Toyota, which is the first time that the company has collaborated with overseas automobile brands in the supply of batteries and will help to upgrade Biadi's brand value and access others.
Toyota and Biadi have complementary advantages, and the scale effects and technical capabilities will be further enhanced. Toyota cars develop batteries such as hydrogen fuel cells and nickel hydrogen batteries, while pure electric cars use lithium and solid batteries, among other things.
With its own marketing channels and brand influence, Biadi can quickly move into the pure electric car sector to take over the market, while Biadi can gain more from the battery industry, while it can boost its branding worldwide, and Biadi can learn from Toyota advanced whole-car manufacturing, quality, and safety testing techniques. Biadi started the battery business in 1995 and has mastered three power core technologies, starting in 2015.
Toyota’s area of expertise, in terms of hybrid technology, is capable of enabling the full scale of the electric and new energy vehicle markets. Businesses like power cells have been launched in partnership with a number of car companies, promising to enter the supply chain of more global automobiles in the future.
G's acquisition of 77% of Qincheon's shares opened up the layout of the car, facilitated the build-up of technology in the int, battery industry and advanced vertical integration, and it achieved a significant cost advantage when the F3 roll-out in 2005 was launched, and several of the reverse-researched cars were also kept in good sales, with which Biadi has a stable market. In 2010, Daimler was set up, and in March 2018 he began to communicate with the North.
Since the launch of the Biadei Ecology, announced at the first Biadee Global Developmenter Congress in the month, hundreds of companies have joined the decouple as partners in the Biadee Auto-Intelligent Open Platform, including more than half of the leading auto-pilot companies, such as the autox from Silicon Valley. In 2019, working with Toyota in the area of pure electric power, late in 2019 and early in 2020, the company has also been active in exploring the world’s cities.
This year, the share of overseas sales is still low and is expected to rise gradually to about one third over the follow-up period.
In May 2017, Biadi was separated separately from the power cell sector, and the company expects Biadi's power cell company to be listed independently in 2022-2023. Biadi is currently the only one.
In the second half of 2018, Biadi’s power cell was opened to the outside world. The independent company, Biadi II, was more transparent in its finances, helping attract and expand more customers, and reducing the risk of falling sales from the industry itself. And now one of the branches of the business structure consists of secondary battery chargers and photovoltaics.
The industry is below 10%, after the Ningde era, where power batteries, as core parts of electric vehicles, are the first to benefit from the rapid growth of new energy vehicles, and when independently dismantled, the firm is expected to grow in size, while at the same time it is more conducive to raising funds to scale up its operations, upgrade battery performance, and capture a greater share of the market. At the Biadi level, unbundling batteries on the market will help raise its own asset premium.
It would be more beneficial for companies to upgrade their valuations, and would be more flexible in terms of asset transfers, injections and financing from the decentralized subsidiaries, expanding the space for asset-based activities. 4.2 Blade battery technology leads, resulting in reduced costs and high security.
Knife batteries have significantly reduced costs by ~30%, and long-lived, long-duration, safety, and value-for-money advantages will enhance the company’s competitiveness with phosphate lithium batteries. According to Biadi patents, lfp blade batteries can reach a maximum length of 2,500 mm, which is more than 10 times that of traditional common phosphate lithium batteries, leading to a significant increase in core composition efficiency.
600 km. Knife battery cost advantages are clear and are expected to result in a 30% reduction in costs, with ctp saving modules, structures, caps, and higher energy density in the core, which will also result in a significant reduction in costs. Battery volume energy density will increase by 50%, with a weight energy density of 150wh/kg, and will reach 160wh/kg in the future, which will not only save the cost of outsourcing Han components but will also help to highlight Han's characteristic advantages.
Blade cells use phosphate lithium as a raw material, with lower costs, life cycles, high temperature resistance, value for money and safety. Blade cells significantly increase their space utilization by 50% through innovative structural design. By means of structural innovation, Blade cells significantly increase the quality of the system and the energy density of the volume, removing the mesostructure of the “module” at the time of formation, making the battery system much more complex.
This has led to a significant increase in volume utilization, resulting in a design target of more cores in the same space, with higher product stability and lower failure rates. Through structural design, the optimization of the size of the core, and of the core and internal design, production processes and the optimization of the material formulation, the power cell space utilization rate has increased from 50 to 60 per cent compared to conventional batteries, meaning that there will be a significant increase in the mileage of the voyage, with the full life of the vehicle.
More than a million kilometers. The brightness of the blade battery will further reduce battery costs, while increasing volume energy density and the range, bringing consumers with a new energy vehicle of both high safety and high quality.
Chart 92: Knife Batteries Advantage Characteristics
High safety performance and strength advantages are highlighted by tests such as needle prickling. Traditional battery bags have 4-5 beams, while blade batteries have 100 beams in blade stacks, meaning 100 beams, and drawing on the design of cellular aluminum panels, two high-intensity panels are glued to the upper side of the bag to form a cellular cell, aluminium panel structural advantages, leading to a further increase in strength, and battery panels on the battery piles, making the battery safer.
This corresponds to different size cores and different configurations, and takes into account a two-layered system; for the integration of boxes, ctp has the traditional option of separation of the chassis from the casket, and there is also an integrated chassis program of both. Blade batteries, due to the use of phosphate iron for the material, are very thin, their battery structure is stable, their size changes are small during use, their thermal stability, uncontrolled temperature, their resistance to decay, their resistance to squeeze, and
The ability to pierce is much higher than that of a high nickel lithium battery. The high safety is reflected in the following: 1) In the needle puncture test, the battery voltage drops and the surface temperature rises very slightly, the puncture position does not burst with sparks, smoke or electrolyte, the battery shell does not burst, and within an hour of the puncture, the voltage and surface temperature of the puncture blade battery is very stable, with a surface temperature of 30-60 degrees, no burning and smoke-free.
e.g. 2) High temperature test, heat up to 300 degrees, battery unexploitated no fire, less than 500 degrees stable, slow heat discharged, low heat produced, no oxygen released at decomposition to reduce the risk of combustion; 3) squeeze test, no fire after breakup is smoked; 4) extra charge test, simulation of third-level protection of charge poles and trams, no fire after 260% of blades.
Knife batteries will be developed on their own and will share technology with the world. The company's technology autonomy, on the one hand, has been patented, forming technical walls, and, on the other hand, processes and equipment, largely developed by the company itself, and other competitors will take a long time to catch up. The company has announced that it will share technology globally in the future, and it has indicated that most brands are talking to the company about technical cooperation on blade batteries.
Production base, with a total investment of 10 billion yuan, annual capacity of 20 gwh, fully automated production, successfully produced in March 2020 and expected to be 5-6 gwh for 20 years.
4.3 The electric power and control city was led by the igbt, which covered the entire industrial chain and was expected to be removed from the market, with Biadi occupying the power and power poles, with a market share of 25.2 per cent and 23.4 per cent respectively, the main players in the market for new-energy motors and electric controls.
Guangzhenghangseng is divided into two broad categories, namely, a whole car factory with a self-producing capacity or supply chain, such as Biadi, North Gas, etc., and a supplier specializing in car parts and components or electrical control products, which can also be divided into specialized car parts and components suppliers (Bosbo, Mainland, etc.) and specialized electric power control.
Manufacturers (Shanghai power drive, Shanghai County, etc.) and traditional generators, transformers (Sinkuan technology, British Witten, etc.). Biadi accumulated a wealth of power-controlled research and development capabilities and achieved autonomous power-applied power systems, which in recent years have been the top of the list, both power-loaded and power-controlled. Corporate power and power-control systems cover a variety of family-based products with different power levels, and are fully applied to new energy under the flag using vehicles, electric buses, etc.
The number of electric power units in 209h1 was 163654, an increase of 73.12 per cent, with the city leading by 25.2 per cent, and the number of electro-powers in 13,618 was about 16 points, while the number of electro-controls in 13,618 was 90.23 per cent. The city was 23.4 per cent in the lead by the 2nd Union of Automobile Electronics, about 6 points. In the same industry, the brands of North Gas New Energy, Chang-An, Chi-Ri, etc. were also autonomously producing electric machines, powering their own homes.
The Wirtschaftsprüfer, Guangzhenghangseng igbt, is one of the key technologies for new energy vehicles, accounting for about half of the cost of power control.
A bipolar transistor, which is the core device for power conversion and transmission, known as the "cpu" of an electrical electronic device, is a power-powered electrical sub-mechanical device, which is used mainly in electrical switching devices, and in vehicle applications is used mainly for the conversion of a direct current electrical reverse into a callable frequency exchange.
In comparison with other electrical electronic devices, igbt has the following characteristics: high input resistance, which can be used as a generic low-cost drive; high speed switches; low-depletion conductivity. The advantages of both high input resistance with mosfet and low-conduction pressure drops with gtr are clear in terms of combined energy and are well suited for transient systems with a straight-flow voltage of 600v and above, such as orbital traffic, smart power grids,
The igbt chips and power cell cores are called "double cores" of electric vehicles, which are the key technologies that affect the performance of electric vehicles. The electric motor controllers of electric vehicles are the most important components of the entire vehicle-driven system, mainly reverse transformers (mainly the igbt power module), inverters, power modules, central control modules, soft start modules, protection modules, signal detection modules of the radiator system.
, of which the igbt module, as a core high-voltage control switch component, costs 40-50 per cent of the power controller cost; and the power drive, which accounts for 15-20 per cent of the total vehicle cost, makes igbt the second-highest cost component, except for batteries, so that the cost of core components such as igbt, as core parts of new energy vehicles, directly affects the cost of the power controllers and the cost of the drop space.
Igbt also determines the energy efficiency of the whole vehicle, which, because of the direct control of the direct power drive system, the transmission power, etc., determines the torque and the maximum output power of the vehicle, which improves the efficiency and quality of the power. In addition to the power-drive system, the whole vehicle, including high voltage chargers, air conditioning systems, etc., needs to be used in a number of electrical units such as the igbt.
After 15 years of research and development and innovation, the company is now the only car company in the country with an entire industrial chain of igbt, breaking its monopoly on overseas brands, with a second-highest city share. By 2005, Biadi had set up a research and development team, officially entered the igbt industry in 2005, and then, in 2008, Biadei awarded $171 million to buy the Ningbo mid-latitude crystal round plant and integrate it into the microelectronics chain to create a new round for his igbt industrial layout.
Many years ago, the company negotiated a custom-made collaboration with the igbt factory, but failed to do so, forcing the company to make its own decision to develop it, while also avoiding the delay in car research and development caused by the passive waiting for the delivery of igbt overseas. The major international producers are Siemens, British Flying, Fairchild, Mitsubishi, Fuji, Toshiba, etc. The chip industry in China relies mainly on overseas chips.
Biadi, the country’s only car owner with igbt technology, had a market share of about 18% in 2019, second only to British fliers, and ahead of Mitsubishi power. As China’s only car owner with igbt’s entire industrial chain, Biadi has consistently invested in the autonomous development and innovation of igbt’s core technology, including igbt, and has mastered the design and manufacture of igbt chips, crystallized manufacturing, etc.
Modular encapsulation, high-power device test application platforms, simulation tests, and whole-of-car tests break the monopoly of overseas technology. They overcome technical difficulties, investment, long cycles, lack of talent, and make it possible for China to work with Germany and Japan in this area.
Yellow Signs Henghangseng Chart 101: Market share in igbt in 2019
Ying Fei Ling, Biadi, Mitsubishi electric machine, Sami control.
Igbt 4.0 has a low loss, high current output and temperature cycling capability, leading technology. On December 11, 2018, Biadi released the igbt 4.0 technology, which has a landmark in the area of auto regulation (automotivegrade), which provides a powerful middle core for the car industry ' s trans-routing supercar, and which has reached global leadership in key indicators such as chip depletion, modular temperature circulation, and current output capacity.
Its combined wear and tear is about 20 per cent lower than the mainstream product, resulting in a reduction in the electricity consumption of the entire vehicle, using the whole generation of Tang, for example, with other conditions remaining unchanged, by about 3 per cent less than the use of the current market-mainstreamed igbt of electricity by 4.0 per cent; current output capacity: the V-315 series of modules, with gbt 4.0, can be increased by 15 per cent compared to the current market-based output capacity, with a stronger acceleration in support of vehicles.
Capability; temperature circulation: the temperature life of the igbt 4.0 product module can be more than 10 times higher than the current market ' s mainstream product, with better heat tolerance and higher current output capacity, allowing for higher acceleration. Biadiigbt 4.0 currents cover 25 to 200a, standard switch frequency 1k~16khz, fast model 16k~25khz and can be applied to car tractor power drive, car air conditioning to heat production,
Automobiles turn to assistive systems, industrial thermal heaters, welders, transformers, etc. Simcofet will be applied to Hanev for the first time as the main future direction. In a volume of igbt4.0, Biadi also announced that it had invested in a third generation of semiconductor material sic (carbonated silicon powder) with better layout performance and would integrate the material (high carbonated silicon powder), single crystals, extensions, etc.
Chips, envelopes, etc., sic-based semiconductor whole-industry chains, committed to reducing the cost of making sic devices, and successfully developed sicumsfet (car semiconductors include gbt or mosfet based on materials such as silicon or carbonated silicon, etc.). Biadi ' s Hanev power plant controllers were used for the first time for autonomously developed and manufactured high-carbon silisfert control modules, carbonated silicon modules capable of reducing internal resistance and increasing the excess energy of electrical control systems.
By 2023, Biadi is expected to use a sic-based semiconductor to fully replace silicon semiconductors, and the flag's electric vehicle will be fully equipped with sic controls, increasing the full capacity of the vehicle by 10%. The company's ibgt has been supplied and is expected to expand gradually in the future.
In mid-June, the Biadiigbt module received its first batch of orders from out-of-group car customers, marking the official delivery of the Biadi car-level igbt module. Biadi will adopt an open-door strategy that will expand its supply, and not only will it expand its supply.
The company will try to meet external needs and welcome collaboration.
Figure 103: The gbt crystal circle and module. The company's integration of the semiconductor company (covering the igbt business) will introduce strategic investors and seek independent listing. The company has now consolidated the microelectronics industry chain of semiconductor companies, which is expected to move gradually to the market. On April 14, Biadi announced its full capital.
The subsidiary Shenzhen Biadewe Electric Co. Ltd. was restructured and renamed Biadi Semiconductor Ltd., which brings Biadi semiconductor operations together in depth and has an integrated whole-of-industry chain comprising chip designs, crystal round manufacturing, encapsulation tests and downstream applications, with a proposed replenishment.
Production tasks, product mainly covering power semiconductor devices, igbt power modules, power managementic, cos image sensors, sensor and control ic, audio-visual processing ic, etc., application areas covering induction, processing and control of signals such as light, electricity, magnetics and sound, provision of the ic product and complete solutions. Biadiwe electronics are 100% shareholding of the Nimbabiadi semiconductor and 100% shareholding of the Guangdong Biadi Energy Conservation Technology Ltd.
By restructuring, Biadi will complete the focus and depth of semiconductor operations. The Biadi semiconductor intends to introduce strategic investors, and the Biadi semiconductor will remain a subsidiary of Biadi after the completion of the introduction of the strategic investor.
The plan to seek segmentation will help further expand the size of semiconductor operations, increase product competitiveness, and increase market share, and will also help to release corporate value and raise valuation values. Companies produce their own igbt core components, which are not subject to semiconductor suppliers, and which, like batteries, electric machines, power semiconductors are part of Biadi’s opening. In the future, Biadi semiconductors will strengthen market demand orientation and actively expand external market orders.
The Biadi semiconductor will take full advantage of the capital market financing platform, seek to set up separate markets at the right time, set up independent capital market platforms, and incentives for marketization. This will enable affiliates to open up and expand, actively explore and promote the independent operation and marketization of their subsidiaries.
In the future, Biadi semiconductor companies will expand their external supply and production capacity, and listing will provide continued financial support for Biadi semiconductors. This will speed up innovative research and development, further enhance technology, benefit the expansion of their igbt clients, further boost the growth of their business, accelerate the process of nationalization, enhance corporate overall competitiveness, and help to further expand market share.
By 2025, China’s gbt market will have reached 52.2 billion yuan. Support for automobile consumption policies, combined with extension of subsidies to 22 years and a narrow fall, is expected to restore demand. Companies will benefit from mastering the core technologies of the new energy automobile industry chain, including electric power, power, batteries, and igbt, and will continue to invest in research and development to reduce costs and improve product competitiveness.
The company’s gradual opening up of its core mature business to the outside world will offer opportunities for future growth, and the company will actively push into the independent operation and marketization of its subsidiaries will unleash the company’s potential, which is expected to drive sales throughout the world as new models and re-arranged policies return this year.
Guangzhenghangseng, a popular student, Guangzhenghangseng
(c) Macroeconomic growth is lower than expected;
Increased competition in the industry, etc.