As the world's leading lithium eco-business, it shares the new global product and cost advantages.
The energy automobile industry chain poles will rise to the top of the world in terms of success, size, and competitiveness. We say that the resource project will enter the production cycle, the battery plate will increase, the track will grow high, the lithium cycle will rise to the bottom, and the logic of accelerated improvement on the fundamentals will continue to ferment.
The world’s leading lithium eco-business, the resource, processing and lithium battery business, is at a new growth point.a Market value (billions of dollars) The company’s operations cover the lithium industry chain resource development, lithium salt processing and lithium battery applications, and should:
In terms of resource development, 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate are produced annually, with 300 indicators of relative depth.
The project ' s production cost is US$ 3,600 per ton at a global low level, contributing for 22 and a half years. Since it began production, the company ' s lithium hydroxide production capacity has increased from 31,000 tons to 810,000 tons, exceeding Yapo ' s, which is the world ' s top priority; lithium battery plate, the company ' s consumption of lithium by code, and the pre-winding layout.
Lithium cell blocks are expected to increase by 65% in 20 years and double again in 21 years. Lithium salt processing has gained strength, and competitiveness has risen to the top of the world.
The supply chain system, the financial power, the countercyclical expansion, and the data cut-off date of November 12, 2020 for the main rival Yapo, is uncertain, and the lithium industry can only sustain its current production due to financial constraints.
Growth is accompanied by capacity enhancement, which in turn guarantees sustainable business development. _ Things are changing the lithium bottoming process or ending _ Should consolidate global lithium resources and lithium salt processing projects, found to be generally withdrawn and idle due to productive capacity,
The accelerated penetration of electric vehicles has increased by 24 per cent per year, and the demand for low- and medium-cost projects has reached carbon in 2022.
Multiplier, the division estimates with $140 billion, corporate business growth and competitiveness are mutually reinforcing, moving up to the “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: project delivery, product certification and sales are not as fast as expected, and new energy vehicles are seeping.
The lithium industry, the world’s leading lithium eco-business, shares the world’s new energy automobile production with its product and cost advantages, and the chain poles are successful, and their size and competitiveness will rise to the top of the globe. We judge that the lithium cycle will be mild and recovering in the next two years, beginning or accelerating upwards in 2023, and that the company’s additional lithium salt and resource projects will enter the production cycle, the battery panels.
The market is concerned about the company’s growth in its operations in the resource, processing, and lithium cell blocks, including the cauchari-olaroz 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate from mid-2021, the Mahun’s three-stage capacity of 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide from 2021, and its holding.
In conjunction with the high growth in lithium cell operations, which has been accompanied by increased competitiveness and competitiveness, we stress that the competitiveness of lithium salt processing in the lithium industry should be brought to the top of the globe, as reflected in the lowest cost of investing in lithium salt in companies and the gross procession industry.
The first tier of the interest rate industry, entering the core customer supply chain system of the poles, with a strong capital base, countercyclical layout, and a major rival, Yapo, is subject to uncertain project prospects, while the lithium industry is only able to maintain its current production due to financial constraints. Moreover, one by one analysis of the global lithium resources and lithium salt processing projects, we find that production capacity is generally withdrawn and idle.
The impact of underinvestment and underinvestment is expected to increase production by 12 per cent per year over the next five years, starting with a reversal of the supply-demand relationship across the industry and an acceleration of the lithium cycle or upwards against a 24 per cent annual increase in demand.
Project delivery, product certification and marketing are not as fast as expected, new energy vehicles are less likely to penetrate, lithium cycle recovery, lithium eco-enterprises in the world, and the world’s leading lithium eco-enterprises in the layout, processing and application of resources. The industry starts up from middle-to-ground lithium compounds and metal lithium manufacturers and expands upwards.
Lithium resource extraction and extraction, global distribution of resources, extended down to battery production and recovery operations, have become the world’s chart 1: Global coverage of lithium positives, electrolytes, and secondary lithium negative electrode materials from the company’s lithium resource, processing and application layout.
Directly integrated business models that cut across upstream lithium resource development, middle- and middle-stream lithium salt deep processing and metal lithium smelting, downstream lithium battery manufacturing and the integrated recycling of decommissioned lithium batteries cover all segments of the lithium industry chain. Financial contributions to lithium salt dominate and lithium batteries grow at a high rate.
Lithium salt and metallic lithium, 78 per cent and 90 per cent respectively in 2019; lithium battery operations have grown rapidly in recent years, resource development and processing have added high-quality production, competitive advantages have been consolidated, lithium batteries have increased.
The estimated yield of 10,000 tons in 21 years and 40,000 tons in 22 years are projected. The cash cost of the project is estimated at $270 per ton for lithium concentrate and is at a global low:
The second is the additional capacity for lithium salt processing, the 50,000-ton lithium hydroxide expansion project, which started at the end of October 2020, and the test production, which began in November, will take about three months to climb, and will be officially operational in the first quarter of next year, matching the product certification cycle. The company ' s design capacity for lithium hydroxide will reach 81,000 tons per year, making it the largest and the largest in the world.
Competitive Lithium Salt Enterprises: Three are competitive in lithium salt processing to the top of the world, with the lowest investment cost industry in lithium salt, the first class in the Māori Processing Industry, entry into the core supply chain system of pole customers, strong capital, countercyclical layout, main rival, Yapo.
(b) Fourth, there was a high increase in lithium batteries, mainly from tws, with clients predominantly from oppo, vivo, jbl, walkers, etc., with lower acquisition and operating costs of XXIII 2.1 resources, and the cauchari-olaroz project was expected to be operational in mid-2021.
To date, the company has eight major resource bases, consisting of lithium quartz, halo water and lithium clay, with a combined control of 48.18 million tonnes (loce) and equity resources of 20.84 million tonnes (or lce).
Cauchari-olaroz is a lithium project in the Salt Lake of South America, which can be studied in the stages of the Mariana and Sonara projects on halogic water and lithium clay, respectively, and will be launched in a timely manner, in accordance with market conditions and the needs of the company. The marketing model controls the cost of procuring raw materials, while also guaranteeing a stable supply of raw materials for the company, and the company ' s self-sufficiency rate is expected to reach 100%.
After looking at history, corporate resource layout has several features, one of which is that investments are often made through financial support, debt-to-equity, equity-to-equity, and code additions, often through exploratory models such as long-term and high-risk resource development, with a view to locking in the right to sell to secure the supply of raw materials, and the second end-of-resource investment;
Second, because of years of experience, most of the acquisitions were made at a time of industry depression, with a smaller proportion and amount of high-level acquisitions and effective risk control. Resource projects operate at lower operating costs and are more secure in terms of production and performance.
ebitda dropped to $16 million, and the cash cost of lithium concentrate is expected to exceed $400/ton and is currently in the cash flow loss or loss phase; pilgangoora 2003 tons of lithium concentrate cash cost $355/ton, target $320~350/ton, with industry still contributing positive cash flow during the low-end period; cauchari-olaroz as a low-cost lithium lifting project for Salt Lake South America, participating
According to sqm, the cash cost of the deflated tons of lithium concentrate is estimated at $270 per ton, a global low level; the reserve projects mariana and sonara are halogen and lithium clay, respectively, of which the cost of the mariana is between salt lakes and lithium lithium quarries, and the cost of the mariana is between salt lakes and lithium quarries. The overall cost of the corporate resource projects is lower and production and performance are more secure.
The cauchari-olaroz project is expected to be operational in mid-2021, at the cost of the world’s first ladder. Companies hold 51% of the cauchari-olaroz holdings at the project level. Cauchari-olaroz is located in Argentina, with a saline lake resource of 24.58 million tonnes lce, with a low impurity content and only 2.4 magnesium ratio.
The cost of production of lithium grade carbonate is less than US$ 3,600 per ton, or about US$ 270 per ton of lithium concentrate, or less than the salt lake of actama, and the cost of lithium withdrawal is in the first tranche. The project plans to produce 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium per year by mid-2021, and the company reimburses 75 per cent. Considering the climb of the slopes to be expected to produce 10,000 tons of lce and 20,000 tons in 2021-2022.
2.2 Process advantages will be strengthened to become the largest and competitive lithium salt industry, with the company leading the production of 160,000 tons of lithium compounds worldwide in 2021. The company has formed a base for the production of lithium deep-processed products in Jiangxi Xinyu, Jiang Xi Ningdu, Bing Xeng and Yichun, covering lithium carbonate, hydrogen oxidation.
Products such as lithium, butyl lithium and metal lithium. By the end of 2019, the company had a capacity of 40,500 tonnes/year (effective capacity 25,750 tonnes/year), 310,000 tonnes/year (effective capacity 24 tonnes/year) of lithium hydroxide, 1,600 tonnes/year (effective capacity 1,600 tonnes/year) of lithium metal, the world ' s first capacity, 600 tonnes/year (effective capacity).
The output is 600 tonnes/year; in addition, the 3-phase capacity of the Mahon plant, the company ' s new residual headquarters, has been built, with 50,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide produced, taking into account the climb and certification factors, which are expected to be operational from 2021, and the 40,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate attached to the cauchari-olaroz salt lake, which is expected to be operational by mid-2021, with 160,000 tons of lithium salt produced in 2021, with a global lead in processing capacity.
In line with the trend towards high nickelization, lithium hydroxide production in 2021 is the world’s number one. The high nickel trinity material has to be based on lithium hydroxide for higher product performance.
As a result, lithium hydroxide production could reach 310,000 tons; in 2021, lithium hydroxide production at the 3rd post-partum stage of the Mahone plant reached 810,000 tons and will become the world ' s largest producer of lithium hydroxide, with lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide planned to reach 100,000 tons in 2025, respectively, and high-quality and stable production capacity effectively met downstream demand.
With the 3-phase project of 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide at the Mahon base, the 40,000 tons of batteries-grade lithium acid project at the Cauchari-laroz Salt Lake in Argentina, the 17,500 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate clay at the Messionora lithium clay project, the 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate project at the Mariana Salt Lake will also be launched according to market conditions, and the company ' s 2025 lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide planning capacity is expected to yield.
At this stage, the core capacity for lithium salt processing lies in stability, continuity, and quality, and the company’s growing productive capacity will effectively match customer demand. It is expected to be the most competitive lithium salt processing enterprise in the world.
Lithium sour production, and titanium hydroxide production, are all above that of the lithium industry, but the combined quantity and quality considerations suggest that the lithium industry will become the most competitive lithium salt processing enterprise in the world for the following reasons:
Australian kemerton 50,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and subsequent planned capacity, with high unit investment that would be seriously driven by low-product competitiveness, and the accompanying wodgina lithium mining project, which has been discontinued at high cost, are full of expansion plans, foreign competitors, and the sqm lagoon of lithium carbonate is used for a large part of lithium hydroxide production: sqm occupies Salt Lake South America.
The resource advantage is the lithium carbonate tap, but it's better in the context of the long-term trend of high nickelization, where lithium hydroxide is produced in salt lakes, where lithium hydroxide is often used to harden the production of lithium hydroxide, and where the lithium carbonate production capacity itself is in one or two numbers: the domestic competitor does not necessarily have a Māori advantage in the lithium Tinki industry: the difference between the Māori rate in the lithium hydride industry and the Māori rate in the Tianqi industry.
In our view, a large part of the reason is that the Taiwan Lithium industry purchases the goldbushes as a proportion of its share price at a lower price than is fair. In fact, the Australasia Revenue Authority has challenged the associated sales price and issued a tax adjustment letter requesting an increase in the taxable amount due on the Greenbuses project, and that the Lithium Lithium industry is a high-morithing business.
A large part of the rate comes from low-cost purchases of mines that do not fully reflect the profitability of lithium salt processing; and, in terms of development, the slow pace of decomposing the first lithium hydroxide project in Quinana, which is limited to the strained lithium industry, and the risk that other projects will not be able to continue their investment;
Low-cost investment to build long-term competitiveness: dynamically, because of the domestic production of equipment and lower labour costs, combined with the technology and accumulated experience of accounting for 83 per cent of the global production of lithium hydroxide, the investment and processing costs of China's lithium salt industry are much lower than abroad, and the investment costs of the lithium industry's three-stage lithium hydroxide tons are only 150 million yuan, far lower than those of its peers.
□ Client advantage, low-cost operation: the customers of the lithium industry are mainly those of Tesla, BMW, the general public, lig, etc., who have a relative domestic advantage in selling their products, full of flat and flat costs, long-term operating experience and technological accumulation, lower support costs, and the Māori rate of the company ' s lithium salt is second only to that of the Tinchi lithium industry;
Financial resources are strong and countercyclical: the new energy vehicle industry chain, despite its high profile, has 95 per cent of financing. Resources are concentrated at the end of the story. The overseas lithium processing and lithium resource development projects are valued far below domestic capacity and lack financing, while the capital markets of domestic lithium salt, lithium battery enterprises are well-funded, often financially supported, equity participation, and revenue collection.
Purchase, charter and sale of major lithium mining projects abroad, involving domestic enterprises in major lithium development projects; current company accounts, over $4.6 billion in cash, sustained improvement in cash flow for 20 years, and valuable capital for reverse expansion 2.3 building of long-term development foundations and success in sharing pole customers
Successive strategic supply agreements with global core power cells, mainframe plants: companies effectively balance business development, customer structure and profit requirements, with a focus on overseas development. First, in partnership with global power cell tap lgc, in 2019-2025, companies sold a total of 926,000 tons of battery-grade lithium products to lig chemistry; and second, global pole power.
In collaboration with Tesla, the main engine of motor vehicles, the purchase volume in Tesla was about 20% of the total capacity of the company ' s battery-grade lithium hydroxide in the year; third, in collaboration with the European Automobile Mass, BMW, a memorandum of strategic cooperation was signed with the Long-Term Supply Association. The price of lithium hydroxide was higher than domestic, the ratio of export sales rose, and the rate of Maori was higher than domestic.
With the use of high nickel trinity materials and better chemical performance with positive materials from lithium hydroxide, there has been a surge in the demand for lithium hydrogen oxide, which is significantly higher overseas than domestic prices. The distribution structure has reduced the share of corporate domestic revenue from 80% in 2017 to around 60% as a result of faster growth in demand from overseas households, such as Tesla; and, at the same time, because of outside companies.
The sales price of lithium hydroxide is higher than the domestic price, and the overseas sales of the Māori are already around 55%. Sharing the success of Tesla’s landmark product. As the leading overseas client of the industry today, Tesla’s model3 became a landmark product, selling 300,000 vehicles throughout the year in Teslamodel3 in 2019, an increase of 106.2% over the previous year.
The popular and BMW electro-dynamic transition has benefited the lithium industry. The popular launch of the meb platform, 10,000 (mb20+pp6 million) and 6 million phev (mqb&mlb) over the next five years.
By the way, the public and the BMW are in the second place, and according to the October sales data, the popular new energy vehicle is already in the lead in many markets in Europe, and the lithium industry will benefit from it. The industry chain cores work together to create high barriers to the supply chain.
Inwards, the rapid growth of new energy vehicles and battery companies and the increased concentration of their heads require increasing stability and continuity across the supply chain, while the upper end of lithium salt, after 15-17 years of cattle, has seen a growing number of lithium salt suppliers with growing differences in products, resource cards, etc., and how to match in two directions to achieve a "one-for-one-for-one-for-one" approach.
It's what businesses do in the industry. The changes at both ends of the industrial chain are “mass-to-mass,” pushing the lithium salt away from a purely “mass-to-mass” barbarous growth, and moving into a post-barrier era that is more focused on fine and stable quality. The lithium industry is leading the industry, depending on its quality, resources, size, and stable supply system.
The competitive advantage has become more evident with the multi-layered and sustained strategic collaboration of industry and capital, with the construction of a long-term company with a 2.4-plus, forward-looking layout, a high rate of growth in the lithium cell block, and a first-generation of the lithium panel layout. In 2019, a 30 million annual full-automated polymer cell lithium battery was produced.
Lines and the high-capacity lithium ion cell at 600 million watt-hours were successfully produced, yielding a rapid upscaling; consumer-type lithium battery products and energy battery products of 3c were being optimized; power and storage cells were also developing.
The company tws button batteries plan 30 million units per year, with customers of 0pp0, vivo, jbl, walkers, etc., of which jbl is the world's largest professional speaker and actively expands the other two-and-three-line hands, mainly for bluetooth headphones and smart wear equipment, has become the most important increase in the company's battery plate.
tws have a potentially large market space. Following Apple's launch, other mobile phone manufacturers have also started rolling out their own branded tws products, with only 9.18 million tws delivered throughout 2016, 46 million tws delivered in 2018, 120 million in 2019, market penetration rising rapidly, based on counterpoint
In October 2020, the company announced that Hyeju should be investing $3 billion, and that it would be investing $3 billion to build it.
The project for the development and production of high-end polymer lithium batteries and the construction of production bases is reported to be two years old. It is reported that the main project is the construction of a research and development centre, a tws and a 3c digital polymer lithium battery line, with a presumably phased input, which will produce 180 million lithium high-performance polymer battery lines, and 180 million optically wearing lithium polymer batteries.
The company set up a solid-state battery research and development centre in 2016, began laying solid-state lithium batteries, and began building the first generation of solid lithium batteries to produce 100 million watt-hour-a-year tests in 2017. In 2019, the company completed the construction of the first generation of solid lithium batteries to produce 100 million watt-hour-a-year tests.
The first generation of solid lithium batteries developed by the company has now been tested for safety by a number of third parties and is in the process of being sampled by the client. In addition, the company has distributed lithium battery recovery operations.
In planning for the future, the company will establish a large integrated facility for the recovery of 100,000 tons of decommissioned lithium batteries per year. The company will continue its expertise in the recycling and reuse of decommissioned batteries by expanding the capacity of lithium battery recovery operations.
New car sales in energy vehicles reached about 20 per cent of total new vehicle sales, and in 2035 “pure electric cars became the mainstream of new vehicles for sale.” New energy vehicle penetration rates, though presented in the form of a vision, were based on the following:
Carbon emission constraints: China is striving to reach a peak of CO2 emissions by 2030, fuel-car oil consumption requires further increases, tag-board restrictions are further strengthened, and fuel consumption requirements will reduce to some extent the performance of fuel-fired cars as compared to new energy vehicles.
Even after the expiry of state subsidies, local subsidies to support specific businesses or green and civilized cities, high-end, lowest-end new-energy vehicles are already more expensive than fuel cars: 1) branding, green environmental concepts, auto-drive functions, etc.
2) In terms of prices, Teslamodel3 ' s latest subsidy has been reduced to $250,000. If the exemption from the purchase tax is considered, this price is more favourable than the entry price of the Benzc, BMW3 and Odia4l major branded vehicles, if back end vehicle use and maintenance costs are considered: 3)
In terms of energy, the new energy motor is “at its disposal”, the precision of the operation is “what it means to do”, and the manipulation is more smooth; (4) at the lowest end of the market, the fuel truck faces the dilemma of the cost of the engine and the fuel consumption of which is not evenly balanced in the less than $50,000 market, and the Mitsubishi macrominiev has occupied the market for low-speed electric vehicles since it came to the market in August, starting in September.
The risk of going beyond Tesla to become the new energy car's champion is vivid proof. □ Shortboards are being replaced: we believe that five years is enough to perfect the power replacement infrastructure, that metal progress will be enough to address battery safety concerns and mileage anxiety, and that the constant reduction in battery costs will make the combined sale price no higher than fuel.
On the overseas side, according to the "globalevoutook 2020" released byia, achieving sustainable development requires a 30-fold increase in global new energy vehicle holdings by 2030, an annual increase of 36%. Among these, Europe, as the most important new energy vehicle market abroad, sold 150,000 vehicles in October 2020, an increase of 217% over the previous year.
With a cumulative sales volume of 920,000 vehicles in the previous October, an increase of 115% in the same year; we expect to benefit from the upgrading of emission reduction requirements and the increase in subsidy standards, Europe will achieve 1.2 million vehicles in 2020, an increase of over 120% in the same year, which will exceed China’s expected number one worldwide consumption of lithium carbonate by 2025 by 24% per year.
Year 65kwh/car), industrial demand (a 2.5 per cent increase annually in tandem with economic development), consumption escalation (a more power-intensive 5g penetration rate and demand generation for new applications, 4.5 per cent annually), storage energy requirements (the current start-up phase, accompanied by high growth in new energy sources, 35 per cent per year) and one month of stock demand, which we expect to be used globally for lithium carbonate by 2025
Stability and safety increases, and we expect that the ratio of lithium hydroxide used, mainly for high nickel long-duration batteries, will rise from the current 18.8 per cent to 52.4 per cent in 2025: lithium carbonate, mainly used as lithium phosphate batteries, can be classified as low (South American Salt Lake + Australia Greenbuses), medium (Australia is producing mines), high (Middle) due to cost advantages, storage capacity.
Global lithium resources are distributed mainly in South America (Chile, Argentina), Australia, and China, with South America and China predominantly in Salt Lake, and Australia predominantly in Lithium Shining Stone. In terms of cost, the equivalent is 6% of lithium concentrate tons in cash costs, with the lowest levels of salt lakes in South America and high-grade Australia being greenbushes, both below $350;
The majority of production projects in Australia are in the range of $400 to $450; domestic salt lakes and lithium ore projects have the highest cost due to high-magnesium lithium content, which is less than 5 per cent of global production due to difficulties, low grade, etc. There is an imbalance between supply and demand, with the current low- and medium-cost lithium resource project producing about 70 per cent of capacity utilization.
Even with the collapse of the Australian lithium companies of Nemaska, Baldhill, altura, the shutdown of Yapowodgina, the silverpeak project, which was suspended in September 20 years, and the overall loss of listed companies of domestic lithium resources, the current global low-cost lithium project has produced 337,000 tons of carbonate per year and is expected to produce 23.0 million tons in 2020, with a utilization rate of about 70 per cent.
Medium-cost projects also accounted for nearly 70 per cent of capacity utilization in 2020. Overall, 392,000 tons of lithium carbonate production were shown in 2019, and production was expected to drop slightly to 388,000 tons in 2020, owing to price declines, bankruptcys, shutdowns, etc.; since 2021, production has been stimulated by increased demand for lithium, coupled with some additional energy invested
At present, the price of lithium concentrate in China should be the bottom line of about $380 tons. At present, the price of lithium concentrate (6%, cif China) is $380-405 per ton. From supply-demand analysis, this price level should be the bottom line because, if prices fall again, there will be insufficient capacity to meet current demand.
Only the Latin American Salt Lake Lithium Project and the Greenbushes mine (the “low-cost project”) under the umbrella of the Taiwan Lithium Industry can generate a positive flow of gold, while the low-cost project currently accounts for 337,000 tons of lithium carbonate production, which is equivalent to the need for lithium carbonate in 2020.
However, given the current low-cost capacity utilization rate of about 70%, production at lower price levels is not sufficient to meet current demand. Ton lithium concentrate prices are expected to recover mildly, at $450 in 2021 and $500 in 2022.
At a horizontal level, the demand for lithium in 2021 exceeded the production of low- and medium-cost projects but was less than the capacity of low- and low-cost projects, taking into account the impact of the inventory factor, and it is expected that the price of lithium concentrate in 2021 will increase by no more than US$ 450; in 2022, lithium carbonate will be required to support production of high-cost projects with an annual price of lithium concentrate that is expected to rise to around US$ 500.
Since 2023, lithium has been running upwards or accelerating. Since 2023, the demand for lithium carbonate has exceeded production and the supply-demand relationship in the industry has been reversed, so we should be able to see greater price elasticity. 3.3.2 The lithium salt cost curve also supports the lithium cycle judgement.
The $40,000 is also the bottom price of lithium carbonate. From the price curve of lithium per tonne of lithium carbonate, the cumulative yield of lithium salt at the corresponding price is less than 320,000 tons, which is no longer sufficient to meet the demand for 346,000 tons in 2020, which is the most important reason for the recent recovery in lithium carbonate prices.
Tons of lithium concentrate take 1 ton of lithium carbonate, the cost of processing lithium salt in the industry is 10,000 yuan per ton, taking into account the 20 per cent summation rate of the processing end, which corresponds to a cost of lithium salt of 40,500 yuan per ton, which is higher than the increase in the price of lithium salt or around 30 per cent before 2022 per year of domestic production of lithium carbonate. From the pitmont cost curve, US$ 6,000 to 8,000
From 320,000 tons to 470,000 tons of lithium salt, the demand for lithium carbonate increased from 516,000 tons in 2022, with a certain shortfall in the price or acceleration of lithium salt since 2023. Since 2023, with the demand for lithium carbonate significantly exceeding the yield equivalent of $8,000 per unit price on the lithium salt curve, the cost curve has become particularly steep at more than $8,000 per unit price.
At this time, we will also see greater elasticity in the price of lithium salt. 3.4 First-line lithium salt enterprises will benefit more from the context of the up-cycle “many or less plants.” Process production is projected to take place in 2023.
51.40 million tonnes, 13% annual increase in 2019, 404,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide processing capacity, 18% annual increase in 2019, 869,000 tonnes of lithium carbonate combined, 15% annual increase in lithium carbonate. 319,000 tonnes + 203,000 tonnes of lithium hydroxide carbonate
There is a real risk that lithium salt processing will face the problem of “many mines” after 2022. Of the 386,000 new lithium salt processing capacity by 2023, 231,000 tons were produced abroad, 156,000 tons were produced in the country, and more independent lithium salt processing firms were processed in the country, with an annual increase of 15 per cent by 2023.
The development rate of 12% at the end of the resource has increased, and the rate of acquisition of raw materials for lithium salt processing (resource end-to-end lithium carbonate production/ lithium salt processing capacity) has decreased considerably in 2022. Process production capacity has no excess risk, and first-line lithium salt industries have benefited more from the context of the up-cycle “manufacture-rich” scenario.
By 2023, processing capacity had increased by 15 per cent annually, but the rapid growth in the demand for lithium salt had led to a steady increase in the capacity of lithium carbonate production, a steady increase in the positive and extreme use of lithium hydroxide for long-duration high nickel, and a steady increase in the capacity of lithium hydroxide production.
Salt supply and demand have been reversed, resource security has declined, and second- and third-line processors have had to compete for higher prices, thus harming the processing rate of Māori, while producers with low-cost and marketable resources can increase their Māori performance by guaranteeing the stability of raw materials and stabilizing resource prices in an environment of rising prices.
According to space law, the tap lithium salt is valued at $100 billion. For a long-term perspective, it is assumed that the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will be 50% in 2035, 45 million vehicles will be sold annually at a price of $200,000 per vehicle, and the market size will be 9000 billion yuan. According to the rules, the scale of the market for lithium salt products will be reversed:
(b) 40 per cent of the cost of batteries;
(a) The cost structure of lithium batteries, which is 80 per cent of the raw material;
Positive materials, electrolyte and negative overall cost structures, lithium salt and pre-drivers account for more than 90 per cent 40 per cent* (1-30 per cent) * 80 per cent* 50 per cent* (1-20 per cent) * 90 per cent * approximately 1/15 per cent of the new energy vehicle market: for batteries, lithium salt market = lithium battery market* (1-30 per cent) * 80 per cent* 50 per cent**
(1-20 per cent) *90 per cent, or approximately one fifth of the lithium battery market; the processing business maturity period is valued at 20 times the market value of $800 billion; for the characteristics of the industrial chemicals industry and current trends, the leading market share is calculated at one third and at a 15 per cent annual discount rate, corresponding to the current market value of about $100 billion.
Lithium battery taps, lithium salt taps, are valued at $120 billion. The lithium industry and the Ningde era are also leading companies in the global lithium electricity industry. Stock prices are highly correlated. The lithium salt market accounts for one fifth of the lithium battery market. In the Ningde era, the current market is about $600 billion, and the lithium dragon industry is valued at $120 billion.
The lithium cycle recovery will boost company performance in terms of the following: marion and the international lithium industry ilc, the Lithium industry lac mining companies, and the lithium cycle recovery.
□ Pilbara stock upturns contribute to fair value change gains and losses: the company holds 6.86 per cent of pilbara shares, currently holds a market value of about $370 million, is accounted for by equity investment instruments, fair value measurements, lithium cycle recovery. In addition, the company has increased its lithium plate in layout, continuously coded tws and 3c digital lithium, forward-looking solid state technology, quotes
Lithium battery plate: customer outreach is going well, tws consumption battery-led operations are increasing, project delivery, product certification and sales are expected to take place in 2020-2022 at a slower pace than expected, new energy vehicle penetration is falling short of expectations, and the lithium cycle is recovering