China's petrochemicals: low valuations, high scores, sustained improvement in performance.
With the benefit of a recovery in oil prices, the company achieved $2.36 trillion in operating income in 2017, an increase of 7.3 per cent over the previous year, far exceeding market expectations. The company’s operating cash flow was strong, with an undistributed profit of up to $29.5 billion, and a high share of red was expected to continue.
Higher oil prices, rapid natural gas development, and the prospect of lost exploration and exploitation are expected to yield a surplus of 294 million barrels of crude oil produced by the company in 2017, with an additional 341 million barrels of crude oil identified throughout the year, with an original oil reserve replacement rate of 116.0%.
As international oil prices are expected to rise, sustained increases in upstream operating income, depreciation and amortization will decrease, helping to reduce costs. At the same time, the company has been actively developing its natural gas business, achieving 25.840 billion cubic metres of natural gas production in 2017.
In addition, the tonslng receiving station, with a combined capacity of about 9 million tons in 2017, will be expanded to 10 million tons in the future. At the same time, the company is preparing to build new stations in Wenzhou, Jiangsu, and others in the country.
The receiving station project, which is scheduled to reach a total capacity of 26 million tons in 2023. The natural gas business is expected to become a new performance growth point.
In 2017, China ' s petrochemical refining capacity amounted to 260 million tons/year, or 34% of the country ' s refining capacity. The company is currently preparing a project for the refining, refining, and refining of the Gure and Central Science and Technology, which will be released in 2020. Public to 1.17. The international oil price booms, with domestic prices of 90# gasoline, 0# diesel (including taxes) for the last year.
A cumulative increase of $435 per ton and $420 per ton, respectively, resulted in a gross increase of $510.7 per ton in refined oil, compared with the profit of the Xenochemical plate in 2017, when the company produced 11,61 million tons of ethylene, a 5 per cent increase.
Seventy-eight.5 million tons, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the previous year, a record high. The price of the profits has rebounded, the prices of downstream products have risen, and the corporate chemical block has achieved an operating gain of $27 billion, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the same period.
Industrial output, expected to produce 11.6 million tons of ethylene. Within the current oil price zone, chemical industry is expected to ensure sound sales of oil and rapid non-oil development.
The company also continued to expand its non-oil operations and explore new ones.
In industry, the average annual growth in the size and efficiency of non-oil operations has been maintained at over 30 per cent, with revenue reaching $27.6 billion in 2017 and profits reaching $2.22 billion. International oil prices have fallen sharply, crude oil production has declined significantly, gas demand has fallen short of expectations, and the refining industry has competed.
(1) Between 2018 and 2020, Brent's crude oil futures were valued at US$ 65 per barrel, US$ 70 per barrel, US$ 75 per barrel, on the basis of which the prices of each company's product were calculated; the annual average of the United States dollar against the renminbi was 6.35, 6.30, (2) the company's crude oil production, crude oil processing, finished oil distribution, ethylene production, etc., remained stable;
On foot, the import of ng (gasification + liquid) sold 774,874.97.4 million tons, as opposed to the public perception, we believe that while the company needs to outsource crude oil, it owns about 3 million tons of crude oil, which is enough.
In the current oil price range, the company’s downstream operations can remain profitable, and if oil prices rise slightly, the company can also earn inventory gains: at a time of high oil prices, the company’s smelting plate is less profitable, but relying on the higher returns of upstream operations, the company’s overall profits are higher than at a time of low oil prices. Moreover, domestic gas demand will continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years.
The results of the company's deployment in the area of conventional and non-conventional natural gas in previous years will gradually become apparent, with a rapid increase in natural gas production; As total domestic natural gas production is increasing at a slower rate than demand and demand for imports rises, the company is actively laying out the lang receiving station, which is expected to reach 26 million tons in 2023, and the natural gas business will become a new growth in the company's performance.
International oil prices have risen, companies’ exploration and development plates are expected to lose, and current oil price-smelling operations remain profitable and corporate performance is expected to be fully released. International oil prices have fallen sharply, crude-oil production has declined significantly, gas demand has fallen short of expectations, and competition in the refining industry has deteriorated.
I. The return to oil prices and the sustained improvement in performance of the beneficiary countries, with China Petroleum Industries Co. Ltd., a joint-stock company established by China Petroleum Industries Group Inc. in February 2000, being one of China ' s largest upstream, lower-middle- and lower-stream integrated petrochemical energy enterprises and ranked first in China ' s refining capacity,
Second in the world. The company is mainly involved in oil and gas exploration, transportation and sale, petroleum refining, petrochemicals and their production and storage of chemical products, and the import and export of petroleum, gas, petrochemical products and other services and technologies.
71.32% of shares. China ' s petrochemical group is a major petroleum petrochemical conglomerate that was re-established by the State in 1998 on the basis of the former China Petrochemical Corporation and is a State-funded corporation and State-authorized investment agency.
The Ministry of Industry and Industry has four departments: (1) the Ministry of Exploration and Development is primarily responsible for upstream oil and gas exploration, development and production, and the vast majority of crude oil and small quantities of natural gas are used in the company ' s refining and chemical operations, and the vast majority of natural gas and a small portion of crude oil are sold to other customers.
(2) The Ministry of Petroleum Refinement processes crude oil into petroleum products, the internal sale of gasoline, diesel and kerosene to the marketing and distribution industry, the internal sale of partially chemically produced oil to the Ministry of Chemical Industry and other refined petroleum products to domestic and foreign customers: (3) the Ministry of Marketing and Distribution procures petroleum products from the Ministry of Petroleum Refinery, sells them externally through the retail distribution network and sells them abroad
(4) The Ministry of Chemical Industry and Industry procures petroleum products from the Ministry of Petroleum Refinery and third parties as raw materials for the production and sale of petrochemical products, and China ' s Petrochemical Structural Chart (I) returns operating income and net profits
China’s petrochemical performance is highly correlated with international oil prices. With international oil prices, operating income and net return profits in 2016 were both low. With international oil prices rebounding, the company’s performance improved significantly in 2017, achieving operating income of $2.36 trillion, an increase of 22.23%, and a return of 51.1 billion yuan, an increase of 10.13%.
In 2017, the external operating income of the company ' s upstream products was $79.7 billion, an increase of 36 per cent, representing 3 per cent of the company ' s turnover and other operating income. The Māori rate, calculated on the basis of operating income - operating costs, taxes and surcharges - 3.5 per cent, is mainly due to a sharp rise in crude oil prices and a similar increase in natural gas sales.
The Ministry of Marketing and Distribution has achieved an operating income of $122.2 billion for the external sale of petroleum products, an increase of 16.3 per cent, representing 52 per cent of operating income, and a gross revenue of 8.7 per cent for the sale of gasoline.
The revenue from diesel sales increased by 17.7 per cent over the same year, by 9.0 per cent over the same year, and from kerosene sales by 90.2 billion yuan over the same year, by 27.8 per cent over the same period, by the Ministry of Chemical Industry and Industry, by 3881 billion yuan over the same period, by 30.9 per cent over the same period, by 11.2 per cent over the same period, representing 16 per cent of the company's turnover and other operating income, mainly as a result of sales and prices of chemical products.
The company’s cash flow is expected to continue to increase as oil prices pick up and business returns improve. Meanwhile, the company’s undistributed profits are currently as high as $29.5 billion, and the high share of red is expected to continue.
In 2017, China ' s net interest rate on petrochemical sales was 2.17 per cent, a decline of 0.23 percentage points in the same year, and the decline in net profit on sales was mainly due to a significant increase in operating costs. In 2017, the company ' s operating costs were $2.29 trillion, a year-on-year increase.
The increase of 23.5 per cent is mainly attributable to a significant increase in the procurement of crude oil, products and operating supplies and costs, the acquisition of finished oils, trade procurement costs and other procurement costs as a result of higher crude oil prices. (2) The asset turnover rate increased by 0.22 percentage points over the year
China ' s petrochemical asset turnover was 1.53 per cent in 2017, an increase of 0.22 percentage points in the same year. In 2017, the company ' s total assets were 1.6 trillion yuan, an increase of 969 billion yuan compared to the end of the previous year. Of this amount, current assets increased by 11,6.8 billion yuan in the same year, mainly by 19.9 billion yuan in the same year, mainly due to the company ' s optimal investment in the last two years, and the net reduction in real estate and equipment.
By 39.8 billion yuan, construction in progress had decreased by 10.9 billion yuan; interest in associated companies had increased by 13.6 billion yuan; long-term advance payments and China ' s petrochemical rights had increased by 0.03 percentage points in 2017 by a factor of 2.15 per cent, compared with 2017. In 2017, the company had a total of 100 million yuan, mainly due to the increase in the price of raw materials such as crude oil; accounts payable had increased by 25.8 billion yuan; and advance charges and other charges.
(iv) Significant credit for impairment of assets, which was historically high in 2017 performance.II. Higher oil prices, rapid natural gas development, and prospects for recovery from exploration and exploitation
(i) Efficient exploration for a solid resource base, and production of crude oil is expected to stabilize. Under low oil prices, China's upstream petrochemical operations focused on efficient exploration and efficient exploitation. New exploration discoveries were made in areas such as the Xinjiangta River and Sichuan Basin, resulting in a total of 341 million barrels of new oil exploration reserves and a replacement rate of 116.0 per cent of crude oil reserves throughout the year.
In response to the earlier low oil prices, the firm ' s upstream flexibility in arranging crude oil production, import substitution production, and so on, has significantly reduced crude oil production from a peak of 332 million barrels in 2014 to 304 million barrels in 2016. As the price of oil warms, the economy ' s available reserves have increased and the resource base has been tightened.
While crude oil production stood at 294 million barrels, it remained on a downward trend, with a significantly narrow decline of only 3.25 per cent compared to the previous year. Crude oil prices recovered in 2018, and crude oil production is expected to stabilize. (ii) Natural gas is approaching the golden age.
1. Long-standing conflicting supply and demand in the industry, supported by a policy of (1) higher national gas consumption than production for the last three years and a rapid recovery of gas demand from 20.8 billion in 2016 and 2017, respectively.
In the same period, domestic natural gas production stood at 13,6.8 billion cubic metres and 14,74 million cubic metres, an increase of 7.62 per cent and 7.72 per cent, respectively, respectively. Both the production and the rate of increase of natural gas were lower than the apparent consumption, and there was an upward trend, which meant that the country would consume more in the future.
The country’s external gas dependence rose rapidly from 31.48% in 2015 to 38.43% in 2017, while, according to the Bureau of Energy, it sought to contain oil and gas external dependence at 70% and 50%, respectively, by 2035.
In the future, our gas consumption will depend more on imported gas. Natural gas imports can take the form of pipeline gas and ng, as domestic demand for natural gas is growing rapidly.
In contrast, the long construction of pipelines has benefited from the advantages of transport facilitation, where ng imports are greater than png or (2) support policies have been put in place, natural gas development has advanced to gold, gas development targets were set in 2017, and gas supply, price reforms and network development have been introduced on several occasions.
On 17 January 2017, the National Energy Agency published the “13th Five-Year Plan for Energy Development” “Gaz” and the “XIII Opinion for Accelerating the Use of Gas”, issued by the National Development Commission on 23 June 2017, with the overall objective of achieving a 10% share of natural gas in the primary energy-consumption structure in 2020, gradually growing natural gas into a modern energy source in the country.
In May 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority issued the Medium- and Long-Term Hydrocarbon Network Plan, which plans the oil and gas pipeline network.
Scale development plan: In August, the Ministry of the Environment, in conjunction with other ministries and local governments in six provinces and cities, launched the Programme of Action for the Integrated Management of Atmospheric Pollution in the Autumn 2017-2018, which calls for all “2+26” cities to complete more than 3 million households with electric and gas-based coal by the end of October; and in December, the Ministry of the Environment co-issued the Programme of Action for the Integrated Management of Air Pollution in the Northern Region in the Autumn 2017-2018.
Clean Heating Planning (2017 - 2021), which proposes gas and electricity, using clean energy wherever possible, to accelerate the increase in the share of clean heating, with more than 148.7 billion cubic metres of natural gas production in 2017, remaining at a distance of 211.3 billion cubic metres.
Currently, the supply of natural gas meets only one third of the country’s population’s needs, and two thirds of the market needs to be opened up, with external dependence reaching 39.91%, which is a new high. Markets and demand are in sharp contrasts, national top-level configurations, ministerial policy support, natural gas development, rapid growth in corporate natural gas production, and lang’s import operations continue to grow.
China's petrochemicals have been developing shale gas in recent years, and have continued to promote the development of key natural gas production capabilities, focusing on the development of shale shales, rock and gas, and the Hanjung natural gas production of China's northern flag, as well as the construction of the Guangxilng, Tianjinlng, Wen23 reservoirs and the Trans-Chang gas pipelines and oil and gas projects, and the development of the entire industrial chain.
In 2017, the company achieved 25,840 million cubic metres of natural gas production, a new increase of 19.11 per cent over the previous year, which was greater than the increase in domestic natural gas production, further consolidating the industry.
To date, China’s petrochemicals have each installed a 3 million-ton/year lng reception station in Qingjiang Island, Guangxi Sea, and the port of Tianjinnan, with an annual capacity of 9 million tons, or about 16% of the national capacity in 2017. China’s petrochemicals are actively expanding the capacity of the lng reception station by expanding existing capacity and planning new projects.
Following up on the construction of the reception stations in Qingdong Island, Guangxi Sea, Tianjinnan, which are now in operation, it has been expanded to 10 million tonnes/year: in the meantime, the project to build ng reception stations in Wenzhou, Jiangsu, etc. The company plans to raise the capacity of ng to 26 million tonnes in 2023.
(iii) Higher oil prices, lower costs, and expected upstream losses of more than US$ / barrel, with a significant increase. Operating income reached US$ 157.5 billion, an increase of 35.9 per cent over the year, mainly due to the price of crude oil and the increase in the size of natural gas and lng operations.
In December 2016, the company sold 50% of the shares of Kawandong Pipeline to Chinese citizens and the nation, in line with business needs, to China’s life and to China, resulting in a decline in the company’s equity gains in 2017.
The recovery in oil prices, while affecting upstream operating income, also helped to reduce costs. With other conditions unchanged, oil prices rose by 4.8%, the amount of corporate hydrocarbon assets impaired would be reduced by approximately $3.145 billion.
This would also increase the company’s economy’s available reserves accordingly. Because the company’s hydrocarbon assets are depreciated using the yield method, the depreciation of the following year = the production of the hydrocarbon assets/field reserves* in the current year, that is, the depreciation of the following year = the oil and gas assets/storage ratio in the current year. The increase in the economy’s available reserves would reduce depreciation and amortization.
The Division has taken the initiative to reduce the operating cost of cash (17 years of low innovation) and, once future oil prices have stabilized at over $60, exploration and exploitation panels III. The refining capacity will continue to expand at the top of the country, and the capacity will continue to expand.
In 2017, the country ' s refining capacity reached 772 million tons/year, of which China ' s petrochemical capacity stood at 260 million tons/year, accounting for 34 per cent of the country ' s refining capacity and ranked first in the country.
The company is currently preparing projects for the refining, refining, and central refining of silhouettes. The China-China refining integration project will build 10 million tonnes/year oil refining units, which are expected to be operational by June 2020; and the Gu-ray-refining integration project will build 15 million tonnes/year oil refining units, one of which will consist mainly of 800,000 tonnes/year ethylene and 9 units for downstream deep processing.
At the beginning of 2017, the Ministry of Environmental Protection issued the Work Programme for the Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution in and around Kyaw Jin, which requires the city of “2+26” to supply all car diesel fuel by the end of September, which meets the national standard of 6.
China’s petrochemical preposition, actively promoted, and enjoyed high-quality premium policy dividends. Production of 151 million tons of finished oil, optimization of product structure, 1.2% increase in gasoline production, 5.5% increase in kerosene production, and fuelwood.
In January 2016, the National Development Reform Commission revised the price-fixing mechanism for finished oils, adding a floor price for finished oils, so that when international oil prices are below $40 per barrel, the price of domestic finished oils is no longer lower. When oil prices are at $40-80 per barrel, the price of finished oils is calculated at a normal processing profit margin.
At $80 per barrel, the processing profit rate is reduced until the price of the finished oil is calculated on the basis of the zero profit of the processing. When the price of oil is at $40-80 per barrel, the refinery is in a very profitable position. In 2017, international oil prices went up, with a flat price of $54 per barrel for Brent, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the same period with Brun.
Special oil prices continued to rise, with domestic diesel prices up 11 times in 2017 and down 6 times, petrol prices (including taxes) increasing cumulatively by $435 per ton and diesel prices (including taxes) increasing cumulatively by $420 per ton.
The increase of $38.8 per ton is mainly due to the increased upgrading of oil quality, with a 58 per cent increase in diesel fuel above the national V standard over the same year; the increasing production of high-value-added products, with a 0.7 per cent increase in the volume of petrol, sea coal and 5.6 per cent increase in the same year; and the upgrading of oil quality, the maintenance of an enhanced production and distribution link and the continued increase in profitability of other refined petroleum products, such as liquefied gas and asphalt.
Benefiting from these factors, the company achieved business income of $1.01 trillion in 2017 from refined oil plates, a gross rate of 8.7 per cent (gross interest rate = (business income - operating costs, taxes and surcharges)/business income) and an operating income of $65 billion, compared with (ii) a steady increase in the demand for finished oils
Production and consumption of finished oils have increased steadily in recent years. By the end of 2017, the national production of finished oils was 431 million tons, an increase of 2.85 per cent in the same year; the national consumption of finished oils was 322 million tons, an increase of 2.25 per cent in the same year; diesel fuel prices were 12.26 million tons and 16.674 million tons, respectively, an increase in the same rate.
In 2017, domestic gasoline, at 2.03 per cent, and 1.24 per cent respectively. In 2017, domestic motor vehicle holdings reached 310 million, an increase of 8.77 per cent over the previous year.
The annual rate of increase in consumption began to turn negative, and demand began to improve. In 2017, domestic kerosene consumption amounted to 32.87 million tons, an increase of 8.63 per cent compared to the previous year. In recent years, kerosene consumption has increased at a higher rate, on the one hand by a lower base relative to diesel fuel and, on the other, by air, by benefiting from the development of the aviation industry.
Oil demand is good. In 2017, the country's total civil aviation turnover was 10,310 million tons, an increase of 12.53 per cent over the previous year and a fall in year-on-year growth rate, but it remained above 10 per cent, higher than in 2013 and 2014. (i) “Base + High-end” coordinated development, with continued optimization of the product structure.
The company's chemical industry maintained “basic + high-end” development, and the plate increased its efficient supply, producing 11.16 million tons of ethylene in 2017, an increase of 5 per cent over the year. The total annual chemical product operation amounted to 78.5 million tons, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the year, creating a record capital expenditure of $23.28 billion in 2017, mainly for Central and South China efficient environmental aromatic hydrocarbons (II).
In 2018, the company’s chemical block planned capital expenditure of $17.7 billion.
In the context of a steady rise in oil prices and a upward trend in the petrochemical industry, chemical industries have shown better profitability. The average price of chemical products ($/ton) and Brent oil prices ($/barrell) have been realized.
In 2018, in the current oil price zone, the company’s chemical industry was expected to remain profitable.
In 2017, China ' s petrochemicals responded positively to increasing market competition, maximizing the advantages of integration and marketing networks, deepening oil non-consolidation and achieving good business performance, achieving an operating income of 1.22 trillion yuan, corresponding to a 16 per cent increase in marketing and distribution plates, a 7.6 per cent increase in the Māori rate, and a negative 1.8 per cent decline in the same period in the realization of business gains of 31.5 billion yuan.
(i) The average annual refuelling volume of the single station has continued to grow, with high single-stop earnings, China ' s petrochemicals own 30 provincial sales branches, form a well-established retail network, and control over 60% of the retail share of the area. The company ' s main refinery is located along the coast, near the consumer market, and its fuel stations are concentrated in the Ring Sea,
Economically advanced areas such as long triangles, highway service areas and main traffic roads have a stronger position. In 2017, the number of gas stations affiliated to China petrochemicals reached 30.6 million, or more than 30 per cent of the country. The annual average of single stations reached 4000 tons/stations, with increasing distribution capacity; single-stop revenues fell by 1.91 per cent in 2017, but remained at about 1 million yuan.
The sale of finished oils by firms consists mainly of retail sales and direct sales. Retailing is about 68 per cent, and direct sales are about 32 per cent.In 2017, in the face of increased competition in the finished oil market, companies took advantage of marketing networks to maintain a six-year consecutive increase in the total volume and retail scale of finished oil sales, bringing the total volume of finished oil operations to 177 million tons, an increase of 2.93 per cent over the same period.
Of this amount, 122 million tons were retailed, representing an increase of 1.18 per cent over the same period. (ii) Broadening the development horizon and expanding non-oil maps. In recent years, companies have been active in building “three main platforms” for gas station physical services, online marketing and financial services, introducing “one another”
The new concepts of networking +, cross-border operations, platform strategies, etc., further broaden the development perspective and thinking of new non-oil businesses.1 China's petrochemicals have been working strategically with companies like Kyundong, Ali Baba, and Soon-fung to invest in the Tibetan Natural Water Department and to launch its own brand name, “Eitedrama Springs” for drinking water from natural glaciers; and a joint venture has been established to build a “F”
Jeouto Cats platform; autonomous development and production of environmentally friendly products such as the “Thai Dragon” tail gas treatment fluid, enrichment of non-oil traders, creation of non-oil brands, expansion of non-oil maps.2 Adapting to Internet developments, active exploration of new business models to promote “Internet + Sales + Services.”
Purchase and sale of a single-function power provider platform, with a cumulative total of 4.46 million items, to launch the “Internet+” business model: combining micro-letters, apps, etc., to widen distribution channels. Companies are expanding their non-oil operations, exploring new industries, and the scale and efficiency of non-oil operations are increasing on an annual basis.
Over 30%, income in 2017 amounted to 27.6 billion yuan and profits amounted to 2.22 billion yuan. Other revenue from China’s petrochemical marketing business grew for six consecutive years, achieving other income of 28.3 billion yuan in 2017, an increase of 28% over the same period, of which non-oil revenue (1) was generated in 2018-2020, and Brent crude oil futures were valued at $65 per barrel, $70 per barrel, $75, respectively.
The average annual value of the United States dollar against the renminbi is 6.35, 6.30, (2) the company ' s crude oil production, crude oil processing, finished oil distribution, ethylene production, etc., all remain stable; lng (gasification + liquid) imports are sold at 774/874.74 million tons.
Eight integrated oil companies, both domestic and international, have been selected as a reference for valuations, eliminating negative and peak values, receiving an average of 24 times the pe (ttm) and 1.43 times the pb. For companies, 15 times the pe and 1.38 times the pb in 2018, international oil prices have declined significantly, crude oil production has declined significantly, gas demand has fallen short of expectations, and competition in the refining industry has deteriorated.
For 20 years, you have been a sales team at the Chinese People’s University, where you have been working.
Xu Jialine, author of the report, who has a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.