High-performance growth is certain and high-scoring highlights the value of investment In-depth studies/carriers in petrochemicals, with many operations and products ranked first in the domestic industry and top international rankings.
China ' s petrochemicals are one of China ' s largest integrated energy-chemicals companies, the largest producers and suppliers of petroleum and petrochemical products in China, and the second largest producer of crude oil in China. The four major plates together form the entire chain of companies in the oil sector, with three plates of refined oil, chemicals and marketing distributed in China.
Absolute dominance, also among the world’s largest energy companies, ranked third in the world’s 500th highest in Fortune 2017. • Oil prices are in the upper zone, and performance growth is more certain
The company’s main operations are divided into four main segments, benefiting from the continued rise in international oil prices and strong downstream demand, as well as the company’s monopoly position in the industry, the overall development of its operations, and steady growth in its performance. Exploration and exploitation: oil price rises are the most resilient, with the business operating at a loss of $45.9 billion in 17 years and with oil prices.
The increase, and we expect the operation to lose 18 years; refined oil: under the current pricing mechanism for finished oils, enterprises are guaranteed a steady chance to earn processing costs, while the increase in oil prices has led to an increase in inventory returns, and the business is now an asset with a steady improvement in performance: marketing and distribution: mastering end-market advantages, high fuel station barriers, consumption
Taxes continue to improve, price wars have declined significantly, and non-oil operations are growing rapidly and are expected to become new growth points. Undistributed profits are sufficient, with a high percentage of red money or regularity.
At the same time, the company’s current undistributed profits are still over $290 billion, 10 times, 9 times and 9 times higher in the future. The world’s largest oil companies today average about 1.5 times pb, and only 1.1 times more petrochemical.
There is room for upward restoration of the company's valuation, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. International oil prices have fallen sharply; prices of polyolefins have fallen; and reforms in the hydrocarbon sector have fallen short of expectations.
2. China ' s petrochemicals (600028) Quarterly Review: Four big plates, one quarter net profit and one-year profit increase.
China Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. (“China petrochemical”) is one of China's largest integrated energy and chemical companies, mainly engaged in oil and gas exploration and exploitation, extraction, pipeline transport and marketing; petroleum refining, petrochemicals, chemical fibres, fertilizers and other chemical production and product sales, storage: oil, gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals and other chemical products
Import and export of goods and other goods, technology, brokering of export and import operations: technology, information research, development, and application. China ' s petrochemicals are the largest producers of petroleum products (including gasoline, diesel, aviation kerosene, etc.) and major petrochemical products (including synthetic resins, synthetic fibre monomer and polymers, synthetic fibres, synthetic rubber, fertilizer and intermediate petrochemical products) in China.
According to the latest annual report, the company produced 449 million barrels of oil and gas equivalent production in 2017: 239 million tons of crude oil processed: 1161 million tons of ethylene produced. With international oil prices warming well, the company’s performance has recovered at the bottom, with revenue and net profits growing steadily.
China ' s petrochemicals are now on the market, with shares (00386) in Hong Kong, New York and London on 18 and 19 October 2000, respectively: a stock (600028) in Shanghai on 16 July 2001, trading in securities, figure 5: China ' s petrochemical capital structure
China ' s petrochemicals group, a shareholder of China ' s petrochemicals, effectively controls the State Council ' s State Property Supervision and Management Committee, and is a large-scale corporation. China ' s petrochemicals group has a ratio of 71.32% and is in an absolute holding position (note: including China ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Sheng Yong International, Ltd., held through Hong Kong (Central Settlement) Agency Limited).
Second, the four major panels are dynamic, with strong performance growth certainty, and China’s current major petrochemical operations are divided into four major sectors, respectively, upstream exploration and exploitation, mid-stream refining and chemicals.
Downstream marketing and distribution. Together, the four major panels form the whole chain of companies in the oil field, with three of the plates, namely, refining oil, chemicals and marketing, in absolute domestic dominance and ranking among the largest international energy companies. (i) Exploration and exploitation: industry bottom recovery, with a potential to turn the loss into a surplus for 18 years.
The company’s upstream exploration and exploitation operations, mainly oil and gas production, have suffered a significant loss since the international oil prices fell sharply in the second half of 2014 and have become a short cut on the company’s performance. With the current rebound in international oil prices, the portfolio is expected to suffer a significant decline, if not a loss.
Global oil demand has grown faster than expected since 2017, with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) predicting a further acceleration of 3.9% in the global economy in 2018 and a broader base for global economic recovery, which will continue to boost global oil demand growth. International oil prices have improved supply and demand fundamentals significantly, with the surging rate of production decline at Oec.
At a time when the organization is considering a further extension of the cut-off period, the achievement of which would put the global oil supply and demand fundamentals in a tight and long-term balance, figure 7: International oil price trends in the last 10 years, the industry winter has passed, and future performance reverses in elasticity
The company’s profits from exploration and exploitation of the plate have declined since 2013, with a significant loss beginning in 2015. The major loss is due mainly to the fall in international oil prices and the higher cost of oil extraction by the company. In 2017, the plate’s operating loss was 45.9 billion yuan, an increase of 9.3 billion yuan.
The impact of the equity gains of the air-to-air pipeline companies (US$ 20.6 billion) was negative on the same amount of RMB 11.3 billion.Fig.8: Revenue from exploration and exploitation plates and the recovery of the bottom of the Māori rate.
Losses. But the business indicators have also improved since oil prices rebounded in 2016. Low oil prices have pushed up crude oil production costs, mainly due to the following factors:
2. The closure of many inefficient productive capacities under low oil prices, resulting in significant increases in depreciation and impairment and higher costs;3 The fall in oil prices, which led to a decline in assessed reserves and an increase in the rate of depletion, ultimately leading to cost increases.3 The rapid growth in natural gas production has benefited from long-term energy restructuring
As a result of the restructuring of the country's energy resources, the country's gas demand has grown rapidly. In 2017, gas consumption in the country amounted to 239.3 billion cubic metres, an increase of 14.71 per cent over the same period. In accordance with the National Energy Development Plan, our natural gas company has been actively promoting the development of a gas plant in Hang Yuen, the construction of energy capacity in the east-west slope of Chuan, and the production of 100 billion square metres of shale and gas fields.
Full-scale construction. Gas production in 2017 was 25.8 billion cubic metres, an increase of 19.1 per cent over the previous year.
Petroleum refining generally refers to the production of petroleum through physical separation and chemical transformation into petroleum oils, fuel oils such as kerosene, diesel fuel, and the provision of chemical light oils for ethylene installations, with the by-product of petroleum gas and slag oils. Chemical units use the ethylene fibrosis as their taps to further convert chemical light oils into final petroleum products such as polyester plastics, optics, rubber, etc.
In recent years, thanks to improved pricing mechanisms for finished oils and the implementation of good-quality price policies following the upgrading of oil quality, the refining industry has been able to earn good processing costs while crude oil prices remain relatively stable. At the same time, international oil prices have been rising.
China’s petrochemical industry is the absolute leader in the country’s refining industry, processing 239 million tons of crude oil in 2017, producing 151 million tons of finished oil, and producing 42.08% and 42.18% of the domestic industry, respectively. In 2017, the company earned 65 billion yuan in refining oil.
The most important activity contributing to the company's performance.1 The country's refining capacity has slowed down, and the rate of commencement has recovered. Since the introduction of the supply-side reform, the crude oil processing industry has significantly accelerated the phase-out of its backward capacity, and domestic refining.
Oil capacity growth slowed from 720 million tons in 2014 to 772 million tons in 2017, an average annual increase of only 2.3 per cent, real crude oil processing increased from 500 million tons in 2014 to 557 million tons in 2017, an average annual increase of 3.8 per cent, and the processing of refineries advanced further, with future targets for the de-capitulation, de-consumption, de-emissions, scalding, distribution and safety as petrochemical industries
Ideas will continue to drive the petrochemical industry towards improved efficiency, transformational upgrading and healthy development. Figure 14: Refining capacity and start-up rates will continue to grow in the country as a whole during the “13th Five-Year” period, but the rate of increase is significantly slower and is expected to run from “10” to “10”
At the end of 2017, only Zhejiang petrochemical phase, Helium petrochemicals, Central Co-Changdong refining and rainbow petrochemicals were actually carried out, while the Cao Cao Cao Project, the Hebei Xinhua petrochemicals project, Hebei Xinhua United Oil,
China's military engineering and Saudi joint-venture refining integration projects are still in the advanced stages, and it is optimistic to expect that real production will be in place after 2020. Given the long construction cycle of large-scale refining projects, it will generally take about two to three years, and it is expected that the company's domestic refining capacity will rank first during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, and that the industry will be an absolute leader.
China ' s petrochemicals are China ' s largest oil refinery and its largest producer of petroleum products, 30 of which are subordinated to China ' s 30 refineries, of which more than 10 million tons are concentrated in the production and processing of crude oil from abroad, with a refining capacity of 285.5 million tons per year, the second largest in China and the second largest in the world. Its three refining clusters are located mainly on the south-east coast, in the lower and middle of the Yangtze River, and in China ' s north.
The most economically active and developed regions, the advantages of their geographical location, the ease of transport and the high demand of their markets provide a dynamic impetus for China’s economic growth.3 The high industrial climate and the steady growth of earnings are characterized by a steady growth in the economy.
Due to the rise in the price of raw materials and finished products, and the company ' s revenue and cost of refining plates increased in 2017, the same rate declined slightly, mainly as a result of the floor price policy in 2016. In 2017, the company further optimized its product structure, with a 0.7 per cent increase in the price of high-value gasoline, 5.6 per cent in the production of coal and a 1.17 per cent increase in the fuel-fuel ratio; and increased the upgrading of the quality of oils, national v standards.
RMB/tonne, RMB 65 billion, an increase of 15.5 per cent over the same period.Figure 15: RMB income and Māori ratio.Figure 16: RMB operating income.
Figure 18: Light oil harvests and combined commodity rates (iii) Chemicals: both size and technological advantage, with a steady increase in performance
The company produced 11.16 million tons of ethylene in 2017, representing 63.76 per cent of domestic production, and the industry's absolute leader: the total amount of chemical products in operation was 78.5 million tons, an increase of 12.2 per cent compared to the previous year, making the company's record high. The company took advantage of the favourable times of the domestic chemical market to continue to be favourable, to close production and marketing, to intensify structural adjustment efforts and to increase profitability.
The higher production of resins, rubbers and some organic products, positive market expansion, strict cost control, and good benefits were achieved. In 2017, the chemical block realized operating gains of 27 billion yuan yuan, an increase of 6.4 billion yuan, or 30.8 per cent, compared with the increase of 30.8 per cent.
ethylene is the mother of the chemical industry, and the chain of industry is extremely wide, indicating the strength of a country’s chemical industry. In recent years, with rapid economic growth, China’s ethylene industrial development has grown rapidly, and production is second only to that of the United States.
Ten thousand tons, an increase of 4.68 per cent over the same period. Due to high downstream demand, our ethylene external dependence has been rising, while domestic production has been more intensive and the ethylene industry has been better off over the next two years.
The traditional sulfur oil vapour fission ethylene device is concentrated mainly in the south-east coast, while the rest is concentrated in the north-east, north-east and north-west, mainly in Chinese petrochemicals and Chinese oil.2 The oil price gap between ethylene and stone brain remains high and the oil-based route is profitable.
Industrial preparation methods for ethylene are generally divided into oil-based and coal-based categories. Currently, domestic production of ethylene/propylene is still dominated by quartz oil, which, by the end of 2017, accounted for 77.3% of ethylene production capacity on China ' s petroleum-based route, so the price differential is the most direct indicator of ethylene acetylene profitability and climate on the quartz oil route.
The price of ethylene oil has fallen significantly, although it has also fallen along the same lines, with a smaller decline in downstream demand than that of ethylene oil, so that the oil price gap has remained at historical highs of around $600 since 2016.3 Companies are the absolute leader in the industry, with domestic production at 63.76 per cent.
In 2017, the company pursued the development approach of “basic plus high-end” by increasing research and development, production and promotion of new high-value-added products, with a differential rate of 89.0 per cent for synthetic fibres and 63.0 per cent for new synthetic resins and specialized materials.
(iv) Marketing and distribution: mastering end-marketing advantages, high gas station barriers, companies are the largest distributors of finished oil in the country, with more than 30,000 stations, with a total of nearly 200 million finished oils distributed throughout the year
The company took advantage of the integration and marketing network to maintain a high growth in sales in four major categories of products, with the exception of diesel fuel. In 2017, as a result of the price war of the twenty-third quarter, sales panels experienced a small decline in revenues and profits, but the situation quickly reversed with the introduction of a new national oil consumption tax.
A 1.8 per cent decrease in the same comparison, with non-oil operations showing bright performance, with profits of RMB 2.2 billion, an increase of RMB 700 million in the same year.1 The total volume of sales has risen steadily, diesel fuel continues to decline in the same year; the company adjusts its product structure in a timely manner to market demand; and the sale of diesel fuel continues to decline.
Increases in total volume, with gasoline continuing to grow at a high rate, with wholesale and direct sales increasing by 26.8 per cent on the same basis,2 gas station barriers are high, gas stations are an important resource for retail terminals of finished oil, and the selection of geographical location has a significant impact on efficiency, as well as on the economy.
China ' s petrochemicals currently have gas stations. Figure 26: Single station refuelling and acceleration. Figure 27: Number of gas stations.
3. Business performance is robust, non-oil business is the bright spot, company sales plate profits are relatively robust, and changes in sales earnings are largely influenced by product prices. Sales plate oil business has developed rapidly in recent years, with faster revenue and profit growth, and is expected to become a breakthrough point for growth in sales performance in the future.
The Division ' s sales plate was affected by price wars in 2017, with the net profit from oil operations falling by 1.7 billion to 29.4 billion on the same year, but the non-oil business grew by 700 million to 2.2 billion on the same year.
The company has maintained a high share since it was listed in 2001, with 32 reds and 36.47% by the end of 2017. In the last five years, despite fluctuations in the company’s performance, the share has increased, the share rate has increased, and the cash share has returned positively to shareholders in a way that is exemplary as a value investment. At the same time, the company’s current undistributed profits have remained above the mark.
Twenty-nine billion dollars, with a high proportion of future dividends or promise of sustainability.iv. Profit predictions and investment proposals average about 1.5 times the pb and only 1.1 times the median petrochemical.
Table 5: Comparison of International Large Energy Corporation valuations of international oil prices by significant decline; lower prices of polyfins; less than expected reforms in the hydrocarbon sector.
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced or influenced by any third party.