As oil prices rise, the elasticity of the tap will show that China ' s petrochemical (600028) exploration and exploitation operations are the most profitable, and the upward trend in oil prices is favourable and negative.
In 2017, the Māori rate of the upper petrochemical exploration plate in China turned negative from 2% to 63% of historical heights, with great potential for growth and a profit margin close to 120 billion yuan in comparison with historical heights. In 2016, the share transfer gains from the river gas province were eliminated, and the upstream share loss was 11.3 billion yuan in 2017. The plate was used as China ' s petrochemical.
China’s petrochemicals have the advantage of integrated operations in the petroleum and gas industry, the largest chemical manufacturing companies in the country, such as refined oil and ethylene, and oil prices are directly linked to corporate revenue.
The negative Māori ratio has given companies the advantage of smoothing crude oil price fluctuations.
Two of the company’s largest operating revenues are refined oil and sold, and the Māori rate for oil refining operations under medium- and low oil prices is historically high owing to the upgrading of the quality of the oil and the reduced fuel-gas ratio. The company owns the largest gas station in the country, reaching more than 30,000 stations, with a revalued value if the plate were to be marketed.
The annual report has outperformed expectations, and the valuation has global advantages, and corporate dividends have grown significantly by 60.5 billion yuan, the highest in 10 years, exceeding the growth rate significantly.
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies are close to 70 billion, their net market rate is less than 1.1 times lower than the average of 1.3 times that of the International Petroleum Division, and their low valuation is attractive. As the largest oil refining and ethylene company in the country, the company has the largest gas station resources in the country and international oil prices.
The large volatility of the economy, thanks to the advantages of integration, has led to a significant decline in demand for internationally produced oil at 28 West Side Street in the West Side and to a lack of real implementation of the hydrocarbon reform programme, both of which are valued in international companies.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
The price of oil is in the long-term upswing zone and the upstream exploration and development operation has suffered a significant loss. The price of oil began in 2016.
The exploration and development operation has historically declined significantly in excess of the gross rate at the high price of oil, reaching a 2% turn in 2017, and the exploration and exploitation business has still suffered a significant loss of $45.9 billion. Thus, we expect that when oil prices reach about $65 per barrel, the gross exploration and exploitation rate will be around $65.
Low oil prices below $65 are conducive to a high Māori advantage in the company’s downstream refining, chemical, and marketing plates. Submarine sales, refining, and chemical industries are ranked by size, with oil prices rising by 24% in 2017 and operating revenues of about 20% in each of the three plates;
The increase in oil prices is linked to the negative Māori rate of these plates. The refining, chemical and marketing plates are attractive to companies in the global oil companies in 2017 because of the higher quality of oil, lower fuel-gas ratios and higher value-added chemical products.
The net market rate is only 1.02 times lower than the average of 1.3 times that of international oil companies, and the company's overall interest rate this year has reached an all-time high of more than 7%, significantly exceeding that of most of the country's large-scale companies listed. The first coverage is rated as “increasing.”
The return on dividends is expected to be maintained and the upstream operations will lose much space and the size of their operations will increase over the next three years; The quality of the refined oil plates will be upgraded and the fuel gas ratio reduced; and the value of the distribution point will be highlighted by factors such as the value of China Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “China petrochemical”) being listed in and out of China.
China’s largest industry, which has an integrated energy industry, up-to- and down-stream. The company’s total equity is nearly 12.11 billion shares. The company was set up in 2000 by the China Petroleum Industries Group (hereinafter referred to as the Group) on its own initiative, with a registered capital of 121 billion people, with a total of 450,000 employees, and a group holding 70.86 per cent of the shares.
Figure 1: Organization chart of the petrochemical organization of China