Crystal Energy (688223.sh) has a strong backbone and N-type technology continues to lead. Events: Crystal Energy published its 2023th annual report. During the reporting period, companies actively responded to the intensity of industrial cycle fluctuations.
In competition, a total of 83.56gw solar photovoltaic products were sent to the world, including 78.52gw products from photovoltaic components, which, according to data from infolinkconsulting, ranked first in the industry. In 2023, the company produced a volume of n-type shipments of 48.41gw, representing about 62% of the total.
Increase in the share, the company's operating income and performance over the same period of the previous year, resulting in operating income of 1,18,682 million yuan, or 43.55 per cent over the same period; realization of net profits of 7,440 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, running on a continuous basis over the previous period of technology of the Xn type, and rapid deployment of advanced capacity: technology and volume of company-n products during the reporting period
At the same time, there has been a continuous breakthrough in the production of high-efficiency N batteries, with a maximum efficiency of 26.89 per cent in the development of N-topcon batteries and 32.33 per cent in the development of the N-topcon-based thumpcon batteries. At the end of 2023, the average efficiency in the production of N-type batteries was 32.33 per cent.
By the end of 2023, directly integrated production was able to reach 85gw, 90gw and 110gw, respectively, in the three core sections of silicon, battery and assembly.
Integrated production mix over 85 per cent, cost control casting profitability advantages, continuing to lead the industry in improving the global supply layout and proactively responding to external changes: During the reporting period, companies expanded further to include South-East Asian workers.
Globally integrated supply chains, including factories, had by the end of 2023 the largest industry capacity for overseas integration of 12gw silicon tablets, batteries, and components. At the same time, companies responded proactively to changes in trade policies in overseas markets, investing in carbon footprint management, supply chain traceability, and positive progress towards long-term stability in overseas markets.
Supply provides the basis. Through a balanced global market layout, companies have achieved faster growth in China and Europe's two major markets, while also seizing opportunities in emerging markets such as the Middle East, Latin America and South-East Asia to respond positively to the United States market.
Policies change and move toward a smooth exit. At the same time, in the face of the rapid drop in the price of components due to increased competition in the industry, and the volatility of the price of raw materials due to the changing supply-demand relationship of some of the supporting materials, companies take advantage of the n-topcon technology “chain-based enterprise” by pre-empting, responding flexibly, undertaking multiple insurance measures, and actively exploring new ones.
Crystal energy: output above average, n-type energy materials, new programmes, building the ecological supply chain around companies to ensure long-term supply and cost competitiveness.
Quick Report: Performance rating for Crystal Energy 2023q3 Investment proposal: We cut down on crystallized energy: 23h1 output above average, n due to lower product profitability due to increased industry competition
Ps 0.51, 0.64 and 0.78 shares, respectively, are 14.9, 11.9 and 9.7 times higher, and the sector leading the production-scale industry - Hmgex securities-electric equipment - maintains a “buy-a-a” investment rating.
Energy - Corporate Express: Performance Assessment of Crystal Energy 2023h1 Risks and Competition in the Photovoltaic Industry Adding Risks