q1 Performance under pressure, N-square status, Crystal Energy (688223), company reports 2023 and first quarterly reports 2024. The company achieved operating income in 2023.
q1. The volume of goods delivered is higher than the previous year. Corporate performance pressure is largely influenced by increased competition in the photovoltaic market. Prices in the main industrial chain are generally low. The total volume of goods delivered by the company is 21,907mw, of which 19,993mw for components, and silicon and battery fragments are delivered in one quarter.
1,914mw, with a 51.19% increase in total delivery compared to the same period last year. N-type technology leads highlight the status of a leader and advanced output is rapidly released. 2023, company type n \triangleright
The technology and volume size of the product remain ahead of schedule. For the entire 23-year-old N component, 48.41gw, an increase of 352% over the same year. At the same time, the company ' s high-efficiency N battery R & D output continued to break, with the highest efficiency of 26.89% N topcon battery development, based on the n topcon mine.
By the end of 23, the company had put in production more than 26% of the average production efficiency in the first quarter of the year, and the power of the n component was about 30w higher than that of the same version of the p product.
Production of 85gw, 90gw and 110gw of silicon, battery and assembly core plates, respectively, with an integrated energy mix of over 85%. Development and exploration of new photovoltaic productivity, technological change and efficiency gains.
\triangleright Built a light-voltage integration base in the Shanxi Cong Chang District, which now has 14gw capacity since March 2024. The construction of the base reflects the company’s production of light-voltage.
Model innovations, consistent with the requirements of photovoltaic new-quality productivity, will promote technological, scale, zero carbon, efficiency and intelligent manufacturing, while enhancing supply chain resilience and cost control.
The risk factor is that the demand for photovoltaic components falls short of the expected risk: the company's capacity expands short of the expected risk:
\triangleright Macroeconomic Environmental Risks, International Trade Policy Risks, etc. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in charge of research in the photovoltaic sector.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, joined the Sindam voucher research centre in 2022 for research in the electricity and storage industries. Sun Sun, Research Assistant in the new energy and power equipment industry, Master of Finance, University of Shandong, joined the Sindam securities research and development centre in 2022 for new energy vehicles.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.