We're in the top position in the industry.
Increased competition in the industry and the impact of a decline in the profitability of the components have generally been in line with expectations. The volume of output is the highest in the industry, the capacity of integrated production continues to expand, the N-type tap is firmly in place. In terms of output, the company's sales of photovoltaic components reached 78.52gw in 2023, compared to 77.11% in 2023.
The q4 component accumulates more than 210gw a year, maintaining its global leader. According to the company's projections, Dun Young-kang's production capacity is well-developed, and according to the company's annual report, the company now owns silicon and batteries.
The company produces one of the 56gw vertical base projects per year.
Phase 14gw came into production in March 2024, with silicon, battery and assembly capacity expected to meet the product parameters of Jubaino by the end of 2024. By 2023 q4, the maximum topcon battery efficiency of the Crystal Laboratory was achieved.
Li Xiaojun 26.5%. While maintaining the status of the N-topcon dragon, the company is also actively laying out the next generation of battery technology, with 32.33% efficiency of the company ' s cell of the ni-topcon-based mine stacking.
In 2023, the company launched a home, business and large-scale storage solution for different applications, 4gwh.
The storage system production line has been successfully put into production, and the subsequent battery capacity will progress in an orderly manner. In addition, the company has deployed layouts in areas such as bitv, component recovery.
Topcon leads the business, n-style upgrading and the continued expansion of integrated productive capacity are expected to be more competitive, maintaining 2. Crystal Energy (68823.sh) semi-annual report 2023.
3. Crystal energy (688223.sh) 22-year and 23-year-old company output expansion is less than expected, downstream demand for aircraft is less than expected, industry competition is more than anticipated, etc.
4. Crystal energy (688223.sh) Tri-quarter 2022
Assessment: A steady increase in performance, an accelerated push by the n-topcon - 2022/08/29 Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.