The company recently released its 2023 annual report, which generated operating revenues of $118,681 million.
Topcon technology continues to lead, and components are in the top position in the industry. In 2023, in the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved 78.52gw (n-type 48.41gw), 19.99gw, company-topcon technology continues to lead, and N-components are in the lead industry according to infolink
By the end of 2023, the company ' s silicone, battery and component production had reached 85gw, 90gw and 110gw, and the company ' s n output had exceeded 70gw, n
TYPE continues to lead, with the expected output of corporate silicon, battery and assembly units expected to reach a total equity/flow (billion shares) of 26.89 per cent for the 182n topcon battery conversion efficiency and large-area photovoltaic components of the n topcon by the end of 2024.
tüvNand certified a maximum conversion efficiency of 24.76 per cent and a 32.33 per cent conversion efficiency of a layer of batteries based on n-topcon. By the end of 2023, the company had applied for more than 3,800 patents and obtained more than 3,500 patents covering high-efficiency batteries such as perc, topcon, bc, etc.
Overseas integrated production capacity leads and emerging markets grow rapidly. Companies have the largest industry super 12gw integrated overseas production capacity and a well-developed supply chain retroactive system, while companies are proactive in responding to trade policy changes in overseas markets, investing in carbon footprint management, supply chain traceability, esg, and so on.
Positive progress has been made in laying a solid foundation for firm corporate Euro-American market shares, with companies investing in 2gw components in the United States to help the United States market deliver its goods. The company is actively pursuing new market opportunities in emerging markets such as the Middle East, Latin America, and South-East Asia, where several Gw levels have been signed.
With a large list of Ben components, with a market share of 40-50%, companies are expected to maintain a high increase in their overseas operations, promote “photovoltaic-storage” business layouts, and build a product of bipv. On the base of their photovoltaic operations, companies are active in the field of storage energy, and the company’s 4gwh energy storage system was successfully operational during the reporting period.
The blue whale's 5mwh large storage system sunterag2 and 314ah self-research cores have recently been released, signalling a desire for further landing of the storage energy business at the end of the product. The company is actively investing in product innovation, building up integration (bipv) in the field of photovoltaic construction, and providing it to clients in various sectors such as health, education, food, etc.
A variety of customization schemes, the company ' s product volume in 2023 was more than 100 megawatts. We believe that on a solid branding base for the operation of photovoltaic components, the company is actively engaged in new products and operations, and is expected to benefit fully from the high growth in the energy storage industry and the industry.
Investment proposals: The company Topcon is leading the industry, the component is first in the industry, the market in China and abroad is still in the lead, and emerging markets are leading. The company is actively pushing for the Crystal Energy 2023 annual report and the one-quarter 2024: there is a steady increase in output.
Topcon technology leads the way in consolidating the backbone of the components, goes into the photovoltaic + storage energy business layout, which will pass through the cycle and benefit fully from the light storage parities.
Topcon technology leads in the consolidation of components.
Pacific Academy, 7th floor of the 2nd Unit of the Huao Long Enterprise, 9 North outside Beijing City West Side, and 10th floor of the State Building, 500 South East Road, Shanghai City.
Hsien Shenzhen, Fuda Business, 1904 19th floor, New World Center, 19th floor, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, 102nd floor, Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report