Market profits are clearly divided, and sales are still in the top position.
Companies have been working on photovoltaic components, batteries, and silicons for almost 20 years to build vertically integrated chemical production from sticks/shatters to photovoltaic components. In a balanced global market layout, they take advantage of emerging market opportunities and respond positively to overseas policies.
Market profits are clearly divided, and the output is still the highest. The company's 2024q1 component is about 1.5gw out, the Middle East and North Africa is also a profit market, and countries such as Asia and the Pacific in Europe are at a low cost – a prudent expansion capacity, a continuous technology overlap.
Expansion, with recent fires affecting the production capacity of slices and batteries expected to be completed by the end of the year; 2gw components in the United States have been put into production in 2024q1. Topcon efficiency has continued to increase, with production at the end of 23 years reaching 25.8%, further import of technologies like Leco to 26.5% in 24 years, reaching 25 years.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on increased industry competition, full-chain profit pressure, our top position, and the continued totcon efficiency lead industry, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Crystal Energy (688223): 2023 performance forecast
Report: Increased stocking of components, increased competition, Crystal Energy (688223), 3rd quarter 2023
1.n-type components with continuous improvement of integrated and global layouts for solar photovoltaic assemblies, batteries, silicon development, production and marketing, and application and industrialization of photovoltaic technology.
By the end of 2023, the industry had the largest integrated overseas capacity of 12 gw silicon, batteries, and components. At the same time, the company was proactive in responding to trade policy changes in overseas markets, focusing on carbon footprint management, supply chain traceability, and esg.
By balancing global markets, firms have achieved faster growth in China and Europe’s two major markets, while seizing the opportunities of new emerging markets, such as the Middle East, Latin America, and South-East Asia, to respond positively to changes in US market policy and move toward smooth delivery.