There's a significant increase in corporate profits due to the growth of demand in the digital +5g market.
In the first half of the year, 100 and 400g products were exported at the same rate and continued to lead the entire industry with a market value of a share in circulation (in billions of dollars).
The first market share. We believe that, with the sustained growth of global data flows, the light module is performing at a relative depth of 300 indexes, which is expected to increase the volume of products at a faster pace of renewal, which will be a long-term driver of corporate performance.
The active layout of the 5g network, with a steady increase in market share: in the first half of the year, capital spending by the three major operators was close to 88 billion, and capital spending by the fiveg was projected to exceed 180 billion for the year, while the three operators increased their annual target of 5g, which means that construction of 5g will accelerate further in the second half of the year.
Space has increased. During the reporting period, 5g products produced by companies, such as 25 g forward, 50 g in 50g and 200g echoes, have also been able to achieve a steady increase in the volume of goods delivered and in the share of the city field, with the advantage of good technical and delivery capacity, which will be an important complement to the company ' s performance.
The acquisition will help the company to complete the vertical integration of the industrial chain by building a chip encapsulation, a light appliance component, and light.
The module is a more complete lightware industry chain. It will also effectively compensate for the deficiencies in the telecommunications market and reduce costs, including research and development costs. _aaa_Middle Xiao (300308), tracking reports
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: In view of the high profile of the future market for high-end light modules, we evaluate the report of the mid-point review of the aaa (300308), _aaa_mid-end evaluation of the high-end module (300308).
Risk factors: deteriorating competitive patterns in the industry, lower demand in the market for tons of products, US-China trade