High performance growth is in line with expectations, with the product technology industry leading the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of performance: companies achieved business income of $3.25 billion in the first half of 2020, an increase of 59.4 per cent over the same period last year;
Realising net profits of $370 million, an increase of 76.1 per cent over the same period last year, is the result of a two-fold increase in income profits and a rapid spread of operations. Benefiting from the warming demand in the international and domestic idc markets, rising capital spending by major cloud producers, companies recovered rapidly in the first half of the year.
Actively deploy idc, increasing investment in building 5g. Overseas clients have started deploying 400g light blocks, domestic clients are also actively investing in idc in the context of new infrastructure, companies are starting to demand 400g products quickly and 100g products continue to grow robustly.
The growth was also boosted by the full roll-out of construction. Company q2 realized operating income of $1.92 billion. 65.5 per cent more than the same period last year; net profit of $210 million, 96.2 per cent more than the same period last year.
At the same time, the backlog of orders in the first quarter of the epidemic was released in the second quarter, with continued high investment in R & D, leading the product technology industry. The company invested $180 million in R & D in the first half of 2020, an increase of 22.5%.
In a breakthrough, the company has now organized an expert team of good people from home and abroad. In terms of product technology, the company already has a single model parallel optical design and precision manufacturing technology, multimodel parallel optical design and coupling technology, high-speed electronic device design, simulation, testing technology, and has developed it all on its own.
Automatic and efficient assembly and testing platforms. In terms of R&D patents, companies have accumulated 16 foreign patents, 100 domestic patents, 50 of which have been invented, and the company industry’s leading product technology provides a solid foundation for the future of the public administration.
Since its inception, the company has developed a sophisticated communications module, and now has many types of light module products capable of responding to a rich application landscape. At the same time, the company’s supply capacity and industry size are at the forefront of the industry, which provides strong support for companies’ continued industry leadership.
In the next three years, the net return profits will reach a compound growth rate of 45%. Given the continuous technological innovation of the company’s products, the demand for 400g and 5g light modules has increased significantly, and the 5g telecommunications industry has grown rapidly.
The company's main business is high-end optical communication modules and smart equipment manufacturing two major sections, which form a model for the two-owned business to operate independently and in synergy. The company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Xuzhou, is dedicated to the development, manufacture and marketing of high-end optical communication modules.
Products are mainly used for domestic and international customers in areas such as cloud computing data centres, data communications, 5g wireless networks, and telecommunications transmission networks. Companies focus heavily on technology research and development inputs in high-end optical communication modules, continuously promote product up-end development and maintain a leading position in the industry.
The R & D, manufacturing, marketing and after-sales services are the main lines of operation. The subsidiary products cover a variety of areas such as industrial electric power, new energy vehicles, cars, domestic appliances, and have more than 30 series and more than 200 different types of products, and are manufactured by the domestic electric machine. The subsidiary, Xinjiang Su, was established in April 2008 as a substitute for the wireless market, with 3g and 3g in the main battalion.
4g light module surrogates and publishes a series of products, which are emerging in the 3g market. The 10g/25g/40g/100g optical and sender module was published and widely applied in the data communications and telecommunications markets. In 2014, the company led industry development on a continuous basis under the 40g light module of the Global Data Centre.
Starting in 2015, the company began preparing a 5g light module programme, and Suzhou has maintained its leading role in the light module market and has entered the domestic data centre market. In 2017, the inter-median equipment issue took a share in the sale of Suzhou, which became one of the leading companies in the global field of high-end optical communication modules, according to the Lightning report.
Suzhou was ranked second in the global market share of light modules in 2017. In 2018, the company successfully entered the 5g wireless market and launched the first 400gqsfp-ddfr4 light communication module in the industry, consolidating the market share with the advantage of research and development under a more competitive pattern of increased demand for light modules in large global data centres. In 2019, companies continued to scale up research and development for new products.
After completing the reorganization, the first targeted increase was raised to raise 1,556 million yuan for projects like 100 g/400g and 5g light module capacity building. In 2020, the company acquired the Dhuhan Technology Co. Ltd., creating a two-way "Telecom +" pattern, taking up a seat in the telecommunications market.
Corporate revenue has grown rapidly, with a significant increase in profitability. Corporate net profits have been rising rapidly in recent years, rising from 120 million yuan in 2015 to 4.76 billion yuan in 2019, with a compound increase of 251 per cent.
The rapid growth in the net profit from the recovery and repatriation is mainly due to changes in the company’s main business structure, with the addition of high-end modular equipment manufacturing operations and parallel development of the two main industries, based on the original electrical back-up and manufacturing operations. And, benefiting from the rapid development of the North American and China idc markets, the company has obtained a large number of orders, while the company is constantly promoting technological innovation.
The company recovered rapidly in the first half of the year, benefiting from the recovery of domestic and foreign demand in the idc market, the growth of capital spending by major cloud producers. The company achieved business income of $3.25 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 59.4% over the same period last year; net profit of $370 million, an increase of 76.1% over the same period last year, was also actively deployed by both domestic and foreign clients, increasing the ratio of idc to 5g.
Overseas clients have started to deploy 400g light modules, and domestic clients are also actively investing in idc in the context of new infrastructure, companies are starting to release 400g products quickly, and 100g demand continues to grow robustly. In the case of the 5g light module, the full roll-out of the domestic 5g network has also added momentum to its growth.
One hundred and twenty million yuan, an increase of 65.5 per cent over the same period last year; a net profit of 210 million yuan, an increase of 96.2 per cent over the same period last year. The rapid recovery in corporate performance was due to a significant increase in corporate demand for 400g and 5g light modules, while a quarter of the backlog of orders was released in the second quarter.
Assumption 1: With the rapid growth in information flow, the 5g module will be rapidly developed globally, with a large number of orders coming in. Suzhou, a company-owned subsidiary, will be able to benefit from the significant growth in the operation of the module as a priority.
Assumption 2: In the field of electrical appliance manufacturing, the company’s products are well-lined, one of the few manufacturers in the country that can provide customers with a set of set-up equipment that can provide the set-up equipment needed to manufacture the entire production process. The business is controlled by the epidemic in the first half of the year, with a slight increase in revenue profits but a slow increase. The company is also actively working on the product structure.
The transition to a marketing strategy and the expansion of the industrial and new-energy automobile-driven and transformer markets is expected to maintain a steady increase in future orders. Assuming automatic production lines and semi-automatic production lines between 2020 and 2022, assuming that major parts and components operations are non-corporately owned, and as the company gradually develops a scale effect in the industry, the future is expected to continue to grow.
We've selected three comparable companies in the light communication industry, three of which have a similar business to the middle glimmer, mainly based on technology for products associated with the light communication module. The average value of the three companies in 2020 was 62 times, taking into account industry development in 5g.
Rapidly, the demand for the company ' s 400g and 5g light modules and the new breakthroughs in product technology have increased significantly, and we believe that the company ' s valuation levels are undervalued relative to industry averages.
Given the continuous technological innovation in the company’s products, 400g and 5g light module business customers’ demand has not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for by the specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings (SSG) Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.