The performance of the company is within the range of the previous performance forecast and is largely in line with expectations.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): due to the global warming of markets, the demand for 400g products in overseas markets, 100g products, continued growth: “New capital” projects such as 5g networking in the country brought 25g, 50g and 200g
The demand for such products has increased: and the balance sheet for the storage of technology. Of this amount, q2 earned 1,919 million, equal to 1003 million net profits, compared to 1,999 million in the same period last year.
q2 Māori rate of 25.54 per cent, which continues the trend of improvement in the ring, and thanks to good corporate cost control, net interest rates in the first half of the year were 11.28 per cent, an increase of 1 percentage point from the same period last year.
• The industry is still in the mood, product diversification ensures future performance growth, and a report in the first quarter of 2020 reports that performance recovery is taking on a new era, while the first half of the year saw a strong national push to build new infrastructure and build up 5g base stations and data centres in the country.
Accompaniment of capital spending by large overseas cloud producers has continued to rise, creating a light-module market climate.
Construction is still in its early stages, and cloud-based penetration is still relatively large, and the future industrial landscape is growing at a high rate of performance, and the opportunity to develop in the context of a new capital build-up is expected to continue. Companies continue to accelerate the development and marketization of new products and technologies, with 800-g output.
The product has been sampled to clients, and 5g products, such as mwdm colour module and 200g return, have taken the lead in providing a sound basis for the company’s future growth through client certification and the volume of output. In the context of the continued rise in the global light market, the company will enter 5g and 400g.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.