The fast-growing 400g light module, with 100g continuing steady growth, benefited from the warming of markets both within and outside the country on 27 August 2020, and the company ' s revenues and profits continued to grow at a rapid rate during the reporting period:
During the first half of 2020, the company achieved revenue of 3,245 million yuan, an increase of 59.43 per cent in the same year; net profit returns of 365 million yuan, an increase of 76.13 per cent in the same year.
A steady growth of 5g products: During the reporting period, benefiting from favourable factors, such as the warming of market demand in data centres, both within and outside the country, rapid domestic push of 5g, rapid upswing in demand for 400g products from companies, continued steady growth in 100g products, and continued to lead the global industry of 100g and 400g products.
In addition, the company has continued to accelerate the push for new products, with new products such as the mwdm colour module and the 200g return already in volume and 800g in number.
The product has been sampled and is expected to generate a new profit growth point. The demand for 400g light module in the second half of the year is expected to remain strong, and the company’s 400g capacity continues to rise: the current demand for 400g light module is mainly from two head cloud computing firms overseas, from the second half of the year north.
In the second half of the year, the demand for 400g light modules is expected to continue to grow rapidly, according to US cloud traders’ capital spending. In terms of capacity, the company announced early in the year that the unused funds from the original fund-raising project, the "Ambek copper masonry module industry park construction project" would be used to add a new 400g light communication module extension project.
And the proportion of corporate fixed assets to total assets increased by 3.07 percentage points and so on during the reporting period, and we believe that the company ' s 400g light module capacity is also increasing rapidly, and that the 400g light module output in the second half of the year is expected to continue to increase, leading to a sustained growth in corporate performance.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: sustaining a steady growth in mid-to-class performance in the future, promising performance, demand for telecommunications, digital markets, robustness, telecommunications-to-digit resonance in the industry
Lego growth, 400g overseas and new infrastructure in the country, both driving, keeping track of future performance.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board