Event 1 of 18 November 2019: Corporate release of the Core Management Holdings Plan (draft), which proposes to buy back 390 million shares in the previous period,
All shares purchased at an average cost of $5.49 per share are used for the core employee holding scheme.
The company ' s current stockholding plan, which is long and wide in scope and does not exceed 1,200 persons, is expected to focus on functional sectors and core technical staff, focusing on new categories of core personnel such as earth machinery, high-altitude platforms, agricultural machines (not measured by the current size of the three new varieties), making it possible for the company to focus on new categories of personnel (not measured by the current size of the three new varieties)
The benefits and the interests of the core workforce are tied in depth over the long term to facilitate the development of the company in the medium and long term.
China-Change has planned to invest in the three mountain areas of the city of Lagoon for a period of six years, starting in 2020.
The country's agro-mechanical industry, after a decade of rapid growth in the Golden Decade, has become a bottleneck in terms of industrial development, as a result of the downside of the market as a whole, and the impact of traditional agro-mechanical operations has varied to varying degrees; but as the trend towards full mechanization and overall mechanization of crop cultivation continues, and the country is “high”
The industrial policy support of end-of-life equipment, smart agriculture, etc., will continue to grow, with mid- and high-end agro-mechanical products approaching market opportunities. With the Chinese agro-mechanical industry at the forefront, China’s heavy-handed layout, it is hoped that the opportunity will be seized to accelerate the transition to mid-to-high-end routes.
Main power operations are progressing well. New products can be developed. Tower operations: benefiting from the increased penetration of assembly buildings, companies have an advantage in medium towers, engineering cranes: facing a five-to-five upgrade, most of which are still available in the market.
In the face of a phase-out, the volume of heavy-load sales from 2020 remains optimistic, with the firm’s market share remaining at the top three levels, and the rate of growth is expected to go beyond the industry.
The high-altitude platform is well under way, and its products are widely appreciated by clients, and it is expected to enter the country's upper-altitude platform, the first line of operations. The arm line is designed with an annual capacity of 3,000, and it's now climbing up the productivity slope.
The performance will continue to benefit from the update week, which is expected to be released by the end of 19th; the cutting of the fork line has been well done and is expected to produce 12,000 units per year.
3. The Central Intensive Section (000157): reported fuel consumption and its strong efficiency advantages are expected to be the future growth point of the company.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board