Core products are on their way to a recovery period, and high performance innovation is expected to increase rapidly in the previous three quarters. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved a revenue of 31,76 billion yuan, an increase of 51.0 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return to mothers of 3.48 billion yuan, an increase of 167.1 per cent over the previous quarter;
Since 2019, it has benefited from a sustained increase in downstream infrastructure, real estate demand and renewal demand, driven by factors such as exports from countries along the “one-way” route, a sustained recovery in the engineering and machinery industry, a high-intensity industry, a strong market demand, the sale of company products, orders, etc.
In the third quarter, the company achieved a revenue of RMB 9.49 billion, an increase of 50.3 per cent over the previous quarter, and a net return of RMB 90.0 billion, an increase of 106.0 per cent over the same period. The performance of the company continued to grow at a high rate.
Profitability continues to increase and cash flows improve. In the previous three quarters, the company ' s Māori ratio was 29.8%, an increase of 3.4 pct over the same period; net interest rate was 10.9%; net interest rate was 4.8 pc over the same period; roe was 9.2%; net interest rate and roe levels continued to rise, while the cost rate continued to improve over the period and the overall profitability was reduced.
Upgraded. Corporate inventory turnover was 2.1 times in the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.4 times in the same year; principal data on accounts receivable was 1.3 times, an increase of 0.4 times, as at 1 November 2019; and corporate inventory and accounts receivable turnover rates were 0.4 times in the same period
The first three quarters saw net cash flows from corporate operations amount to $4.96 billion, an increase of $1.91 billion over the previous three quarters, an increase of 62.5 per cent over the previous three quarters; the company’s ability to pay back has been constantly enhanced and cash flows have continued to improve.
During the recovery period for core products, the company’s business performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the first half of the year, the public-sector concrete and crane machinery generated 74.9/110.0 billion yuan, an increase of 31.2 per cent/94.8 per cent over the same period, representing a combined share of 83.1 per cent of the total.
The recovery of machinery as a post-engineering machine product lags behind the excavator and is expected to return to its peak in the future. The market share of corporate cranes, concrete machines and domestic products continues to be “number one and two” , with construction cranes and long-arm pumpers continuing to be industry first since this year.
The domestic market share of the company ' s car cranes has continued to rise, although the rate of growth of the vehicle cranes has declined in the last three quarters, but has not been pessimistic throughout the year; the company ' s core product sales have increased at a higher rate than the industry average, and the competitive edge of the product is clear. Moreover, the company ' s high-altitude platform is operating at a very high-altitude level of effectiveness and arms intelligence.
The company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in the country. We expect the company to become one of the leading companies in the field of high-altitude platforms.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.