On 14 October, the company issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2019: a total of 34.3-35.3 net return profit was expected to be achieved in the first three quarters, and the company ' s performance was expected to remain high.
The company’s high growth in performance is due mainly to: 1) the continued high demand for engineering machinery downstream, the high level of competition for premises, the overall increase in market share and the maintenance of cost rates during the period.
Production investment continued to grow at a high rate, capital investment increased at a rate facilitated by counter-cyclical regulation, new debt-specific rules, etc., and performance elasticity was released....The upgrading was accompanied by a sustained product renewal cycle, the impact of environmental policies began to grow, and product applications were expanding.
Rapid artificial substitution, etc., adds multiple factors to the persistence of the engineering and mechanical landscape; (2) companies focus on improving the competitiveness of their products, promoting research and development for new products, enriching product spectrometry, responding quickly to market specialization, and increasing market share of core products; and (3) companies are increasingly profitable and their performance elasticity is continuously released.
The company's core product line of 4.0 is strong and its market share is constantly rising. The company's core competitiveness in engineering machinery, such as car cranes, towers, concrete pumps, etc., is strong and widely appreciated by its clients, and the market share of the product continues to rise. According to data from the Chinese Engineering and Machinery Association, the company sold about 9,000 car cranes in the first three quarters of 2019.
The market share has risen to around 28%, tower sales have increased by more than 140%, market shares have risen by more than 6 pct per year in the last two years, and now the market share has exceeded 40%, concrete pumps have increased by more than 100%, and the market share has also increased somewhat. We believe that the volume of automobile crane sales will continue to be high in 2020, with companies becoming competitive in new products and selling services in full.
The market share will increase further with the improvement of the surface and product spectrometry, with the ultimate goal of reaching a three-point target; the towers will continue to be high, corporate products will prevail, 19 years of sales will be dominated by capacity, 4 billion yuan will be added next year, and the market share will increase; concrete pumps are expected to sell more than 7,000 units in the industry this year.
More than 9,000 products are expected to be sold in the industry each year, and new products will be introduced by subsequent companies, and there will be more room for raising the market’s share in the short arm-loaded pump market. Continued tight cost-control, with reduced cost over time + scalding effects + improved product structure expected to drive companies’ profitability.
The cost rate for the period in question is 16.9% for the period in question and 2.4pc for the same period in the third quarter. The cost rate is expected to decline further in the period as the scale of sales increases. The company’s financial costs will decrease significantly compared to the major competitors, thus driving down the cost rate during the period in question.
Growth shows that the higher rate of growth of pumps and towers, with the rate of Māori in both towers and pumps approaching 40 per cent, is the two products with the highest Māori rate in the company and the main growth point in 2020, with an increase in the share of high Māori products leading to increased corporate profitability; even if pessimism takes into account the increased competition in the industry next year, the fall in the cost rate during the period + the effect of scale + product closure
Building improvements can also offset the negative impact of lower prices on profitability, so corporate Māori rates are expected to continue their steady upward trend, while net interest rates have much room for improvement, and there will be greater flexibility and certainty in corporate performance next year, building on the high performance this year.
The Central and Central Heavy Section: The “troika” of engineering machinery has grown strongly, the engineering and machinery industry has had a less-than-expected outlook, industry competition has intensified, and capital and real estate investments have been significantly lower than expected. Multiple factors have helped to shape the international giants for sustainable development.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.