On November 15, the company released the Core Management Holdings (draft) Plan, which is to be repurchased with 4.96 per cent of the amount purchased in the first half of the year.
Equity shares are used in the Stakeholder Scheme, which covers approximately 1,200 people at the core of the company ' s management and cadre of staff, and is designed to give full effect to long-term incentives to stimulate team energy efficiency, improve employee cohesion and build core company competitiveness, and provide a new strong in-house dynamic for the company ' s long-term, sustained and healthy development.
Large-hand employee holdings inject a new in-house dynamic for high-quality development, and the giant engineering machine opens a new chapter of growth. The company intends to use 4.96% of the shares purchased in the first half of the year for the employee-holding scheme: participation includes approximately 1,200 core management and cadre staff with significant implications for the company’s overall performance and medium- and long-term development, including directors, supervisors, senior executives, and large-hand employee-holding plans to inject a new in-house dynamic for high-quality development.
About 16 managers at the senior level, with a total share of 10 per cent of the Board Chairman ' s equity plan and 33 per cent of the top executives combined; stockholding schemes, with a new chapter in the growth of a giant engineering machine, the company is expected to lead for 48 months, with more than two thirds of the shares held at the meeting of holders prior to the end of the stockholding plan ' s life plan being agreed upon and submitted to the Board
Revalued engineering and mechanical enterprises, for example, unlocked after completion of performance appraisal indicators; shareholding plan entrusted to a third-party asset management agency, with the holder conference being the highest internal management authority for the shareholding plan, setting up a management committee for the shareholding plan and targeting the holding plan assets
This scheme is a major initiative for companies to implement innovative long-term mechanisms that help to boost the company’s own cohesion and market competitiveness by creating and improving mechanisms for workers’ and owners’ benefit-sharing.
The dual role of core workers and owners will further stimulate the energy efficiency of management teams and staff at all levels, fully mobilize staff motivation and innovation; and improve the company's more single remuneration structure, which will contribute to the long-term stability of the core business management team and provide strong support for the talent needed for the company to move to a leading international engineering and mechanical enterprise.
This employee-holding program will contribute significantly to the company’s transformation, upgrading its long-term value, and promoting its long-term sustainable health and development, and the company is expected to become the benchmark for a new growth chapter in the country’s engineering and machinery sector. Performance appraisals are consistent with the Quality Business Development Strategy, and companies are expected to lead engineering and mechanical business revalues.
Since then, the performance indicators of this employee equity plan have continued to emphasize sustained and robust growth: based on the company ' s annual return performance expectations for 2017-2019, the cumulative net return profit from the performance appraisals over the next three years will be $14.67 billion, taking into account the need for amortization.
The company’s management’s confidence in the long-term development is evident. Previously, the value of the engineering and machinery flagships had been contained owing to market concerns about strong cyclical properties, and we felt that macroeconomic stabilization in the country, investment size and equipment retention had increased significantly.
Driven by factors such as the widening of the application landscape, the industry will evolve from its past strong cyclical attributes to weak cyclical properties, and the leading firm is expected to grow steadily, depending on market shares and the efficiency of business management, and the industry’s valuation hub is expected to rise. The firm’s strong profitability is expected to enhance market confidence in sustained and steady growth and reduce future performance.
In recent years, the market share of the three core products of the company’s car cranes, towers, and concrete pumps has continued to rise, with the share of the vehicle crane market rising from around 21% in 2017.
Up to about 28 per cent today, the market share of concrete pumps rose from around 24 per cent in 2017 to over 30 per cent today, Ping, the market share of towers rose from less than 30 per cent in 2017 to over 40 per cent today, the market share of concrete blenders rose from less than 5 per cent in 2018 to more than 7 per cent today, and the market share continued to increase in products, services, and camps.
Since this year, real-estate investment has remained more than expected, the government has continued its policy portfolio to strengthen countercyclical regulation, the debt line has fallen early and the minimum capital ratio of capital projects has been adjusted downwards, capital investment has started to improve, combined with the effects of environmental protection, treatment, natural renewal, product structure, etc., and we remain optimistic about the next stage of engineering.
Looking forward to the year 2021, tower demand will continue to flourish, and there will be further increases in the market share of the company’s dominant product, which will be followed by growth above the industry average.
The engineering and machinery industry has a lower-than-expected outlook, increased competition in the industry, and significantly lower-than-expected capital and real estate investments.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.