Debt reduction controls optimize financial structures and performance elasticity release medium-term notes with a promise of $9 billion, which will be paid on 15 October 2014, when companies begin to optimize financial structures for debt reduction, helping to further improve profitability.
• Optimizing the financial structure for debt reduction, with continued over-performance expected. Larger and higher cost of interest-bearing liabilities, with an annual interest rate of $520 million, will result in a significant reduction in the size of the liabilities and financial costs of the post-Chinese company, which will contribute to further profitability
Upgrade, corporate money + transactional financial assets totalling 25.5 billion yuan in the first half of the year, operating cash flows amounting to 3.58 billion yuan, the best level in history, the repayment of which will not adversely affect the company ' s business continuity and cash flow; in the future, the company will further optimize its financial structure, debt ratios and finances
The rate of service costs will decline further, and the higher number of sales and after-sales service workers this year will result in faster sales costs, lower sales rates starting next year, and tighter controls on management costs. If the policy pushes for more countercyclical adjustment, the future demand in the engineering and machinery industry will be more resilient.
The downward pressure on the domestic economy has increased, and the regular national meeting held in early September has clearly proposed measures to speed up the use of local government bonds, to extend the special-purpose portion of debt in advance of next year, to expand the scope of the special-purpose debt, to strengthen the use of special-purpose debt as capital for projects, and to further increase the flow of investment, and
Full reduction of 0.5 pct on September 16 to release appropriate liquidity to the real economy, active fiscal policy and relatively generous monetary policy to provide stronger support for the demand for engineering machinery, and to add product renewal cycles, environmental policy tightening, artificial substitution and overseas market power, which we believe will be the industry for the next 1-2 years.
According to the Chinese Association of Engineering and Mechanical Industries, the volume of excavators returned to 19.5 per cent in August, the volume of car cranes decreased to 3.7 per cent, the volume of concrete pumps and towers was higher, and it is expected that excavators and car cranes will remain in position in the fourth quarter and 2020.
Over the next two years, elastic performance releases are expected to continue to exceed expectations. With the company’s strong product power, channels, and services improving, the company’s engineering machinery is a major product.
The market share has continued to rise, with automobile crane sales increasing by more than 57 per cent in August of 2019, well above the industry. Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd. (hkscc) is on track to reach its three-point target, even with a small drop in sales in the industry.
At this year's level, concrete pump sales grew by more than 100 per cent, market shares by more than 30 per cent, towers by more than 140 per cent, market shares by more than 40 per cent, and these two major operations will require industrial demand over the next two years.
Greater prosperity, and the competitive advantage of firms, will be a major sign of growth at the pick-up end. Industry needs to be more resilient, strong product power leads to a sustained expansion of market shares, product restructuring and debt reduction, and rising profitability is expected to contribute to companies’ continuing excess performance over the next two years.
• Central and Central Heavy Section: Strong Growth of Engineering and Mechanical Troika, Central and Central Heavy Section: High-quality development of three core and later-stage products and engineering machines
The engineering and machinery industry has a lower-than-expected profile, increased competition in the industry and significantly lower-than-anticipated capital and real estate investments.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy, Yang Shao Fai