The three-quarterly performance of the High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials Research Centre, with three-quarterly cash-rich companies issuing three-quarter reports, achieved business income of $31.8 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 51 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Realization of a net return profit of 3.48 billion yuan, an increase of 167 per cent in the same year, net gain of 2.8 billion in the same year, an increase of 106 per cent in the same year, net profit of 650 million in the same year, an increase of 111 per cent in the same year.
The company’s performance began to be released quickly in 2019. The post-engineering cycle market continued to hold, industry sales grew and historical legacy issues, such as second-hand equipment, and the company’s Māori rate recovered to 30% in the first three quarters of 2019, with an increase of 3.5 pct, with a net interest rate of 11%, a significant increase over the same period.
The cost rate for the previous three quarters was 17.5 per cent, a decrease of 2.8 pct over the previous three quarters, and the company continued to exercise strict control over three quarters of 1. " Post-Engineer Product Dynamics, pc towers " . The cost rate for the period is expected to decrease further as the scale of sales increases.
Receivables turnover and inventory turnover increased by the same year, with net operating cash flows of $4.96 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 62 per cent over the same period, which continued to rise at an all-time high.
Multiple plates drive together, products are competitive, and market shares are expected to continue to rise.
The towers, driven by assembly building factors, still have much room for development; the big towers in the company have a strong competitive advantage, and now the city has more than 40% of them.
Wang Huajun, after starting his production, opened the tower for 10 billion dollars, and the company began to increase its efforts to develop high-altitude platforms and excavator products along with the company’s production.
Good quality will provide a good basis for companies to develop in the longer term. Zhu Yonghua has invested less than expected in the construction of the infrastructure; risks from falling sales in some of the product industries; and exchange-rate risks.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment