Event: The company issues an employee ownership plan to award the company ' s repurchase shares to its core management staff and cadres at a cost of $2.75/share, not exceeding the total
At the same time, the company issued a public announcement that the controlling company, the Central Union, intended to invest in the development of smart farming machines in the three mountainous areas of the city of Lagoon, and planned to invest 2.05 billion yuan in the period 2020-2025.
The company issues an employee holding scheme, which helps to enhance the company's long-term value: the company's publisher The company's shareholding scheme, which proposes to award the company's repurchased shares at a price of $2.75 per share (not exceeding 50 per cent of the average repurchase value of the shares of $5.49 per share) to the company's core management and cadres
The introduction of the SPE programme has helped to improve the benefit-sharing mechanisms between employees and shareholders, to improve the cohesion of the SSC (000157) performance of the three-quarterly report, and to enhance the company's long-term value.
Common market expectations, market position of core products Proposed investment in smart agro-mechanics industrialization project for upgrading agro-mechanical operations: continued upgrading of corporate holdings - - 2019/10/31
The affiliate ' s medium-range engine plans to invest $2.05 billion between 2020 and 2025 in smart farmers ' products, cvt horse tractors, large-scale high-end sugar cane harvesters, high-end fruit and vegetables harvests, which are expected to continue to benefit the industry.
Research and development of smart equipment, etc., to facilitate the transformation and upgrading of the medium- and heavy-line farm business. After 10 years of gold production, the industry has entered a bottleneck period, with excess supply of conventional farm machinery,
The issue of the lack of high-end and cash-crop farming machines, as a market advantage in China's agro-mechanics industry, is a major effort to develop the potential of new products.
In response to national calls, leading companies have developed high-end smart farmers ' farms with autonomous intellectual property rights -- 2019/08/31 machine equipment, which has turned the mid-link into a world-renowned manufacturer of smart high-end agricultural machines.
The core product concrete machinery, cranes, and especially car cranes, continues to be in one or two positions. This year, sales have been stepped up, and the certification code has become more flexible.
The first three quarters saw a significant increase in the share. The company was the absolute leader in the domestic construction of the industry, benefiting the towers, growing demand in the industry, taking full advantage of the opportunity to expand its capacity, and is expected to show a high rate of growth throughout the year. The company began to deploy new high-altitude platforms, earth machinery, etc.
According to the report, the high-altitude product is well-opened, maintaining the black horse posture, and is expected to become the first echelon of the high-altitude platform.
The service network layout, with the roll-out of ze60e-10, ze75e-10 small digs, is expected to become a future public sector employee-owned scheme to raise the company’s long-term value and invest in smart farmers to drive the transformation and upgrading of the Division’s strong growth points.
Employees’ shareholding plans to upgrade the company’s long-term value, invest in smart farming machines to promote transformational upgrading, and are good at industrial chain research, especially in robotics and automation-related plates. Eight years in the financial sector, representatives include Robot Trends, and so on.
Heart, in July 2017, was better placed to seize investment opportunities from the bottom up. The Center, in September 2017, was better placed to take advantage of industrial trends.
The Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Centre in July 2019, was dedicated to studying industrial fluctuations and finding certainty opportunities, and was employed at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre, which joined the Pacific Securities Institute in July 2017.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.