Shen Jia, the employee ownership plan, which highlights the company's confidence development, recommends that the “buy-in” company publish a draft employee ownership plan in recent days, and that the shares of a share to be bought back over the last six months not be equal to the total.
More than 1,200 employees launched the employee holding program, highlighting the firm’s confidence in sound growth over the next three years. The company is now growing robustly, its product structure is improving, and its market competitiveness is increasing; The current countercyclical adjustment policy is increasing and the country’s third phase-out is on the rise, with the company expected to continue in 2020.
11.3 times and 9.9 times, h shares equal to 9.6 times and 8.4 times,a dividends rate and the company's announcement of the employee holding scheme, which highlights the company's confidence in development: the company released its employee/stock on 16 November; the total number of employees of the company participating in the plan will not exceed 1,200, including core management.
This is a three-year break-off of the stockholding, and the conditions that we expect to set down reflect the firm's confidence in its sound development over the next three years. In addition, the shareholding plan will take into account traditional and new business in the distribution of staff, and it is hoped that it will be possible to mobilize new business.
Corporate growth has been boosted by a steady growth in traditional business and increased investment in agro-machinery: the company’s business performance is now relatively high in the last four quarters.
Well, the main product markets have continued to rise, and the Māori has remained stable. Looking forward to next year, once the governance has been overstretched and the country's three machines have been phased out, the company's concrete and mechanical products will continue to grow.
It is hoped that a better acceleration will be achieved; the crane plate, where the company’s superior product towers are full of orders, is expected to increase by more than 30%, and that the company will maintain the market share of the car crane through product structural upgrades. In addition, in the new business, the agricultural plate is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses this year, and the company will be able to make a difference.
The company issued an announcement on November 16 regarding the investment of smart machines in subsidiaries, which plans to invest $2.05 billion between 2020 and 2025 in new product research and development, information construction, and upgrading of production lines. As agriculture progresses,
Industrialization and scale-up, companies are expected to take advantage of the market through high-end product reserves. Prospective profitability: the company’s stock-holding scheme highlights confidence in the company’s development, and the company is expected to continue in 2020 against a backdrop of countercyclical policy adjustments and the country’s three-phaseout requirements.
The Division, as a leading engineering machine enterprise, is expected to continue to develop steadily, a dividends rate and h dividends of chinaresearchdept. Expected return (er) as follows: