Performance met expectations and continued to benefit from the renewal cycle of engineering machinery at 31 October 2019 billion yuan, or +167 per cent of the year; net gain of $2.77 billion, or +189 per cent of the year, from non-return to the mother.
949 million yuan, i.e. 50 per cent of the year; a net return of 900 million yuan, i.e. + 106 per cent of the year; and a doubling of the net profit of non-repatriation q3 and continued to benefit from the renewal cycle.
The market share of the company's main product weighting machines and concrete machines in the domestic product market tower cranes: (1) benefit from the increased penetration of assembly buildings, demand for large ton towers increases significantly, and the company's advantage in the big tower area is clear, and we expect the towers to have 40-50% of the city in 19 years.
In the second half of the year, with the continued release of the tower's capacity, the company's sales volume, the engineering crane: due to the high base for the same period over 18 years, the growth rate has slowed considerably in the second half of the year.
Concrete machinery: Due to the intensive implementation of environmental policies, the pace of industrial renewal and replacement has accelerated, with a projected q3 pump sales rate of 30-40% and a company growth rate of more than 40%. According to our calculations, the pump’s profitability has continued to increase and the cost rate of scale has declined significantly.
The combined Māori ratio of 2019q1-q3 is 29.8%, corresponding to +3.45 ptt; net interest rate of 10.9%; net interest rate of +2.5 pt; same rate of +2.5 pt, which is a significant scale effect for the continued sale of the main farm product; and value-added new products of 4.0 and the start-up of national six pump vehicles, among others, which raise the overall Māori rate.
▪ Good operating cash flows and improved operational efficiency
Since then, there has been a steady increase in corporate inventory; accounts receivable of $25.9 billion, or +12.9 per cent, reflect a quarterly improvement in the turnover of company inventory days, with 128 days in the three quarterly reports, a decrease of 26 days, and 208 days, or 78 days, a decrease in inventory and receivables.
The growth in the accounts reflects the growth in the size of the company’s business and the reduction in the number of working days, which shows that the company’s operational capacity is growing and operating well.
The company’s high-altitude operating platform is well established, and its products are widely appreciated by its clients and are expected to enter the country’s first line of high-altitude operating platform areas.
The high performance will continue to benefit from the week of renewal, while the company is also pushing ahead with intelligent manufacturing, with a multiplicity of 4.0 products in the first half of the year.
Periods 2019-09-01: The combined heavy Kota machine intelligence plant has reached steady production, and the high-altitude platform arm-based smart production line has been achieved, 2, and the Central Heavy Section (000157): reported.
In addition, there are plans to build hybrid car smarts industrial parks, hydraulic key components industrial parks, and public performance forecasts for supermarkets, which will be followed by an excavator's intelligence back to the steps.
Merger buy-back sends a positive signal that the main industry is condensed and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory committee on securities.