The q4 performance is expected to improve when the Māori rate hits the bottom, is affected by a significant increase in stock impairment readiness, and q3 has experienced a year-on-year decline in performance.
Billion dollars, down 6176% from the same year. We believe that the main reason for the fall in corporate q3 quarter performance was a consecutive downward adjustment in single crystal silicon prices, which dropped by 43.52% during the year, and that the Maori rate showed signs of a bottom-up.
At the beginning of the year, the single crystal component has also fallen by 0.92 to 1.95 dollars/w/w. As a result of the current decline in upstream silicon prices, the pressure on corporate products has been partly passed upstream.
Advance receipts and inventories have increased significantly, and the expected increase in the volume of q4 shipments in the q3 season is expected to be 900 million tablets of the company single crystal silicon, amounting to 950 million pieces; single crystal components, yielding 147gw, yielding 1.23gw. Advance receipts to 2018q3 amounted to $1,303 million, an increase of 68.90 per cent over the same period;
The output volume is expected to improve, with q4 modules expected to be more than 2.5gw per quarter. Domestic demand is relatively stable, overseas markets are the main increase, New Deal 531 influences, and domestic photovoltaic markets are more volatile, but there is no demand at present.
In January-September 2018, we had 34.5gw light voltage, a decrease of 20%; in the concentration 17.4gw, a decline of 37%; in the distribution 17.14gw, an increase of 12%. We believe that with the rapid downswing of domestic photovoltaic prices and the easing of overseas policies, we will be able to make a difference.
The main current increase in domestic photovoltaic producers is likely to be in overseas markets represented by Europe, the United States, and India, as compared to domestic markets. We believe that the 531 PV New Deal has had an impact on companies’ operations, but its impact is limited.
Half-yearly review of Lungi shares: Silicon film prices show good cost transfer capabilities and operational capabilities. We continue to maintain the company’s 18-20 ps, and productive capacity releases a boost in productivity.
Quickness has led to a continued decline in capacity utilization; the stock chain has continued to shuffle and so on before the Internet at an affordable price.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City