Short-term performance with stock impairments, bottom-of-business data, bottom-of-the-ground performance with net interest rate levels: influenced by the well-known 531 policies, the entire industry chain in the photovoltaic industry has been in full price collapse since June of this year, with 8 and 9
Monthly demand has recovered mildly, but it is still difficult to reverse the general decline in the q3 performance of photovoltaic manufacturing firms. Stock levels that are inevitably high due to freezing of end demand and inertia of production capacity, add short-term ones.
The rapid fall in domestic product prices caused the company to lose nearly 260 million yuan in asset impairment during the q3 season, representing 5.5 per cent of the income of the current season, seriously delaying performance, resulting in net interest rate levels for the current season netting off investment returns.
From 6 pct to 5.2 per cent below the ring q2 ratio, we believe that the level of net interest rates in this single quarter, both in absolute terms and against the background of its output, has already shown some low-growth characteristics, based on industry history and taking into account the current differences in profitability between photovoltaic enterprises.
3. "At worst times, profitability will be on a season-by-season basis, the dominant product structure will support the Māori rate, and the silicon new production capacity will be on a large scale conducive to a recovery in silicon profitability: despite the sharp fall in industry chain prices during the reporting period, corporate q3 combined Māori ratio has only declined.
High Profitability Innovation, Component Operations Reproducing Silicon Film Success Path - Annual Stock Exchange Review of Lungi, 1.7- 21.3%, which we believe is in line with the product structure of the company's advantage (high power perc monocrystal group)
A high proportion of these items are closely related to the decline in non-silicon costs from continuous conversion of R & D inputs.
For the company ' s cost-effective silicon chain, which has a large amount of low-cost new production capacity, the release of new silicon capacity in the coming year will be much faster than the silicon link (in contrast to this year), which will further contribute to the recovery of the silicon chain ' s profitability.
In 2019, growth in overseas markets picked up, and global demand is expected to pick up again at 20%: in parts of the world that experience excellent day-to-day conditions and scarce fossil energy resources, photovoltaics are already the lowest-cost power source. This year, as a result of China’s policy adjustments, the cost of photovoltaic installation fell by more than 20%, adding to the elimination of Europe’s mic policies, based on the elimination of the European mic policy.
China’s domestic demand is largely flat, and we expect global photovoltaic demand to reach 115gw in 2019, returning at a rate of more than 20%. The share of corporate exports has risen rapidly over recent years, and is expected to benefit directly.
Increased, long-term corporate-goods logic remains strong, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Upstream supply releases combined with low end demand lead to higher-than-expected price reductions: China’s new energy subsidy Chart 1: Corporate income, Māori rates, and cost rates for a single quarter
Figure 2: Net profits, net interest rate of the company per quarter Analysis of the relevant reported rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment