Profit-taking influences the single-crystal penetration of performance, the rate of improvement for the future of the company, the Lungi shares.
The company issued a three-quarter performance announcement stating that the net profit attributable to the parent owner in the previous three quarters was $1,691 million, a decrease of 24.53 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year;
In the first three quarters of 2018, corporate revenue grew by 35 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the contribution came mainly from single crystal silicon, which accounted for 35 per cent of total business, and 56 per cent of sales of photovoltaic components. Net profits fell by 24.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of a decrease in the combined Māori rate, a sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products, which led to a combination of Māori overcapacity and a 531 New Deal, and a 43 per cent decline in single crystal silicon and 28 per cent in the price of components in 2018, directly reducing the business base.
But companies still operate at a better level of profitability than most multi-crystal silicon-producing enterprises, with more than 70% of production capacity being maintained, and a significant decline in the Māori ring than in the source of financial booms in the East. For photovoltaic-producing enterprises, post-scale production cost-control capacity will be the most important determinant of market competitiveness.
Industry integration and increased concentration are inevitable trends, and companies are still in balance-sheet-driven stages, where they are expected to benefit from scale-up. 2. Mono-crystal penetration is increasing to open up the space for corporate development.
90gw, with a single crystal penetration rate of about 33%, and an expected 60gw, 110gw, with a single crystal penetration rate of 35% by 2018, and an expected future single crystal penetration rate of over 40%. As a result of a gradual reduction in single crystal price differentials, the single crystal value ratio has risen significantly, resulting in a reduction of less than 50% of the post-New Deal multiple crystal capacity, while the company ' s single crystal silicon production capacity has remained at more than 70%.
In the pilot project, single crystals have become the mainstream technology route, with the second half of the year being primarily the pilot project, and single crystals are supported by stable demand. The company continues to expand the capacity of single crystal silicone and components, which were built on 15gw, 6.5gw in 2017 at the end of 2018, to 28gw, 12gw, an absolute single crystal. The company issued an announcement to raise $3.9 billion in funds to be sold to all shareholders, mainly for single purposes.
The crystal battery and assembly projects underscore the firm determination of companies to develop monocrystals. In the light of the downward trend in photovoltaic subsidies and the trend towards affordable Internet access, monocrystal products will gain advantage in multi-crystal competition, and companies are expected to develop rapidly by replacing the monocrystal with the east wind.
The photovoltaic industry is still at the technology optimization stage, the technology route has not been fully harmonized, and technological upgrading will have a profound impact on industry development. Companies have invested heavily in technology and technology development, with research and development costs of $147 million in the previous three quarters, an increase of 28 per cent over the previous three quarters, representing 1 per cent of the current main business income. Sustained inputs have been rewarded with the highest efficiency of 23.6 per cent of the company's single crystal perc battery conversion and 60-type high-efficiency single crystal perc components.
With a 20.66% efficiency gain, the 60th crystal perc semiconductor has reached 360w, refreshing the world's record. In the case of accelerated Internet access, more efficient, high-value batteries will emerge, and corporate research and development will gradually generate value.
The company is the homeline silicon silicon silicon, and in the face of a chill in the 531 post-neopolitik market, the trend towards a single silicon replacement will accelerate and the company will benefit from increased integration and concentration in the photovoltaic industry, although performance will be stressed in 2018, but it will have a very large growth potential in the long run. We expect the company to earn $20.16 billion, $30.64 billion and $34.45 billion in the years 2018-2020, respectively.
The lack of support for photovoltaic policies, the sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
He Dynasty Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, University of Qinghua, Master of Science and Technology, 4 years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, 3 years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry, and joined the East Hing Portfolio in 2018 for electricity equipment and new energy research.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.