A return in profit from the photovoltage, the release of capacity to drive future performance growth, and a follow-up report on the Tungwei shares (600438.sh) of 22 April 2019.
On April 22, 2019, the profit-making capacity of luminous dragons rose, and in 2018, both in the context of photovoltaic and fluctuations in the agricultural sector.
Tonway shares (600438.sh) are fully productive and silicon old production efficiency gains, with sales growth driving companies to earn $27,535 million, an increase of 5.53 per cent. Companies continue to optimize silicon costs, battery size effects are visible, the q4 Māri rate returns, and net return returns are achieved throughout the year.
Two hundred and ninety-nine million yuan, or a decline of 0.03 per cent in the same year. 209q1, offshore markets drive demand in the low season, companies continue to tap into old-age capacity, production increases in a single month, costs fall, and, with new capacity climbing, q1 achieved revenues of $6,169 million, an increase of 18.14 per cent, and the Māori rate of 22.25 per cent, a rise in recent years.
At the end of 2018, the company’s in-house holdings in Sichuan Leungwei and the shares in Sichuan Leungwei showed a relative depth of 300 tons of silicon, with the company producing 80,000 tons of silicon, and plans for a future of 25,000 tons of silicon each in Leysan II.
In 2018, the company ' s production costs for silicon aging capacity decreased by 0.35 million yuan per to $5.53 million per ton on a year-on-year basis, while single crystals accounted for 70% of the total, further reducing the company ' s silicon costs to 40,000 yuan per ton as new production became available. With the product of the Chengdu and compost cell project, the company formed a 3gw polycrystal and 9gw single-crystal cell capacity, and in 2019 the company delivered four issues and the browsing project after delivery.
On April 10th and 12th, the National Energy Agency (NEA) took a step-by-step approach to the price parity project.
The lead in the cycle, the pre-contribution and competitive projects were consulted, and the draft explicitly encouraged the prioritization and elimination of parity items, which are now declared above 7gw in the industry; the bid was divided into five categories, with $3 billion in 2019 for additional loading subsidies, of which light
In addition, the V-R-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
The price of silicon is expected to hit the bottom, and the company’s output is expected to climb up well. In recent times, the price of single crystals and multi-crystal silicon is expected to touch the pressure of production below the grid, reducing supply pressure to a certain extent. The company’s current share of hand-held production sheets has risen to about 20%, and is expected to increase further to more than 50% or 70% when demand improves in three quarters, and the company’s cost of new production capacity is expected to rise further to over 70%.
The advantages are clear, and profitability is expected to increase further.
On April 19, the price was collected, which corresponds to 17, 15, and 12 times the price. As the policy of photovoltaic subsidies gradually landed, the country would need to start building 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, while the price parity era was expected to open up the space for industrial growth, and the company would be a photovoluntage head and technology.
Risk factors: policy support falls short of expected risk; force majeure risk; overseas market demand falls short of expected risk; first, the ability of photo-voluntellors to earn more, and the ability to release productive energy to drive future performance growth.
The company was driven by the agricultural (fishing) + photovoltaic dual industry, where the agricultural feed plate was the company’s traditional business plate, which in recent years has increased its deployment in the areas of food and livestock production. In 2016, the company acquired the corporate silicon, battery and power plant business assets into the photovoltaic sector. In 2018, the company continued to expand its production capacity in silicon and battery chips/assemblies, with the company’s capacity to produce 25,000 tons of silicon each in the first phase of the Leisan and Silicon-head projects at the end of 2018, and the company’s capacity to produce 80,000 tons of silicon at the same time.
The Sichuan and Fertilizer Efficient Battery Project was also launched in early 2019 at the end of 2018, producing 12gw, including 3gw multiple crystals and 9gw single crystals. Figure 1: Corporate business layout in 2018, against a backdrop of a sharper decline in product prices due to volatility in the photovoltaic sector, companies have continued to release production capacity to the forefront of the industry, benefiting both of which are in two phases.
The 2gw battery project is fully productive and silicon old-yielding efficiency gains, the impact of the 50,000-ton production capacity on the mountain, and the growth in sales of corporate batteries and silicon fueled the company as a whole to collect 27,535 million yuan, an increase of 5.53 per cent over the same period. Given the decline in product prices, companies continue to optimize their costs, with the average cost of production of silicon falling from 588 million yuan per ton in 2017 to 553 million yuan per ton, and the effect of the battery plate size is evident, with the company achieving a Māori rate of 18.91 per cent over the year, a decrease of 0.51 ppt over the same year.
The Division’s financial cost rate has increased, but the overall cost rate has been relatively stable over the period. The net return to the mother was eventually achieved at $2,019 million, a decrease of 0.03%. By operation, battery and component operations benefited from the full production and release capacity of the 2gw high-efficiency battery project in both phases, with a 61 per cent increase in sales of company batteries and components in 2018, driving the operation to a profit of $7,642 million, an increase of 18.80 per cent, and a Māori rate of 18.70 per cent, a decrease of 0.19 ppt in the same year;
The silicon business company, which has continued to promote efficiency gains in old production in Leysan, increased its contribution to the production of 25 million tons of silicon projects each, increased sales of silicon in 2018 by 20 per cent on a year-on-year basis and continued to raise 3,317 million yuan, a 2.77 per cent increase in product prices and a 35.67 per cent increase in Maori, and, on the same basis as in the agricultural sector, reduced the company's production of water feed at its core, optimized two “structural adjustment” feed operations with a substantially equal performance of 15,236 million yuan gross,
14.60 per cent interest rate; at the same time, in 2018, the company ' s food processing and farming operations broke out at a rapid pace, with a loss of business performance of 1,397 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
Continued promotion of new and old production potentials and further optimization of costs, Māori recovery since the second half of 2018, with 2019q1 achieving a Māori rate of 22.25 per cent, which has been high in recent years. Corporate overall cost levels have been relatively stable over the period, resulting in a net return of 491 million yuan, an increase of 53.36 per cent over the same period.
Figure 9 Quarterly changes in net return on the company ' s parent, Figure 10 Quarterly changes in the company ' s Māori rate and net interest rate, Figure 11 Quarterly changes in the company ' s roe and roa
II. Analysis of financial statements: Energized capacity, historically low stock, fully productive, and historically low stock for one quarter. Corporate PV block sales remained full of stock, with no excess stock except for normal stock. Reserve raw materials in one quarter led to an increase in stock size due to factors such as seasonal characteristics of company agricultural plates, but the stock turnover for 2019q1 was 36 days, with q1 swing days in history.
Over 40 days, the company’s stock level is at a low level. We believe that there is some correlation with the light season of a quarter’s light demand and the restructuring of the company’s feed business.
A third quarter saw the issuance of debt-transferable and short-term vouchers, accompanied by a significant increase in the size of funds available for debt-transfer, cash flows from corporate fund-raising activities and money. As the company’s compost cell block project and the packaged silicon project became operational, the build-up process led to a reduction in the size of the company’s construction work in 2019 and an expansion in the size of its fixed assets.
The Division received funds for debt-transferable issuance, the size of monetary funds significantly increased its impact, and debt sustainability indicators, such as company liquidity ratios, increased.
On 10 and 12 April, the National Energy Agency published a programme for the promotion of wind power, a project for the construction of unsubsidized flat-cost Internet access and a programme for the management of wind power and photovoltaic construction in 2019.
With respect to competitive projects, the text clearly divides the photovoltaic projects into five categories, namely, photovoltaic poverty alleviation, household photovoltaics, general power stations, business distribution, special and demonstration projects, and arranges for 3 billion yuan to be subsidized for new photovoltaic projects.
In the light of the Phosphopic Poverty Alleviation Project, the State has now issued two batches of “13-5” projects for poverty alleviation, the first of which was issued in late 2017, covering the load size of 4.19-gw: In the light of the flat price project, the 2019 PEP is divided into direct declaration parity projects and old-age conversion projects. For declared parity projects, there are now two types of PEPs in the industry.
For old projects, the policy makes clear that the grid will be eliminated as a first priority, with some construction costs being lower than 5 per cent in the context of a clear future discard rate, and there is still some incentive for earlier reconnection projects to move to parity. 3.2 Silicon prices are expected to touch the bottom.
In 2018, the price of silicon fell down as the industry added production capacity, but it has recently emerged. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, the average price for recent monocrystal uses was 746,000 yuan per ton, a 0.13 per cent increase in the perimeter ratio, a 592 million yuan per ton increase in multi-crysil silicon filaments, and a 0.17 per cent increase in the perimeter ratio. On the one hand, at pre-date price levels, most second- and third-line firms, with the exception of the new production capacity that was expanded in the industry in almost one-two years, were almost in a state of loss: on the other hand, enterprises responded to the price.
Production pressure from the bottom line, pre-revision: In terms of stocks, the industry currently has some stocks of multi-crystal silicon materials, and the supply pressure is expected to be alleviated as production firms close down for repairs and new production capacity from large plants climbs up the slope and single-crystal production rises. Given the industry’s first-line capacity build-up, the company’s in-house and new production from Sichuan Lei Mountain will be ready for production by the end of 2018, and will gradually reach production by the end of March and April, with single-crystal production taking place.
In 2019, a new energy supply of 36,000 tons was expected to start in April, Xinjiang 3b by the end of 2018, Xinjiang 3b by the end of 2019, and through technology expansion to 35,000 tons in mid-2019, 4a by the end of 2019, and the East’s hopes for capacity are expected to accelerate. Momentum, coupled with an era of parity, is expected to open up the space for industrial growth further, with companies maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies as light-voluntage head costs and technological advantages.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, University of Jilin, Master’s degree, July 2018, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre and is currently engaged in new energy research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.