China Stone (600176.sh): Bold Dragon Head August 27, 2024
China’s Great Stone is the leader of the global bobble industry, with a high cost of 1.16 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 961 million yuan, a decrease of 53.41 per cent from the previous year.
Stable growth in sales guarantees stable growth in the fibre optics and product owners. Companies’ operating income in the first half of 2024 was the same as the decline in other operating income in the company’s operations (with other operating income falling by 93.97%), while the company
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The operating income of the primary fibre-optics and products business and other businesses has continued to grow by 0.44% and 3.90%, respectively, over the same period.
In the first half of 2024, the company’s sales of fibres and products and electronics were reduced, but they remained stable, driven by sales. The Māori Ring ratio improved estimates, and the company’s prices and adjustments for bras and electronics in the second quarter of the year.
The company, as the global backbone, has a large scale and cost advantage, is resilient and stable in a climate of low industry climate. At the same time, the company constantly improves its production equipment and technology, and improves the integrated quality of its products.
The combination of outstanding advantages has become the basis for companies to resist risks. Industry’s low-intensity and accelerated industry’s good and bad.
As demand improves in the industry, companies will be more resilient, waiting to survive the low-end period. Headlines are prominent, risk-resilient, stable, and the company will remain “a strong source of Eastern wealth and wisdom.”
China's Great Stone (600176.sh): Provincial dragons are stable and risk-resistant, the source of the east's wealth and wisdom, the source of the east's wealth and spirit.
China Stone (600176.sh): The Provincial Dragon runs a stable, risk-resistant business.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China ' s Stones (600176.sh): The ability of the Provincial Dragon to operate in a stable and risk-resistant manner does not guarantee any change in the information and advice it contains. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.