\triangleright (1) unit price, according to Cheuk Intel data, 24q2 of 2400tex entangled directly across the country at an average price of $3666 per ton, compared to -7.1 per cent, ring + 19.6 per cent, a marked recovery in the coarse price ring, mainly as a result of the launch of the late March Dragon Enterprise.
In April-May, the industry announced price increases, with a faster pace of going to the stock market; (2) sales of 24h1 sold 1.52 million tons, or +23 per cent. According to Treasure Data, the industry stock at the end of 24q2 was 628,000 tons, 167,000 tons lower than at the end of 24q1 and 21 per cent lower, mainly due to mid-March.
The non-net ring ratio has increased, and 24q2 companies are expected to recover significantly from the non-net ring. Electronic fabric: supply and demand patterns are better and prices are stronger \triangleright
(1) In terms of unit prices, the national average price of electronic sheeting of 24q2 is 3.71 yuan per metre, corresponding to 4.2 per cent, ring ratio + 9.9 per cent, and the previous period (of which the production line has been restored),2 all show varying degrees of loss except for the giant stone, which has been evaluated since April.
The price of copper has risen, and the ccl manufacturer has been simultaneously increasing the supply of upstream raw materials, leading to a cycle of electronic refilling.
(2) In terms of sales volume, 24h1 e-store sales amounted to 458 million metres, i.e., +13 per cent. 3. China's Great Stone (600176.sh) performance forecast for 2023.
\triangleright comment: The price of the fibres continues to be explored, the structural advantage of the product is the high demand for the coarse industry and the macroeconomic relevance of the supply side, which was more under pressure in 2024 and is expected to start in 2025.
Remark: Increased competition at the bottom of the bra industry, higher prices for electronic fabrics, more price-resilient and more robust in determining the main cause of high price willingness by leading firms + the cost curve angle. Follow-up demand side Focus: 1 export, and 11 per cent, 23 per cent, 15 per cent, and 21 per cent respectively, of exports from the fibre-optic industry in April-July, still at the same rate of increase.
In the direction of low-skinned demand, attention will be paid to the forecast for the September fall in the United States; 2 wind veils, 24h2 wind power projects are expected to accelerate: profits will be slightly higher than performance reports, the bottom of the industry will be stagnated, the demand for wind blades will be released faster, the level of profit will be raised, and attention will be paid to wind-share supply expectations.
Investment Recommendations: Continuing to recommend a change in company-led price competition strategy, stronger price resilience after a coarse re-price,2 better supply and demand patterns for electronic fabrics, stronger prices, reduced supply varieties for scarce manufacturing links in midstream, 3 demand-side concerns for exports + wind power, 4 company zero carbon bases leading the world, are expected to create a new cost-leading advantage. Considering the re-winding of fabrics,
After the price has been adjusted slightly, we have revised our profit projections downwards, and the net return to the company is expected to be 22.61 and \triangleright net profit for 2024-2026, respectively, to draw conclusions from the methodological and analytical logic, to produce the present report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.