Mid 2024: q2 performance ring repair, new production capacity expected to strengthen corporate leadership: incident: corporate disclosure mid-2024, net profit/loss/retention from parent return from 24h1
24h1 sales have continued to grow on the same basis, and good industry reprices have led to a marked improvement in the two-quarter profit ring ratio. (1) 24h1 companies have generated $7.60 billion in fibres and products, compared to +04 per cent.
The sales of the veil have also increased significantly over the course of q1; (2) the company has been repriced for bras and electronic fabrics since the end of the quarter, and other firms have actively followed up. The reprice has worked well.
Losses on exchange affect financial costs, with an improvement in net interest rate ring ratio of q2. (1) Cost rate for the period of 24h1 due to exchange rate movements affected by 24h1 recorded exchange losses of $3.04 million (receivable on exchange during the same period last year due to higher disposal gains from the disposal of powdered metals by the company in 2023; (3) sale of 24h1
The profit level of q2 companies improved markedly, with net interest rates of 14.3 per cent and ring ratios of 3.5 pct. 24h1 achieved a net cash flow of $230 million in operating activities, compared with $140 million, mainly due to a decrease in cash received for sale of commodities and the payment/pay-as-you-go ratio of 24h1
The company's new production capacity at Huai An Base is gradually landing, the product structure continues to improve, and the vanguard's advantage is expected to increase. The 2nd 100,000-ton production line of the Great Shishi Huai An Carbon Smart Manufacturing Base was set on fire at the end of July, and I, China's Stone (600176); I'm reporting in the first quarter of 2024.
They expect to achieve normal production by the end of August; according to the company announcement, the company intends to evaluate its fully-owned subsidiaries.
The success of the reprice, coupled with increasing production capacity, is accompanied by a gradual restructuring of the product structure, which will further strengthen corporate barriers to competition and increase profitability stability.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies take advantage of medium- and high-end market opportunities at cost in the downside of the industry
China Stone (600176): 2023 Annual Report site: advantage, new release capacity, upside of the market; first half of the year ' s industry recovery has been steady, competitive: industry bottom is clear, profits can be improved.
As a leader in the industry, the company has fully benefited from the advantages of size and cost, and its performance has taken the lead in making changes to the three major financial forecasts for China's Great Stones.