The growth in performance was in line with expectations, with a wide market space for the aerospace system, the three-quarterly evaluation of the Chinese electronics (600372) in 2018, the release of the third-quarter report of the Chinese electronics in 2018, and the company's operating income of $4.601 billion in the first three quarters.
Increase of 14.00 per cent over the same period: realization of net profits of $248 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
The company’s performance has been affected by the increase in interest charges on debt-transferable companies. The company, as the lead company in the air and electricity system, has a relatively complete electronics industry chain, military orders usually appear in the second half of the year’s series, and we appreciate that the company’s operations will continue to grow steadily throughout the year.
Suncan@cczq.com, currently less than a quarter of the size of the U.S. military aircraft, more than a quarter of the size of the U.S. air and power system in the future, and we're expecting a quarter of the size of the U.S. air and power system in the next decade.
The model is over $160 billion. The size of our national air and electricity system market is estimated to be nearly $200 billion over the next 20 years, and the company has been involved in civil aviation projects, such as the national production of c919 and ag600, and the newly formed air system company, or will be better equipped to take over the national civil and military air systems project, and the company will benefit from the market space for civil and military air systems.
The restructuring and mixing of the Institute of Scientific Research has been steadily advancing, and the company will benefit from the infusion of assets as a result of the restructuring of the aircraft systems company, the company ' s original hosting company, and the restructuring of five of its institutions, including thunder and PV stations, and nine companies associated with high-quality air systems.
It will accelerate the pace of the reform of our research institute, and the company will be listed as a platform for air power systems, and in the future will inject large quantities of high-quality assets into expectations. The company’s valuation is currently low and there is much room for upswing in the future.
Forge Fukuda, Fukuwa, the free-trade experiment in China.
This report is presented independently and objectively, using legally compliant information. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, it is not a client of the company that has no business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibilities.
Clients receive this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner, and keep it confidential. The report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.