(a) Continued high performance and residual repayments - performance ratings for the first quarter of 2025: company announcements, income of $4.85 billion in the first quarter of 2025, +39.2 per cent;
Revenues have increased and there is still a surplus. 25q1 income is equal to +39.2 per cent, benefiting from end-of-pipe booms and sustained expansion of the web site, while 24q4 partial repayments have been delayed to 25q1 confirming that there is still a surplus. Sub-groups, 25q1 beverages/ electrolytic beverages/other revenues are equal to each other.
Liu Xin Xinjiang's selling power drives higher incomes. Sub-channels, 25q1 distribution/heavy/online revenue, have a steady upward trend. Sub-region, 25q1 revenue from Guangdong was +21.6% per year, and out-of-provincial markets accounted for the same percentage.
The market performance in the North has been remarkable, with significant improvements in the Guangdong main camp and the Guangxi market. Cost dividends and scale effects have continued, and profitability has continued to improve. 25q1 net interest rates at the parent rate are 20.2%, 1) dividends of scale continue to be released; 2) fine management drives internal efficiency gains; 3) sugar, pet bottles and
The price of bulk raw materials, such as paper boxes, has fallen the same year. The sales cost rate is 16.7%, compared to 0.4 pcts. While companies continue to invest freezers and channel costs, fine management and channel leveraging have released a higher boost cost ratio; the management cost rate is 2.5%, compared to 0.5 pcts, benefiting from scale effects and precision management.
In the short term, the income end, considering the 25-year high pace of development of the web site and the rapid roll-out of new products, such as water and fruit tea, is expected to create a catalytic effect on the start of the boom season, with 25q2 expected to continue a high upward trend; and the cost end.
Pet/card/sugar prices remain on a downward trend and the cost dividend is expected to continue, while 25 years of special drinking and rehydration growth is expected to release a scale effect that will support further increases in net interest rates. In the long run, the power and drink industry is expected to grow continuously, companies are expected to benefit as head companies, and the platform companies are continuing to grow.
The outreach category is also expected to contribute to the growth point, and in the future, overseas market expansion is expected to open up a new growth space where firm performance is less certain and growth is rare, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
City, focus on marketing catalysts during the season.
The company's evaluation of the East Peng beverages was successful 24 years ago, and the refund was $20 billion.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Guanghi, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drink plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. This report is made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.