Events: On April 15, 2025, the company published a quarterly report from 2025, and 25q1 became operational \triangleright
The core monolith is robust, with electrolytic consumption exceeding the double digits. For the sub-products, 25q1 energy drinks \triangleright while the platform layout is accelerating, and the second curve and the new product collection continue to climb, with core products.
In addition to the continuous expansion of the Internet, the East Ponto has continued to invest in branding and the expansion of the consumer population through marketing, the single-point effort has been increasing, the number of the second-growth poles that have been refilled has risen rapidly, and the company's multiplicity of products has grown rapidly.
At the subregional level, the 25q1 Guangdong region collects $1.13 billion, or +22 per cent; at the same time, the company ' s nationalization process continues, with a total of $3.09 billion in other regions of the country except Guangdong.
Ring ratio - 891 million dollars, mainly due to the fact that the 25-year spring supply was ahead of the same period, resulting in 24q4 pre-receipt payments released with cost dividend plus scale effect driving the Māori rate upwards, well-regulated costs and continued profitability
The scale effect also contributes. The cost rate is generally flat for the period, with 25q1 company sales/management/research and development/financial cost revenue falling. Overall, 25q1 net interest rate off non-repatriate ratio +1.8 pct. High growth performance continues, with medium-term dividends increasing shareholder returns by 20%
High-consumption maintenance, company roots and layout growth track, and continued enhancement of large packaging/value-for-money competitions Assessment: a quarterly high-performance can continue to strengthen the ice-frozen approach to the war season, as the company continues to advance the nationalization process and its channel-based farming strategy, drinking and rehydrating water in East Plate
- 2024/04/24 High-growth certainty of company income during the next year driven by engines, with new products in the form of tea with large packaging fruit on the market 5. Dopium beverages (605499.sh) reported for the year 2023:
In the medium-to-long term, the company’s platform configuration will deepen, continue to enrich the product matrix, q4 q4 q4 q4 – and the nationalization strategy will continue, while actively pursuing overseas market exploration and layout, with significant growth potential.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.