• Research assistant in Xing Xing Xi Xiao Xi: the company handed over to Hong Kong on 3 April the issuing of foreign share (h) shares
The Hong Kong stock listings focus on the internationalization strategy and continue to consolidate its vanguard status. We believe that the company's landing in Hong Kong's capital market helps to connect international investors, create a transnational branding awareness for South-East Asia.
As far as overseas business progress is concerned, former companies have established subsidiaries in Indonesia and Viet Nam, and production capacity is expected to be released gradually from 2026 to 2027, looking at home-grown operations as a means of opening up medium- and long-term opportunities for overseas business growth.
• The ability to build monoliths continues to be validated, with attention to the promotion of the market during the season. The company's 2025q1 rolls out fruit-flavored tea with a packaging specification of 1l, with a retail terminal price of around $5, and continues the “one dollar” activity, with sufficient profit margin to further boost the power of the new product.
Combined with the feedback from the channel, the sale of juice tea has performed well, with a significant increase in the single-month sales ring ratio in March. 25 years have passed since the company increased the ice to an internal strategy, it is essential to build the foundation for future multi-product development, and it is more pragmatic to plan the project: 1 is based on the daily kpi of the operator (e.g. terminal site)
Indicators such as frequency of visits, customer maintenance, output of a single point on the web screens potential web sites to be configured; 2 is a practical consideration of the energy consumption of freezers to buy smart, low energy-consuming freezers, and tries to be intelligent around schools, industrial parks, city main roads, etc.
In terms of the pace of delivery, the freezer is now well placed to meet company expectations. The company's channels are strong, looking at the value of the new product as opposed to the freezer's enabler sales performance, taking into account the country's sugar and tea industry space, the rate of growth and growth of the main beverage company's tea single beverages.
Life cycle, fruit tea is expected to create a new market for cutting tea beverages, keeping an eye on the pipeline.
The share of the market for energy beverages rose from 43.0 per cent in 2023 to 47.9 per cent in 2023, and the share in the national market rose from 30.9 per cent to 34.9 per cent.
Rates and sales have risen steadily, taking into account the start of the school year in March and the warming of the weather, and adding the early start of the company's ice.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.