In February 2025, according to the official Doppelganger, a large package of fruit juice teas, "Teams of fruit" series of new doppelganger drinks (60549.sh)
The product is packaged in a single large bottle, with a recommended retail price of $5 per bottle. Horizontally, there is a wide room for sugar-bearing tea and a successful gene for the positioning of the tea.
In this case, there are a number of major test products for sugar-based tea: Master Kang's tea beverage for 24 years, approximately $21.7 billion, mainly sugar-based tea, and the farmer's springs for tea for 24 years, about $16.7 billion, of which Go Lwang-mi
Tea is an important part of the tea. The price of the fruit tea is 5-1l and the price is at the low price of the tea drink and continues to be the "one dollar enjoyment" activity; 2) the taste is very high, and the three new tastes are aimed at the most dominant taste of the Master and the teaseed: 3) the product and the existing channels and consumption groups.
Physical matching. Positioning a "real juice into tea" with three major properties that have been validated in the market, or laying the foundation for new products to be sold and repurchased at the end. Vertically, taking into account the success of the "water rehydration" exercise, the "tea of fruit" is expected to be released. East 2023
As a strategic framework for the construction of the energy beverages as the first development curve, and new areas such as electrolytic beverages, tea beverages, pre-arranged wines, coffee, etc., the pelicans have focused on the development of multi-grade matrices, moving from a single to a multi-grade complex. The electrolytic beverages introduced in 2023 have steadily developed.
The product rose rapidly, with sales earnings of $390 million in 2024, close to $1.5 billion, and an increase of 280%, becoming one of the two engines of business.
In the short term, the income end, considering that the 25-year-old delivery pace and the web-point development pace are both accelerating, is expected to turn up in the run-up to the season.
At a relative depth of 300, the downward trend is maintained and the cost-end dividend is expected to continue; at the same time, the sustained growth of 25 years of special drinking and rehydration has led to a sustained expansion of the scene, with functional beverages represented by energy drinks and sports beverages expected to continue to achieve the class.
The company’s performance is less certain and growing, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
20 billion dollars for internationalization of the proposed stock market.
Galactic Beverage, Inc., has increased its performance at a rate of q3 and has reached a peak, and has been sold as a core driver.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Liu Guanghi, Master of Economics, joined the Institute of Human Security Securities in 2020, and the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-drink plates (drinking supply chains, spices, frozen and prefabricated vegetables, soft drinks, dairy products, snacks, etc.), and is good at deepening the value of investment in the industry through historical reprogramming and comparison with overseas perspectives. This report is made available to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.