High rate of growth in water recharge and increased profitability Events: company quarterly report 2025, yielding revenues of $4,848 million, compared to +39.23 per cent; Base market continued to contract well and water recharge performed well.
To 3,901 million yuan, the income from the rehydration is +26,146 million yuan to 570 million yuan and the income from other beverages outside the rehydration is +72,62 million yuan to 375 million yuan. Under the second growth curve from the rehydration, the income from the q1 Guangdong region is +22.13 million yuan to 1,125 million yuan, and the income from the Guangxi region is equal to the income from the same amount.
+31.94 to 378 million yuan. The country’s market continues to grow better, the Chinese region continues to reap cost dividends, and profitability increases.
Profit predictions and investment proposals: The company continues to grow deep in Guangdong Province, while the distribution system and the business team are being optimized in the provinces, and we believe that the company's energy beverages are expected to grow better in the national market. Looking ahead, in 2025, we think that in the East Poon, we have a better price advantage and better access.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, growth of new products less than expected, nationalization less than expected
In Beijing, a section (b) of the Kim Dynasty A127 West Avenue, Beijing, will not be relevant, nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.