The performance has continued to rise, looking at good products and regional expansion – the East Ping Beverage (605499.sh) incident evaluation report, which was released on April 15, 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn continues to outperform performance, profits quickly released Performance overperformance, profits continuously released.
, the sales cost rate has decreased the same year after the size effect has been smoothed. The higher sales/management base of 2025q1 plus the higher bonus tax charge is paid, and the net cash flow of operations is equal to the next 2025q1 energy beverages/ electrolytic beverages/other beverages, respectively.
It's still growing fast; the new rehydration is in high volume, and in mid-February this year the 380ml small rehydration series was launched to strengthen the demand for the whole scene; and the same month, the company released the new fruit tea series 1l with a sugar tea product and a sugar-eating tea track, which continues to grow.
Volatile value advantage, expanding the product matrix.
We're looking forward to the expansion of the product category and the expansion of the sea, and we're looking at the distribution/direct camp/line collection of 2025q1, respectively, and we're going out to open up the growth space.
The same increase was 24/48 per cent; the ratio of the two areas outside (including the straight line) rose from 4 pcts to 69 per cent, while the two regions remained growing at a high base, while nationalization continued to be effective.
We see that the company continues to raise its market share on the main energy drink track, while electrolytic water continues to grow as a second-growth curve. The next growth point is that the multiplicity of products develops in synergy with overseas, based on submersion of the main product and electrolytic water discharges.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, less than expected sales of eastern pontoon, less than expected during the season, less widespread new products, higher risk of cost, less expansion overseas than anticipated
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
The plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into the wine, is a sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks plate, and it's a tasting, fast-frozen, and a real-estate wine plate in addition to an insignia.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.