The q1 has increased the number of doors open, and the platform growth path has become clearer. Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2025, q1 achieved $4.85 billion in revenue, q1 was able to keep the bulk of the single q1 drink up, and the second curve has continued to increase.
The current income increased by 39%, sales returned by $4.86 billion, compared with +18.8%, higher pre-receipt payments, q1 confirmed higher pre-receipt payments, and pre-receipt + revenue increased by 11%.
Drinking/rehydrating water/other beverages generated revenues of $3.90/5.7 per cent, an increase of 6.3 pct-7.7 per cent compared with other beverages in the same year, q1 Guangdong region earned $1.13 billion, a decrease of 3.4 pct to 23.2 per cent compared to the same year.
The expansion of nationalization has been steadily advancing, with the same scale effects of revenue per province being evident and profit levels rising steadily. In 2025, the q1 Māori ratio was equal to +1.7 pct to 44.5%, with rapid growth in sales leading to an increase in scale effects, while pet, sugar, etc.
The price of raw materials goes down, and the q1 Māori rate continues to rise. On the cost side, the year-round sales/management/finance fee < < East Peng Beverage: Successful year-rounding, with a similar annual high usage rate of -0.4/-0.5/+0.9 pt. This year, the company ' s freezer has increased its pace, and q1 is expected to increase.
Some of the freezer costs are included in the sale costs, but due to the special drinking of large singles and the second curved water-up rule < < East Poon Beverage: 10 billion years later multiplied, the platform’s motif effects increased significantly and the cost-effectiveness of the pull-up was raised effectively.
< <Tung Peng Bing: q3 performance continues to increase, national expansion accelerates > - 2024-10-30 > > - 2024-10-30 Nationalized expansion is gaining momentum, platformed layout paths are becoming clearer, global layout is growing,
q1 successfully opened the door, the second curve was refilled, and with strong growth, this year q1 pushed a new 380ml wrapper, a new refill, and further expanded the refilling scene after last year's 1l package, which is expected to continue.
At the same time, this year, the company continues to push a price-added package of 1l tea with low-sugar packages, including lemon tea, peach ullon and Xi-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji.
Looking ahead to 2025, the company has set a target of no less than 20% of its income and profits, with a country-wide high degree of certainty, a second-curve rehydration and a long period of growth, and a new, high-yielding tea product, increased coconut breeding in the catering channels, and an attempt to make a surprise in the catering channels.
At the same time, the company intends to issue stock shares to meet the international demand for q1 beverages: q1 has become more open-door and more clear on the platform growth path Business development needs to further advance the globalization strategy, which is now in place in South-East Asia.
The East Market is expected to open up long-term space in the future. The energy beverage market in South-East Asia, the first station abroad, is over 20 billion, with a larger population of younger and more manual workers. Recently, Vietnamese affiliates have been established, and new packaging products have been introduced in South-East Asia and the Middle East, and are expected to follow up positively.
Q1 beverages: q1 achieves a high threshold, and the platform growth path becomes clearer.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report