Helium stock (600346.sh)
On the evening of July 31st, the Hennesser shares disclosed a semi-annual report on the company's operating income in the first half of 2017.
The higher value-added products of companies are the most differentiated products of fertiliser fibre, the only company in the country that can produce a product of 7d specifications, and the production of products below 50d accounts for about 25% of the total production of the company.
In the first half of the year, textile and clothing exports recovered steadily, and domestic consumption growth also remained strong, with a sharp rise in the start-up rate in Jiang Zing, and stocks of the main scrubbing varieties of companies such as Fody have fallen to historically low levels. This is supported by steady growth in downstream demand and a gradual rise in the price of upstream raw materials.
Longsail markets are warming, Fody is growing by 13% on a year-on-year basis with raw materials, and the company’s performance is increasing considerably.
After this acquisition is completed, the industrial structure of listed companies will be upgraded to a full chain of aromatic hydrocarbons - pta - polyester - civil and industrial silk, with increased profitability and risk resistance.
The world's largest single-body pta plant, with a capacity of 6.6 million tonnes/year: Helium petrochemicals, a permanent-invested subsidiary, has now built and launched 6.6 million tonnes/year pta production devices on the island of Gran Changheng, providing the world's largest single-activating pta production base, accounting for about 18% of the country's real capacity.
Not less than $600 million, $800 million and $1 billion in net profits from 2017-2019. 20 million tonnes/year refining integration projects: the associated fund-raising will be used for products such as tons of gas diesel and aviation kerosene for sustained refining. 0.655 tonnes to two based on the production of 1 ton of pta
Toluene is calculated as the production of the persistently refined integration project after delivery, and the production of the persistent petrochemical pta requires the basic self-sufficiency of the dibenzene. The project is expected to be completed in the second half of 2018, with reduced demand for detergents, less progress in the construction of the refining project and less than expected in the reorganization of major assets.
Chen Yong: Master ' s degree from the Central University of Finance and Economics. From February 2000 to 2008 he was involved in market research at securities investment advisory bodies, such as Hae-cheong, and joined the Academy sales team in December 2008. Authors of the Institute ' s sales team have either a qualification or a considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.