Half-yearly reports meet expectations, and three quarters are worth it.
The net gain was 562 million yuan, an increase of 32.8 per cent in the same year; the net gain of 519 million yuan, a positive increase in the same year; the semi-annual report on , which was expected to be expected in three quarters: income and performance increases were mainly due to higher product prices, and companies sold civil silk, industrial silk, polyester slices, pbt, bopets, in the first half of 2017.
Tens of thousands of tons of civilian wire sales have remained almost equal, and industrial silk sales have increased significantly. Conficit petrochemicals suffered losses of -13 million during the reporting period, a significant decrease over the same period last year. Management costs have increased significantly by 52%, as a result of increased investment in R & D and the introduction of high-end technical talent by the Department of Public Administration during the reporting period, as well as higher R & D inputs and equal remuneration of employees.
Since mid-June, the price of the purges, especially fdy, has continued to rise, and the company’s performance in the third quarter is expected.  Proposed major asset restructuring and high pta performance after restructuring: the company issues shares
A plan for the purchase of assets and the collection of matching funds to purchase 100 per cent of the constant investment and constant refining and to raise all of the associated funds for the “several refining of 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project.” Once this reorganization has been completed, the grouping of chemical and petrochemical block assets will be put on the market as a whole.
The industry chain is integrated in depth, and the associated transactions are significantly reduced. The constant petrochemical (Dalian) is the current proposed dollar/tonne, with a net gain of 495 million dollars, with a strong elasticity of performance. Since July, pta prices have rebounded at the bottom, processing fees have recovered significantly, and restructuring pta assets is expected to meet performance commitments for the current year.
The 20 million tons refining integration project on Changheing Island is moving faster: the high rate of growth in the polyester sector in our country has generated a huge demand for dibenzene, requiring 2.07 million tons in 2016, importing 12.36 million tons, importing 56 per cent of the stock, and requiring 4.4 million tons of dibenzene for the plant itself.
The project uses a fully hydrogenated process route, boiling-bed oil plus hydrogen fission + solvent deplating heavy-oil processing technology, building on the principle of “high start, high standards, stringent requirements” and using advanced international technology packages to create green, ecological and environmentally friendly world-class refining.
Integrated plants. The project has begun to be fully installed and is progressing in the construction of seven new petrochemical bases.
The 12.9 billion yuan is also covered by tax incentives and zero-loss discounts on transport costs from pta-px integration, with a high level of confidence and expected economic benefits.
2. In-depth report on the persistence of shares: the proposed injection of petrochemical assets, the refining of the integration project and the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC) of Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., are eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.