Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Center Management improvements show results, sealing a profit reversal on schedule.
Long-Range Technology published its annual report for 2019, achieving business income of $23.560 billion in 2019, the same level as in 2018, and a net return to the mother of $8.86 million. Business income of $5.71 billion was realized in the first quarter of 2020, resulting in net profits of $134 million attributable to the parent company, and one quarter was expected to outperform the market.
Management improvements have been significant and cost rates have been significantly reduced: after the restructuring of corporate management completed in the second half of 2019, significant organizational changes have been made and management flattening has been advanced. The Shanghai headquarters functions have been strengthened, the former HQ has been removed, the former HQ has been integrated into factory or group headquarters, and the organizational structure has been streamlined.
Group headquarters functions. Under the new organizational structure, corporate management and business efficiency were enhanced, with management costs falling from 4.4 per cent in the first quarter of 2020 to 3.7 per cent, while debt swaps were used to bind large clients and strong demand increased the Māori rate: in March 2020, the company announced that it was targeting key clients.
2. " The acceleration of the integration process, the sealing of the front line towards the industry, with $830 million for expansion of productive capacity, shows a strong demand for key clients, which has increased from 11.1 per cent in 2019 to 13.1 per cent in the first quarter of the year.
With the rise in the volume of new products and the rise in the rate of good products, the profits of overseas factories will rise considerably. With the impact of the new crown epidemic, demand shifts in the second half of the year to a long-term positive trend; the new crown epidemic is now global.
Spread, the negative impact of recessionary risks on purchasing power or will be felt when the chain is pre-defined as the end of the stock, thus negatively affecting the demand for the second half of the sealing industry. But, from the three-year cycle, the trend in building and applying 5g is irresistible, pulling cellular radio frequencies, storage, and base station chips.
The demand for seals in China will benefit the company as a domestic anchor. The new crown epidemic has spread worldwide; trade friction between China and the United States has intensified; industrial capacity has expanded too fast; and the integration of Singapore’s goldbon and Zheng Jian.
Not as much as expected: power on the station/intel power state-of-the-art envelope, analysis of the rating ratio of the relevant reports in the market, and then averaged the final rating as the average market investment