The Shanghai Vegetables (stock code: 002252) incident: the company achieved operating income of $8,176 million in 2024, an increase of 2.67 per cent over the previous year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
In 2024, the billion yen, or 4.42% more, was due mainly to the demand for human blood protein from the country’s clinical endpoints.
Still larger. Silicone achieved operating income of $1.699 billion, a decrease of 5.91 per cent, mainly due to the return to balance of supply and demand in the protein market. Other blood products achieved operating income of $1,233 million, an increase of 14.09 per cent, mainly due to the elimination of human fibrous proteins and human coagulations from the 2023 health catalogue.
Health care for Song Liang is limited and the market for coagulation sub-products continues to grow faster. (2) Commission sales achieve a billion yuan, an increase of 3.49%.
In countries of origin, subsequent policy changes can reduce tariff effects through co-allocation of home-grown products with imported products, redeployment of imported products between production sites, and adjustment of procurement and supply strategies. Net home country interest rates recovered rapidly at a low base due to impairments in 2023.
Maintenance of stability, management costs, sales costs, R & D rates have increased slightly. Some 60% of the net profits from home-grown products have been recovered significantly from the low base of impairment in 2023. Sub-firms see that $3.75 billion has been generated by co-directed medicines for blood products, testing agents imports and sales.
Net profit of $366 million. gds (45%, a faster increase than in the same year) are responsible for purchasing, manufacturing and selling medical and blood testing products, mainly because of the net gain or loss on the joint venture gds and co-lois, as per the investment ratio; and 2) return on investment on the disposal of the Van Fon Oowei stock.
In March 2025, the company proposed $4.2 billion in cash to buy a 100% share of Nanwo's life, which was built at the White Sands Industrial Park in Yuzheng City.
500 tons of capacity, 278 tons of slurry in 2024, the only blood-producing company in Hunan Province, with nine single-sampling stations, eight products of three major categories, $660 million in 2023, and 96 million net profit for mothers.
As a result of this trade, Shanghai Leis will have 11 single plasma stations and one branch station in Hunan province, which will become the leader of the market for blood products in Hunan province.
1. [Galactic Medicine] company review report _ Shanghai Lace Investment proposal: The company is a leading domestic blood industry with a leading domestic slurry and blood-rich system (002252.sz): performance continues to grow and slurry innovation is high
2. Galactic Medicines, company review report _ Shanghai Lace (002252.sz): The growth of the harvest is over-expected and profits are one-off.
(002252.sz): q3 performed as expected, with the risk of slurry + slurry exchange gains; downstream demand recovered as much as expected; product sales were not as high as expected; and risks were developed at a slower pace than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.