On March 26, 2021, the company released a stock plan for a specific target group.
Not more than 5 per cent of the company ' s total equity before the launch, or 206 million shares (including this amount), and raising funds, not more than $3.65 billion, mainly for the construction of seven priority provincial capitals and the capital hospital, which will be used mainly for the construction and relocation of seven priority provincial capitals and the capital hospital.
1. In Changsha, Shanghai, Shenyang, Nanning, short-term performance pressure, expected to gradually recover throughout the year, and other priority areas that have taken root for many years, the company plans to expand the site of the old hospital and to build the hardware of the hospital.
In addition, in Hubei, Anhui, Guizhou, and other places, there is an increase in internal growth and a strong ophthalmology barrier - to better cover the growing market demand.
Through the construction of new hospitals, the company intends to speed up the construction of “one-city multi-hospitals” in the provincial capital city and gradually improve the system of “hierarchical consultations” in the same city.
Regional ophthalmology centres: The plan shows that in the process of building new hospitals and expanding their sites, a new curriculum will be introduced to enhance the academic and scientific capacity of hospitals, to serve as a scientific platform for leading hospitals, to enable hospitals in the region to further upgrade their level of operation and quality of services, and to improve the integrated distribution of “procedural studies”.
This increase is an important step forward in the company's strategic plan for the new decade: the company has been implementing a "centre city-provincial city-local city-county city-county city-county" block-link model. This increase will help the company to raise the level of primary ophthalmology to that of local and municipal hospitals and improve the regional horizontal level of care.
The system, which further enhances the efficiency of resource allocation within the region, strengthens the regional influence of companies, and provides a good basis for companies to achieve the strategic goals of the new decade. As the leader of the domestic eye chain service, the network of company hierarchies is well developed and long-term development is provided.
We expect the company ' s net return profits for 2020-2022 to be $1.768 billion, vuanwei@gizg.com.cn risk of medical accidents, the recovery of surges is not growing as much as expected, and M&A consolidation is not progressing as expected.
▪ The total amount of funds raised for this campaign to be issued to a specific audience does not exceed $3.65 billion and, after deducting the cost of the distribution, is intended to be added to the case of Chang Shaa'il, one of the first ophthalmology hospitals established by the company, which has grown from 77.74 million yuan in 2009 to 329 million yuan in 2019, with annual compound growth rates.
Income from the industry has been growing at a relatively rapid rate, with the expansion of the relocation of Chang Sha ' ail, the improvement of the patient ' s medical environment, the improvement of the capacity of Chang Sha ' ail ' s customers, the expansion of market coverage, and the use of the central urban hospital as a guide to the country ' s hospitals.
▪ Corporate fund-raising projects have good economics with an average internal return of 13.51 per cent after tax, and an average tax does not result in a change in corporate control as a result of the issuance of shares to a specific target.  At the date of the signing of this plan, the company's total equity was 4,122 million shares, with Mr. Chen holding 659 million shares directly.
▪ The number of shares issued to a specific target is not more than 5% of the total stock of the company prior to the issuance, i.e. 206 million shares (including this amount) and the total amount raised is not more than 3.65 billion yuan. If the release is assumed to be the largest amount of 206 million shares, then the El investment will be held directly on the market.
With 33.79 per cent of the company ' s shares, Chen Bong will hold 15.23 per cent of the shares directly and directly and indirectly controlled by listed companies, and 49.03 per cent of the total shareholdings in listed companies. When this issue was completed, Earl ' s investments were still held by shareholders in listed companies and Chen Bong remained in the hands of listed companies.
The company's history of fund-raising, after deducting distribution costs, is planned to invest in the construction of the Al's headquarters building, the relocation of the ophthalmology hospital, the expansion project, the acquisition of the ophthalmology hospital and the computerization project.
In October 2019, the company announced the issuance of shares and the payment of cash to purchase assets and the collection of ancillary funds, with a plan to raise up to $710 million in cash to cover the transaction.
Pays the transaction-related intermediary fees and supplements the liquidity of listed companies.