21 years of record achievement, showing a promising increase in the number of champions: on 31 March, the annual report for 2021 was published in the east of Kyoto. The company generated $21,931 billion, an increase of $1 billion, an increase of 796.4 per cent, an increase of $56.3 billion, a net increase of 65.5 per cent, for 2021q4;
1. The performance of the three-quarterly report (000725) in Kyoto: q3 performance continued to grow, mled market companies achieved 21 years of record best performance, and the industry’s leading advantage remained.
In five applications, mobile phones, flat-board computers, laptops, monitors, television, etc., the market continues to hold steady at the performance points of 2.
Review: Actual performance exceeded the ceiling, 3 billion buybacks highlighted long-term achievements, higher industry profile and corporate dominance within industry, with $21.931 billion in 21 years, and an increase of 3.00725 reported performance in Kyoto Easta.
Forecasts, performance increased in the first half of the year and lasted 14.2% in the second half of the year. Sensors and solutions and intelligent medicine workers collected 216 million yuan and 1,847 million yuan respectively, which together accounted for less than 1% of the total.
Companies continue to optimize their product structure, with high Māori innovation in a context of high panel demand. The company’s 21-year Māori innovation rate is 28.87%, an increase of 9.15 pcts over 20 years.
In response, the prices of the products rose to varying degrees, with the 21-year peak prices rebounding by 50/175% compared to the prices of the end of the 20th century. At the same time, the Division continued to optimize the product structure: the ratio of customized and higher-value item panels in the 21-year lcd product
Top (over 40%), tv and cellular panels are relatively low, high-end products are significantly higher, corporate Māori is the first time that R & D investment is out of 10 billion and soft-led and mled continues to be spent. Twenty-one years of research cost $10.67 billion, an increase of 39.7%, has been ranked Top 10 in six consecutive years.
Kyodong has been investing in technological innovations like bdcell, mled backlight + display, folding oed screens and ltop integration development, laying the foundation for the expansion of corporate boundaries. In 21 of these, the flexible oed city was the country’s first and second largest in the world, and in December 21 it was the first to break millions of single-month shipments.
In the future, soft-led spending will raise corporate profitability. Mled is an important part of the company’s “1+4+n” development strategy, and is expected to generate more profits for the company in the future.
\triangleright panel prices are approaching the bottom and are expected to stabilize. At the supply end: According to dscc data, three stars show that the lcd panel production will be completely terminated by June 2022. On the one hand, it will be facilitated in the short term.
The price of the television panel is stable; on the other hand, the Korean plant will be phased out, and the economy of the mainland, led by the east of Kyoto, will be able to increase further (82 per cent of the continent ' s tv panels in 22 years, 76 per cent of the ccd panels, 40/71/108 per cent of the inch panels, 0/1/2 dollars of the ring and tv of the medium size)
According to dsc, 22 years of sales of the oldtv panel will be more than 10 million, plus multiple terminal scenes such as vr/ar and the vehicle, and panel demand is expected to rise back. In the long run, as industry concentration increases, cyclicality will diminish, and the industry’s leader, Tokyo East, will be more promising.
The \triangleright board shows a leading position in the field, with a further increase in the company's market position and a gradual profit from the product of amoled and mled, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Quarterly revenue and net gains in Kyoto Orientala Figure 2: Quarterly profit rates in Kyoto Orientala Figure 3: Quarterly cost rates in Kyoto Orientala
Figure 4: Quarterly R & D costs in Kyoto Orientala Figure 5: Operating cash flows in Kyoto Orientala Figure 7: Accounts receivable and working days in Kyoto Orientala
Figure 8: Kyoto Easterna inventory and swing days Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.