In the first half of 2024, Xinhua Insurance achieved operating income of $55,590 million, continuously promoting the transformation of products, channels, business structures, and significant improvements in business quality.
By mid-year, the value of the company ' s new business had surpassed the level of the previous two years, with 57.7 per cent growth compared to the previous year, and the quality and profitability of the business had increased significantly. The company ' s value was 7.1 per cent higher compared to the previous year.
To promote the development of long-term insurance, the first annual premium for long-term insurance was $8.49 billion, an increase of 1.8 per cent, and the first annual premium for medium- and long-term insurance was $8.26 billion, an increase of 4.1 per cent.
In the middle of the year, the combined monthly output per capita of 10,400 yuan was increased by 28.3 per cent in the first half of the year, with channel nbv at 2.78 billion yuan, an increase of 39.5 per cent in the same year. Silver insurance enriched the supply of products and optimized the channel structure.
The impact of factors such as the slowdown in the premium rate of the company's silver insurance operations and the channel's realization of the original premium revenue of $10 billion, a 60.8 per cent decline compared to the previous period, is that during the restructuring of the industry, the value of the company's deep-farming channels has developed, the company's high- and middle-end clients have been strengthened, and the product system, which is dominated by traditional insurance, has developed and has taken advantage of the channel itself.
To achieve medium- and long-term value growth. By the end of June, the silver insurance channel would have achieved the first annual premium ratio for long-term insurance -- billions of yuan, and the business quality would continue to improve. Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) -- Channel shift, long-term vision -- 2024-03-28
In 2024, the company insisted on a dynamic, Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - investment returns that stagnated short-term performance, led to a long-term focus, adjusted asset allocation and trading opportunities of all types, managed structural opportunities such as equities, bonds, and total investment returns.
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - doubled per capita capacity, focused on long-term transformation - significantly improved levels.
Investment proposals: Companies continue to move forward with the value transformation of the end-of-the-debts and the business value ratio has increased significantly. Moreover, the relatively high size of the company’s equity allocation has led to better stock elasticity, and we maintain the previous profit figure 1: Xinhua Insurance operating income and speed of growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Figure 2: Xinhua Insurance's net profit and acceleration (in billions of yuan, per cent) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party, through reasonable judgement and conclusion; the author has not studied, is or is not in the future