On October 31, 2025, stock payments affected the net profits of the current period, and the long-term growth trend remained unchanged.
– With the 25-year three-quarterly performance assessment of technology, the growth of the company’s interconnectivity chip business has slowed, largely because of the supply of individual components rather than demand, and the company is expected to improve significantly between the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year.
The company's ddr5 memory interface chip output continues its continuous iterative trend. The third sub-dec.rcd chip sales revenue has exceeded the second-generation product, while the fourth-dec.rc.d. chip starts on a scale that leads to a further increase in the company's interface chip Māori ratio. This trend is expected in q4.
On the ai transport chip, the second generation of mrcd/mdb over $140 million in hand orders over the next six months, and market demand is opening up gradually. On cxl/mxc, a sample test has been started on the cxl.33.1 memory extension controller (mxc) chip, which is 26 years old.
On retimer, we measure the company’s share of the market at about 13%.
Certification phase. Retimer's overall market size is expected to reach RMB 5.5 billion next year, and the company's department reports: ddr5 penetration increases profitability, pcierettimer releases a larger margin of growth.
Three-quarter share payments due to stock price fluctuations amounted to $353 million, resulting in overall management this year.
Upward risk: accelerated ddr5 penetration; accelerated delivery of transport chip; accelerated aipc penetration; downside risk: less than expected ddr5 penetration; slower progress on transport chip; other systemic risk figure 1: company quarterly harvests and accelerations (millions)
Figure 2: Company single-quarter net profit return and rate of increase (millions of dollars)
Figure 5: Company inventories and swing days (millions of yuan per day) Figure 6: Accelerated ddr5 penetration rate of company operations
Accelerating aipc penetration rate, ddr5 penetration rate, less than expected.
Other systemic risks: Sino-American trade frictions, border political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a consistent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.