Quarterly income innovation and a steady rise in the Māori rate have contributed to technology (stock code: 688008) Corporate announcement: In the first three quarters of 2025, companies achieved revenues of $4.05 billion, an increase of 57.83 per cent over the previous three quarters;
The net return to the mother was 1,632 million yuan, an increase of 66.89 per cent over the previous year, and the net profit to the bottom was 67.93 per cent over the same period. Of that amount, 2,524 million yuan, representing a single-season increase; 473 million yuan, a year-on-year increase, benefited from a strong increase in demand and a quarterly increase in income. Companies benefited from the first three quarters of 2025.
One-driven ddr5 memory interface chip demand erupted, with $3.832 billion in income from the sale of interconnected chip lines, an increase of 61.21 per cent in the same year, and a rise in the single quarter of Māori ratio of 25q3 to 64.83 per cent in the same quarter, an increase of 248 pt in the same year. Quarterly performance showed that interconnected chip lines generated revenue of $1,371 million, an increase of 61.59 per cent in the same year.
s grew by 3.78%. By the first half of 2025, the company's ddr5 third generation of rcd chip sales earned for the first time over the Prince Road.
The second generation, the fourth generation of the rcd chip (rcd04) has reached its scale, with the highest data transmission rate of 7200 mt/s, supporting the next generation of server platforms. Research and development continues, new items accelerate layouts. From the new product layout, the company cxl.3.1 mxc chip
Sample tests have been sent to key clients to support the cxl.mem and cxl.io protocols, which are geared towards the need for centralization of data centres, and are expected to be a new growth point in 2026. The clock buffer and the amplifier products enter the client sample section to cover high-speed communications, storage and industrial control.
In spite of a slight decrease of 3.46% in R & D investment over the same year, the rate of R & D fees dropped from 21.48% to 13.14% due to the rapid expansion of revenue, with significant scale effects, corporate product structure optimization and cost control increasing. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road: Master of Science in Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, and Bachelor of Economics, University of Shandong. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020, mainly in the science and technology industry.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.