Ddr5 upgrades, with new products showing successive investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) Business income of $4.058 billion achieved in the first three quarters, an increase of 57.83 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to the parent
1,632 million yuan, an increase of 66.89 per cent over the same period; net profit from non-repatriation of 1,467 million yuan, an increase in the ratio of ddr5 to upgrade, with new products showing a pattern of firm prices relative to depth of 300 per cent.
The company ' s net profit from the elimination of shares in 3q25 was $811 million, and the company ' s revenue from the sale of the 3q25 interconnected chip line was $1,371 million, an increase of 61.59 per cent, an increase of 3.78 per cent, and the ring line was 65.69 per cent, an increase of 65.69 per cent.
An increase of 1.48 percentage points. Corporate operating income, income from the sale of interconnected chip product lines, net profits attributable to the parent owner after elimination of share payments, etc., are at an all-time high.
In terms of the main product lines, the ddr5 memory interface chip has continued to overlap, and the company continues to be a leader in the industry, where the revenue from the sale of the dddr5 third generation of the rcd chip for the first time exceeded the second.
Sub-products, ddr5, fourth-generation rcd chip, are starting to scale out. In the new product area: 1) The company has introduced cxl3.1 memory extension (mxc) chip and has started to send samples to major customers.
The mxc chip, using cxl memory pool technology, can help data centre users achieve flexible allocation and efficient use of memory resources, thereby reducing the overall cost of ownership (tco). 2) Under the corporate flag, the clock buffer and the extended frequency oscillator products are officially entering the client sample stage.
Based on the core strengths of high performance, low power consumption and ease of use, the film will provide precision and reliable clock signal support for high-speed communications, storage, labour, leading ddr5 upgrades in key areas such as control in the subserves industry.) As of 2025.
On 27 October, the company expected to deliver the ddr5 second generation 2. The power chip continued to grow over the next six months, and the mrcd/mdb chip was worth more than RMB 140 million in hand orders.
3. Benefiting from the trend in the one industry, the persistence of the transport chip, the company ' s short-term exposure to abnormally high incentive costs, we adjusted our performance projections for 2025 and the speed of the server/pccpu overlap; the ddr5 penetration rate was not as high as expected; the new technology should be.
Using legally compliant information, the data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively from open information on the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and advice contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.