Vers (603501) E-annual reports are on track and product lines are progressing well.
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of 3,964 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 65 per cent in the same year; achieved a return net profit of 139 million yuan, an increase of 1.2 per cent in the same year; the management costs were reduced to the same proportion, and the net profit met expectations.
The impact of the equity incentive scheme’s amortization costs in 2018, with net profits of $346 million attributable to the shareholders of listed companies netting off non-recurrent gains and losses, in line with previous market expectations of about $350 million net profits. This represents an increase of 65.07 per cent, with semiconductor R & D investment in the company’s semiconductor design business in 2016-2018.
The share of income from sales in operations reached 9.58 per cent, 14.04 per cent and 15.24 per cent, respectively, and continued to grow for three consecutive years, with 240, 289 and 339 models, respectively. The semiconductor design business deepened the layout. In 2018, the company semiconductor design business generated $831 million.
In the area of tvs, where the company has the most advantage, the development of new products and new coatings has created a significant challenge for front-line electronics (semtech) abroad. In the area of mosfet products, lithium batteries have been developed to protect the mosfet products by filling domestic gaps and further establishing import substitution advantages. In the field of radio-frequency chips,
After two years of experimenting with combing and upgrading their products, rfswitch and lte lna products have been marketed.
• Semiconductor distribution customers continue to make breakthroughs. Corporate semiconductor distribution generated revenues of $3.28 billion in 2018. During the first half of 2018, companies seized the time of market scarcity and actively expanded the market coverage of their customers, with clear breakthroughs in such markets as industrial equipment and security electronics.
• Profit forecasting and rating. Without considering the acquisition, and taking into account the equity incentive in the overhead costs.
The semiconductor design firm of Heath maintains the “buy-in” rating, assuming that: the company distribution business is essentially maintained at the current sales volume according to the company's strategic plan, when the industry is relatively short
In the case of goods, the Māori rate is around 20 per cent, while when the industry is more stable, the Māori rate is around 15 per cent, assuming that the supply and demand relationship in the industry will gradually ease over the next three years, and that the Māori rate will gradually move to a reasonable level.
Sensors, high-resolution decodes soc. The split device currently has the country’s first share, with an increase in sales of 10% per year, and the higher growth in future industries is mainly due to simulations of ic, radio frequency and microsensors, which are expected to grow by 40-50% per year due to the accumulation of customers over the past two years, with a gradual increase in the city’s share.
With a long-standing and stable partnership with cost-control advantages, the Māori rate can remain essentially around 33%. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.