Recently, Weir's shares announced their intention to purchase shares from Schoshing Weihouse, Beijing Howie, Spico, and others.
The reorganization of assets was approved, and the cis-led business is ready for distribution. Once the company intends to issue shares to Xiao Xing Weihowo, etc., the company will be the leading company in the field of cis, and its performance is expected to increase significantly.
Howell's 48m and 32m products have been rolled out successively, contributing to the growth of performance in the years ahead. In recent days, Howie has pushed 32m, 48m image sensor chips ov32a and ov48b. Of these, ov32a has an advanced four-pixel colour filter design with a pixel size of 0.8 micrometers and its optimization.
The lower tube footing design reduces the horizontal size of the module, mainly for high-end smartphone pre-camera camera applications. The target market of ov48b is a common sensor for smartphone back-to-screen cameras, including the main camera, wide-angle camera and long-corrusted camera.
The introduction and upscaling of new products such as 48m and 32m will provide a technological basis for companies to follow up on the introduction of new and higher pixels, and will also boost Howe’s overall Māori ratio and contribute to next year’s performance growth.
Since the beginning of the year, Howie has introduced a large number of products in the area of automobiles, and with the opening of the Asia-Pacific market, the vehicle is expected to grow faster, using the market price as of 21 June 2019.
With a significant advantage in the field of security surveillance, the subsequent introduction of new products is expected to boost security markets. Given the decline in sales of smartphones, etc., and the need for passive components, we have to adjust to the public.
After the acquisition, the company will become the third largest cis firm in the world, and we will maintain an “uptake” rating. The new product of the image sensor will not produce as much as expected, and asset restructuring will not move as fast as expected.
Wang Da-ting.