Veer shares (603501) Electronics milestone product: 48 m South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incident: On June 17, Howie Technology announced the first launch of an image sensor of 48 million pixels of 0.8 μm, expected to produce q4 in 2019. 48 m products are significant, and companies are officially entering the mobile phone main camera market.
Each is a high-pixel configuration, usually a sub-mersible camera and a side camera. The two cameras have a very large difference in pixels and prices. Sony's three stacks of major cameras are now worth around $10. The annual mobile host camera configuration will be 48 m, and the company will be the first to launch the product and take over the market for the future.
Before the launch of the 48-m product, HoweTech had successfully launched the 0.8-metre-m 32-m product on June 11, and could expect the public to show up on the 64-m product next year.
The total unit price of the product is around $1, and we expect the company to have 48m at $4-6 and 32m at 2-3. In the future, when the product is delivered to the customer, it can significantly raise the overall Māori ratio of the company.
In 2018, Haowey in Beijing ranked second in the world in the share of car-borne cameras in the market, with the main competitor being the aptina in Ansame semiconductor, whose market share was 40-50 per cent based on the volume of shipments, with the main areas of advantage being in the Asia-Pacific market, particularly Japan.
For a long time, the Beijing Howe Car-car camera has been used mainly for Euro-American car brands, and in the future, Beijing Howe will be very active in developing Asia-Pacific markets and increasing the penetration of products in the Japanese-owned and Chinese-owned car markets.
Indicators such as noise ratios are better than competitors in the same industry. As numbers are better developed, demand for star-light products is increasing, and companies with technological advantages will gradually increase their product-market share among large clients.
Weller shares (603501): The annual report meets expectations, and the company's acquisition of Howie technology has led to a gradual increase in the city's occupancy rate, which is expected to be followed in the next five years by China's semiconductor design firm, which maintains a “buy-in” rating.
2. Weir shares (603501): Designed for distribution with two wings, cis Blue Sea Dragons (2019-0303) have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for their specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.