Veer stock (603501), new product of anti-image sensors, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: On June 25, HowieTech launched an Os04a10 image sensor of 2.9 μm. 940 nm near-infrared technology has a better shot. nyxelnir technology has enabled Os04a10 to have a very over-the-counter quantum efficiency (qe), 60% at 850 nm, 40% at 940 nm, compared to none.
Technology sensors are three to five times higher. This wonderful qe can use low-power infrared lighting in a completely dark environment, thus reducing system power by about three times. In a dark indoor environment, people can't see 940 nm near infrared light, while 850 nm is ideal for outdoor security cameras.
Sensor performance is two to three times higher, less functional and more efficient. Os04a1 is two to three times higher than that of the main competitor's sensor. This means that os04a10 can help security camera designers reduce infrared lighting in dark conditions in the same environment and in the same picture range.
It's two to four times lower than a competitor. It's smaller in size, lower in power, and more flexible. The image sensor uses a very small wrapping package containing 2.9 microns of big pixels.
Arrays and processing functions are divided into two layers to achieve additional functions with smaller chip sizes. Purecel-s techniques can also reduce power consumption and bring greater design flexibility to smaller camera modules. Best hdr function in industry. os04a10 can record 4mp while achieving the lowest snr 1 in industry.
Videos and images of 1080p. In addition, the double-diversion gain technology of Omnivision can provide the best ull and hdr performance in the industry, with a flexible mix of image signal processors. The three staggers of the product can also minimize motion prostheses and achieve 120db hdr.
As the numbers are high, Weir shares (603501): M & A purchase of luxury technology.
2019-06-24) Profit forecasting and rating. Without considering acquisitions, and taking into account equity incentives in administrative costs
After the company acquired Howie Technologies, the city’s share rose gradually, and it is hoped that in the next five years the harvest will be followed only by China’s Heath semiconductor design firm, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for no reason, no reason, nor for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.