Weir shares (6035001), electronics, M & A of Howe Technology, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incidents: On June 22, the stock of Will received an official approval from the CSRC for the acquisition and acquisition of luxury technology. Billions of shares, at a price of $33.88, were accompanied by the collection of $2 billion and the issuance of $91 million. Howie is worth hundreds of millions.
The launch of the latest 48 million pixel product, ov48b, was launched on June 17. The successful launch of this product means that the company is officially entering the vast blue sea market with its main military camera, which now covers mainly the 3-5 prototype of the main camera, according to a letter from the official.
With high-pixel products continuing to function and strong company performance growing at a high rate. As the product launched is ov48b of 0.8 μm, the company is expected to move in the direction of 0.7 μm according to the product development route, on the pixel side.
It will also move forward to 64 million pixels to catch up with the pace of Samsung's launch, while taking a step with Sony to close-distance motor power, with the Asia-Pacific North American market being fully deployed. The company was the leading car in Europe and America.
The firm’s share is higher. The firm’s strong entry into Japan’s car market began in 2018, and, because Japanese car companies have a shorter certification cycle than Europe and America, it is expected to outperform the current aptina market in Asia and the Pacific in 2021, and the US market will continue to thrive.
The company’s NighthawnxelTM near-infrared technology is ahead of industry, and indicators such as product noise ratios are better than those of competitors. As the numbers are high, demand for star-light products is increasing, and companies with technological advantages will take advantage of product markets among large customers.
Profit forecasting and rating. Without considering the acquisition, and taking into account the incentive of equity in management costs, the share of the company in Howe-Tech has gradually increased, and it is expected that the collection in the next five years will be second only to the domestic share of Weir (603501): milestone product 48m
Hua is Heath's semiconductor design firm, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. (2019-06-17) Wehr shares (603501): annual reports meet expectations,
All product lines are well under way (2019-04-02) 3. Veer shares (603501): design distribution exhibition with two wings, cis Blue Sea Dragons (2019-03-03)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.