• In January 2020, the company achieved 3.335,000 square metres of contract sales, an increase of 5.0 per cent, and 54.91 billion yuan, an increase of 12.3 per cent.
In January 2020, the company achieved 3.3335 million contract sales, and the impact of the epidemic resulted in a double-digit increase in the company’s single-month sales. According to the best 100 housing companies published by the cric, the sales volume of the top 100 houses decreased by 12.7% in January.
In January, Vanko acquired six new projects in Shanghai, South China, Taihara, Chongqing, Urumqi, and Chengzhou, all of which are development-type properties.
Projects. The amount of land taken by the company during the month amounted to 700,000 square metres, a 75 per cent decrease in the same year; the amount of land taken amounted to 3.8 billion yuan, a 69 per cent decrease in the same year, representing 7 per cent of the amount sold in the current period, and the amount of land sold in the same month.
▪ Investment proposal: Vanko, as the leader of the industry, insists on the “Three Urban Circles + Key Cities in the Mid-West” urban layout, which continues to expand and increase in sales. At the same time, Vanko has been involved in logistics, property management, long-term rental apartments, commercial property, etc.
The outlook is now maturing. The company is expected to have an eps of 3.66, 1, and Huankoa (100002): overall business policy, etc.; changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); and business operations.
Risks (personnel changes, construction, land grabs, etc.); risk of exchange rate fluctuations; less than expected monetization of sheds; slightly more than expected performance, proportional return of land entitlements; robustness, diversity, overperformance)
Figure 1: Occidentalized area of sales (km2) and speed of increase: 0.000 cumulative amount of sales (millions of yuan) and speed of increase
Figure 3: Monthly amount of land per month as a proportion of sales Figure 4: Cumulative average value of land ($/pm) East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board