The company plans to build 10 gw per year of investments in the Fertilizer High Technology Industry Development Area and the Chengdu Two-Trip Economic Development Area in the Western Port of China, for a total of 20gw.
The project for the production of high-efficiency crystalline silicone batteries, mainly for the production, development and sale of high-efficiency silicone batteries, is expected to cost a total investment of RMB 12 billion, of which fixed-asset investment of RMB 10 billion and liquidity of RMB 2 billion.
The cost of a company ' s crystal silicon cell is ahead of its counterparts, relying on technological edges and excellent cost controls: the cost of a company ' s crystal silicon cell is currently within three cents, and the cost of a domestic competitor ' s nonsilicon is about five cents as it continues to decline. Because of lower costs, companies still achieve around 20% of the Māori rate in the least profitable battery chain and in the case of a competitor ' s modest profit or loss, which is a strong indication of the cost advantage of the company.
So far, the company has developed 5.4gw high-efficiency silicon cell capacity and is building 4.3gw with additional capacity, crowding in the first echelon. This project is going to be completed after delivery, and the company's high-efficiency silicone cell capacity will reach 30gw, making it the world's largest crystal silicone cell producer.
Large capacity planning, very low cost advantages, will deter other firms from expanding battery production, and the company’s leadership will be strengthened. The crystal-silicon cell business will be a major driver of performance growth next year.
Based on the progress of battery production, the company ' s battery production/production will reach 5.4gw/4gw, 10gw/8gw, respectively, in the next two years. Since the battery is the least profitable link in all of the current photovoltaic stages, and most of the businesses have made small gains or losses, there is no room for declining profit levels. We predict that next year ' s battery portfolio contribution will double the company ' s profits.
The low-cost advantage of multi-crystal silicon is even more evident and is expected to be the largest multi-crystal silicon manufacturing enterprise in the world, and is currently falling to 57,000 yuan/tons of polycrystal silicon for the company’s subsidiaries, which is expected to fall to less than 50,000 with Sichuan and the head project coming into operation, far below the competitor. Even if the multi-crysilica price is reduced to 80-90 million yuan/tons in the future, companies will still be able to make significant profits.
By the end of this year, the company had created 20,000 tons of multi-crystal silicon capacity, which will be released in 2019, which will result in a significant boost to the company’s performance.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions