The company announced on the evening of October 23: 19.613 billion yuan in operating income in January-September 2017, a year-on-year increase.
Long by 24.95 per cent; non-net profit from parent deductions of $1,483 million, an increase of 164.9 per cent over the same period; three quarters of which earned operating income, one-quarter revenue close to the first half of the year, with a high Māori rate \triangleright
During the reporting period, the company continued to adhere to its business-oriented approach of “focusing on, putting in place, operating efficiently” and optimized its feed industry by two “structural adjustments”. Business income of $19.613 billion was achieved in January-September, an increase of 24.95 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year; The non-net profit of $1.483 billion, an increase of 164.9 per cent over the previous three quarters of the company, was 18.74 per cent.
In the second half of the year, despite a slight decline, it is still at an all-time high, and the new production capacity continues to grow, the production pressure is reduced, the multi-crystal silicon business plate is upgraded through technological adaptation, and the multi-crystal silicon capacity is raised from 15,000 tons/year to 20,000 tons/year.
Compared to the trend of depth 300/year, production costs are further reduced at the same time as capacity increases. Solar cell blocks, in addition to the 1gw high-efficiency single crystal battery capacity released at the beginning of the year, add 2gw high-efficiency single crystal battery capacity in the third quarter of this year.
Formerly, the company had produced 5.4gw solar cell capacity, with non-silicon costs clearly higher than industry averages, and continued to decrease, with a further increase in profitability expected. Agricultural plates, with companies continuously increasing the share of special feed and high-end products such as inflated feed in aquatic feed, benefited.
The gradual warming of downstream aquaculture and the optimization of the structure of company feed products, and the two-wheel-drive development of company feed operations, “Fightlight One”, are expected to sustain high performance throughout the year \triangleright
The company's original “fish as one” model of power generation has improved the traditional “fish as one” model. The project, supported by photovoltaic-based aquaculture, has created innovative models of high-power generation and sub-fish farming. The company has expanded the new “fish as one” model by transferring the stock of end-housers accumulated in the feed masters, leading to the company's photovoltaic production.
With the production of 25,000 tons of high-purity silicon and associated new energy projects and the 2gw high-efficiency single-crystal battery project in Chengdu II, the scale effect will be further demonstrated, and the company’s photovoltaic operation costs are expected to decrease further.
During the boom period, the two major industries integrated and synergized, and their performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year. Thirdly, profit forecasts and investment proposals, companies that are domestic water feed and photovoltaic fittings, are expected to continue to benefit from higher prices for water products and photovoltaics.
(8610) 85127665 The prices of water products continue to decline and the number of photovoltaic machines is not as high as expected.
Chen Baidu, M.A. in Technology Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies.
Wang Ling, Research Assistant in the Agroforestry and Livestock Industry, and Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics. Five years of experience in large-scale asset management companies, joined civil securities in 2017.