Tomway shares (600438) Agroforestry and Livestock Fisheries Large-Step-Employed Battery, Silicon Battery Twin Dragons, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued an announcement that the company ' s subsidiary solar power was to sign an investment agreement with the compost high technology development area, the management committee and the People ' s Government of the semi-urban areas. The investment was to build an annual output of 10gw, a 20gw high-efficiency silicon cell production project, with an estimated total investment of 12 billion yuan for the two projects.
Of this amount, fixed assets are invested in $10 billion and liquid funds of $2 billion, which are expected to be launched in November 17, and are expected to match silicon chain capacity at a large step-by-step cell: this 20gw high-efficiency crystalline cell production project is intended to be a high-efficiency single crystal cell production line. So far, the company has produced 5.4gw high-efficiency silicon cell capacity.
In the construction of 4.3gw, this new investment of 20gw will bring the company ' s battery production capacity to 30gw, with a roughly one-to-one correspondence with the company ' s 120,000 tons of silicon material, resulting in a clear cost advantage for both silicon and cellular components: the company ' s lean management, cost control capabilities and connectivity.
The strategy of “research first, then invest” has gained a very strong “septic advantage.” Polycrystal silicon is now fully costed at around $60,000 per ton, with 41% of polycrysil in 16 years well above the industry average, through technological changes and a profound understanding of cold hydrogenization, distillation and reduction processes.
The cost of silicon is already in the region of 0.2 to 0.3 yuan/w, well below the industry average. The asset liability rate is 47.4 per cent, a low level in the photovoltaic industry, which establishes a better financial basis for company follow-up financing.
Three quarters of operating cash flows from companies amount to $1.66 billion, and this was achieved in the light of a tight overall cash flow from the photovoltaic industry, reflecting the company's stronger bargaining power up and down, and a higher industrial chain finance: (2) sizeable operating cash flows: (3) equity participation strategies with upstream and downstream enterprises
Co-operation; (4) equity financing. Battery chain concentration to be increased, company post-empowerment advantage: 16 years of photovoltaic “silicon-silicon-cellular-assemblies-assemblies” at the centre of the four-point chain, approximately 15.5 gw (medium energy) and 17.3gw (security) respectively
LiA, 5.5gw (Crystal Australia), 6.7gw (Crystal Energy), the concentration of visible battery fragments is the lowest and the battery chain has an absolute effect on the conversion efficiency of photovoltaic components, so the technology development and technological processes of the battery chain are particularly important, with the company's battery technology team coming mainly from Modi, New Sunlight.
We look at the company’s layout at this point. Profit predictions and investment proposals.
The company ' s silicon and battery film production capabilities continue to expand, with swords pointing to silicon and battery blades and giving company shares in 2018 1. Tungwee (60438): excellent performance, Sword has never been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for by the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.