The company benefited from the rise in oil prices, its seven-year best performance in 2021 \triangleright benefited from the rise in oil prices, and its profits from oil and gas sales increased significantly.
The average price of \triangleright Brent crude oil was $70.94 per barrel, an increase of $27.73 per barrel over the same year, an increase of 64.17 per cent over the same year, and the average price of wti crude oil was $68.10 per barrel over the same year, an increase of $28.63 per barrel over the same year.
72.52%. Assuming that the company’s oil and gas costs and costs remain the same, based on a crude oil production of 922 million barrels in 2020, the company’s profits from oil and gas sales grew by about $26 billion, or 16.7 billion yuan left, looking forward to the future, and seeing the oil price rise continue to raise performance.
\triangleright short-term, according to eea, US crude oil stocks fell by 4.55 million barrels by the week of 7 January, followed by seven weeks, supporting upward oil prices; and, in the long run, global upstream investment in hydrocarbons and the epidemic declined.
Driven by the gradual recovery of the economies of the countries under control, we believe that the crude oil price hub in 2022 is expected to continue to rise, thereby boosting the profitability of company exploration and production and oil and gas sales. The refining and chemical industries, we believe, are expected to continue to recover from the global demand for finished oil markets, especially aviation coal, as the epidemic is under control.
Oil demand, driven by the recovery of the global aviation industry, is expected to contribute to most of the increase in demand for finished oils in 2022, with low or increasing oil prices, leading to the growth of refining and chemical industries. Natural gas and pipeline operations, companies will have major oil and gas pipelines, some reservoirs, ng, in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
1. China Oil (601857): Revenues have grown steadily, and related assets, such as net profit collection stations and bottom oil and gas, have been sold to the State Network Group, which includes the shareholding of the company, to obtain the shareholding of the State Network Group and the corresponding cash exchange; the company is expected to optimize its marketing structure through the transfer of assets.
New energy sources are available to actively promote energy transformation. The company integrated “green low carbon” into one of its five major strategies in 2021, with a total capacity for new energy development of close to 7 million tons of standard coal/year, and new energy sources in 21
Development and utilization of 3.5 million tons of standard coal/years of total capacity, with rapid growth. Of these, 240,000 kilowatts of photovoltaic power generation projects were completed, 4 tons of hydrogen-purification capacity per day were built and 8 hydrogen-filled stations were constructed; wind-spill power generation resources and the indicator 1.2 million kilowatts of Internet access provided the basis for subsequent scale development. The company’s green low-carbon transformation route was cleared.
Clarity, strong resource endowments, and promising future development in the new energy sector are expected to lead to higher valuations for companies. As corporate profitability rises and the new energy field is configured, valuations are expected to be repaired and “recommended” ratings maintained.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.