Recovering growth in sales, investment in the core city of Paulie Development (600048.sh) 10 October 2022
• Investment in high-level cities with sustained business capacity
To improve the policy of easing, we believe that the pace of growth in the industry is expected to improve in the fourth quarter. The company, as a champion of good management, has been deep-ploughing its core urban complex for many years, with a greater advantage in future industrial competition. We maintain the profit scenario, with the forecast of a return to net profit for the period 2022-2024.
• Monthly sales increased by the same amount, with sales falling by the same amount. In September 2022, the company achieved 2.2701 million square metres, a decrease of 8.30 per cent in the same year.
• Maintenance of a higher degree of intensity, with the project layout dominated by long-triangular core cities, where 40% of the company's land was sold in September, and where it remained strong.
9 new projects in Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Suzhou and Fertilizer cities, corresponding to a total volume of 77.6 million; 15.378 million yuan in total land offerings, representing an increase of 36.65 per cent and a decrease of 17.52 per cent in the ring comparison; 77.541 million more land area, corresponding to a total land price of 12,49.39 million yuan and an equity land value of 79,234 million yuan
High-level cities will continue to deliver on the future performance of support companies.Cases will remain stable, investments will be made to high-level cities with monthly sales increasing by the same amount, and sales will decline by the same amount.
In the context of market segmentation, high-energy urban projects with stronger fundamentals are more certain and more contributing to sales. Maintaining high land intensity, the project layout is dominated by long-triangular core cities
In September, the company took 40% of the land, and remained strong. In September, the company added nine new projects in Shanghai, Nanjing, Hangzhou, Suzhou, and Fatty cities, corresponding to a total volume of 77.6 million; the total land exchange was $15.378 billion, an increase of 36.65%, a decline of 17.52%; and the land of interest.
The company ' s future performance continued to be positive. Figure 8: Development of Paulie remained at a certain intensity in September. Figure 7: Growth of Paulie ' s cumulative amount of land in January-September decreased by 22.46 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
At the end of September, the multi-sectoral response to the immediate need for and improvement of the corresponding easing policy was, in our view, promising a steady pace of growth in the industry in the fourth quarter. As a leader in good business management, the company has been deep-ploughing its core urban complex for many years, and has a strong advantage in future industrial competition. We maintain the profit projections, which are expected to be stable for 2022-2024.
Industry recovery has fallen short of expectations, policy easing has fallen short of expectations, and corporate sales have resumed short of expectations.