In January-September, the company achieved an operating income of $176.02 billion, an increase of 50.3 per cent over the previous half year, continuing the higher rate of growth in the first half of the year.
The high rate of growth was mainly driven by the double driving of the clearing area and the average settlement price. The company settled 12.806 million square metres in January-September, an increase of 32.5 per cent over the previous year, and the settlement area increased further in the first half of the year. At the same time, the settlement average price was $13.084 per square metre, owing to an increase in financial cost rates and an increase in asset impairment losses.
Of this, the financial cost rate increased by 1.5 percentage points due to the lower capitalization rate of interest expenditure and the increase in the size of the financing. In January-September, the Eastern Department of Finance and Sages lost $3.25 billion in asset impairment, almost all of which came from stock-counting preparedness. On the basis of income tax rates, the inventory fell in January-September.
On the one hand, the readiness for price falls demonstrates a firm’s cautious judgment about the future, and on the other hand, if future markets are better than companies’ judgement, the company’s performance will be more flexible and more likely than expected.
\triangleright has increased the amount of unsold resources. At the end of the reporting period, the company sold 3,849 million square metres of unsold space, an increase of 29.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. The outstanding amount sold was approximately $552.4 billion, an increase of 33.3 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
There was a slight increase in the pace of net indebtedness, with the company building an additional 3,583,000 square metres of land in January-September, representing an overall equity share of 54.1 per cent.
The ratio of area to area of sale has risen over the first half of the year, indicating a certain increase in the company’s pace of taking land. We believe that the rise in the net corporate debt ratio shows that companies have accelerated their deployment to the future second-line cities, while at the same time, net corporate debt remains at a very low level compared to industry, with financial soundness and expansion potential.
We believe that the growth in corporate revenue is expected to be maintained at a high level, with a high level of certainty about future performance, and that a high level of stock price decline is prepared to demonstrate a cautious approach to corporate operations, while at the same time providing greater flexibility to the company to release its future performance. The company has ample resources to sell, and short-term growth in sales does not have a clear negative impact. At the same time, the net corporate debt rate has risen, the pace of localization has accelerated, and the city has been concentrated on the second line.
The city, where financial soundness and expansion have great potential, not only to “live” but also to “live better.” Sales growth continues to decline dramatically, and diversified operations are not expanding as expected.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting and Precision is the third largest in the Real Estate Industry." Today, 2016, the Research Assistant in the Investment of Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry gave an overview of civil engineering at the University of Qinghua, a double law bachelor's degree, three years of work experience in the Real Estate Industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.