A slight slowdown in sales and a robust investment performance were announced in September 2018, when the company realized contract sales of $43.42 billion in September 2018, a 6 per cent decline in the same year, and 3,025 million square metres of sales, an 11 per cent increase in the same year.
Sales slowed slightly in September. Huanko achieved 3.0225 million square metres in September. 11% more than in September; sales amounted to $43.42 billion, a 6% decrease in the same year. The average sales price was $14,354 per square metre at a flat pace and at a lower cost. Huanko acquired 20 new projects in September.
Six are logistics property projects, and 14 are new land projects. The company ' s one-month land addition projects amount to 3.853 million square metres of construction; the total cost of land acquisition is 24.930 billion yuan, a 15 per cent decrease in comparison (excluding logistics projects). The value of land taken in September was 57 per cent of sales, and the average monthly cost was only one month.
In terms of regional distribution, the company insists on nationalization, mainly in Shanghai, Hangzhou, Changsha, Tianjin, Dongjing, Chongqing and other second-line cities, with 51% and 47% of the cost of land, respectively.
In January-September, the company accumulated land acquisition costs of $21,8.3 billion, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period; new surfaces 1, Vankoa (00002): marketing and investment proposals: Vanko, as industry leader, insisted on “three main urban circles + key cities in the mid-west”.
Investment performance is robust, with investment focused on the urban layout of the second-line city, and sales are expanding and increasing. In the area of diversification, Vanko is involved in logistics property, property management, long-term rental apartments, commercial property, etc.
2 Vankoa (000002): Performance against expectations, sales continue to be good, financing excellence continues to expand, getting more active
Policies, etc.); changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.); exchange rate fluctuations risk; and monetization of sheds below expectations.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board