prudential operations, leverage control, continued high performance Speed up real estate settlements and 52.0% increase in revenue from real estate operations from January to September. Company profits per percentage point. Performance growth is lower than business income growth due to company prudential policies
With regard to the larger stock price decline, the balance of the company ' s stock decline reserve as of the end of the 2018 season was  good sales, solid investments, and sufficient land reserves. In January-September 2018, the company achieved sales of $4.315 billion, representing an average increase of 8.9 per cent in corporate rationality.
Investments to ensure timely replenishment of resources on a reasonable price basis, cumulatively 177 new projects in January-September, or 8 per cent lower than the previous year; and continued focus on core cities, with 83.6 per cent of new projects in second-line cities in terms of investment amounts.
Approximately 88,589,000 m2 of area and 53,550,000 m2 of space for equity construction; the total area of planned projects is about 63,066,000 m2 and the area of equity construction is about 3,893,000 m2; and the company is involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, and the area of construction of interest for the old conversion project is approximately 53,503 m2
2.965 million square metres, so the company ' s land reserves remain sufficient. 1, Vankoa (00002): a slightly lower level of sales. Companies hold monetary funds of $132.77 billion, far higher than short-term borrowings and I
2. Vankoa (000002): The sale and first instalment housing rental company debt in 2018, at a rate of only 4.05%.
Investment performance is strong, with investment focused on second-line cities, and the Division’s financing has a unique advantage.  Investment proposal: Huanko, as the industry’s leader, insists on “the three main urban circles + key cities in the mid-west.”
As expected, sales continue to be good, financing good, city layouts, sales are expanding, and sales are increasing. At the same time, in the context of diversified operations, Huanko is involved in logistics property, property management, long-term rental apartments, commercial property, etc.
Policies 2018-08-21, etc.); changes in the financing environment (mortgage, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); business operations risks (staff changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.): exchange rate fluctuations risk: monetization of sheds is not as expected.
The quarterly growth was 48.12 per cent and 28.31 per cent, respectively: significant growth in operating income was mainly due to an upswing in real estate settlements in the main business, and 52.0 per cent in the January-September real estate business contribution as compared to the previous year.
The sales rate was 27.8%, an increase of 4.5 percentage points from 2017. The reason for the lower performance than the growth in operating income was that companies were prepared, on the basis of prudence, for a higher stock price drop, leaving a balance of RMB 4.14 billion at the end of the third quarter of 2018, affecting a net profit of RMB 1.96 billion attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
Sales went well, investments were sound, and land reserves were adequate. 8 per cent lower than in the same year; and the focus was continuously on core cities, with 83.6 per cent of new projects in two-line cities in terms of investment value. By the end of the three quarters, the company was building about 88,589,000 square metres of the building area and the equity-calibre area.
At the same time, the company was involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, with an equity building area of about 2.965,000 square metres, so that the company ' s land reserves remained adequate.
The financial position is robust, the leverage level is low, and the financing advantage is high. 4.05%. Companies, as industry leaders, have a strong access to finance, good credit ratings, and strong state corporate endorsements, giving them a unique advantage in corporate finance.
Huanko, as the leader of the industry, insists on the urban layout of the “Three Urban Circles + Key Cities in the Mid-West” and the scale of sales continues to expand and rise. At the same time, Huanko has a high volatility in the volume of sales in the logistics, property management, and long 1) industry: the overall decline in the volume of sales in the industry will make it difficult for housing firms to return their sales.
2) Business risk as a result of policy adjustments: mortgage lending rates have increased significantly and home-buyer mortgage repayments will increase significantly; tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, resulting in a decline in the scale of sales. 3) The financing environment is generally tightened: bank lending is tight, bond issue rates are high, increasing business mobility is exacerbated
(4) Business operations risk: changes in the cadre of enterprise executives and core business personnel, slow pace of construction, over-radical exposure to funding shortfalls. 5) Exchange rate fluctuations risk: exchange rate fluctuations are over-anticipated and the enterprise is exposed to increasing exchange rate risk.
6) Mocking of sheds is not as good as expected: the rate of monetization of sheds has declined significantly, the stock market in the three or four-line cities has been fully insured.