The track dividend is significant, and the sales continue to be spread internally and externally: the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company released its 2020 performance report. During the reporting period, the company achieved a revenue of $4.53 billion.
This represents an increase of 7.7%; a net profit of 1.370 billion yuan in return for the mother, an increase of 68.6% in the same year; and a significant return to the mother ' s track dividend, with an increase in internal and external sales. The new crown epidemic has accelerated the rapid growth of clean appliances, which, according to Ovi data, reached 24 billion yuan in 2020, a 20% increase in the market for clean appliances.
In the context of high-growth industries, firms have achieved a good increase in their internal and external sales with high-quality product design. On the inside, the growth has slowed, although it has been affected by the decline in milling operations. On the other hand, the annual market share of stone brands is 11%, an increase of 1 pp. With the rise in the penetration rate of land sweepers, the country’s market share is rising.
Companies continue to improve the distribution of domestic channels, and are expected to maintain a robust growth in intra-firm sales. On the external market, firms continue to expand their own external channels, and overseas sales are growing at a high rate.
Autonomous branding has increased significantly as compared to upgrading + product structure. Net corporate interest rates were 30.3% in 2020, an increase of 11.7 pp in the same year. We believe that a significant increase in corporate profitability is mainly due to the upgrading of ownership and product structure.
In terms of the average price of goods, it benefits from the upgrading of the structure of land sweeper products and rising industry prices. According to the Ovie data, the average retail price on the land sweep line rose by $207 per annum in 2020, and the average retail price below the line rose by the same amount.
The company’s high-end flagship product was optimized, and its profitability increased steadily during the reporting period. The company’s closing of gaps in channels and accelerating its own branding will probably raise the cost of company sales in the future. As consumption increases the average price of the product, the unit cost of the advantage is optimized, and the company is not expected to do so.
Land sweepers, as new and small household appliances, are currently less permeable, and will have more room for growth. The structure of the product will continue to improve as the company channels are gradually improved.
2. Stone technology (688169): brand business + product composition optimized, q3 performance increased brightly
Stone technology (688169): Autonomous brand sales bright and profitable (2020-04-30) 5. Stone technology (688169).
However, no member of the Mi eco-chain (2020-03-02) would have received any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.