Q1 is expected to continue to increase significantly due to weak maritime transport, which continues to continue on a “buy-in” rating with no impact on overseas self-employment.
On March 23, 2021, evergiván was stranded in the northern part of the Suez Canal under the banner of the Long Honor Shipping Line, which resulted in the closure of the Suez Canal's two-way channel. The main route is the Asia-Europe trade route, which has no impact on stone technology's own operations abroad (North America).
According to the Suez Canal Authority update (1000 gmt, 24 March Beijing), it has been set aside.
The shallow ships have surfaced in part, and are now docked on the canal, and the fleet and traffic will resume once they are dragged to another location, and we expect that the congestion will not last much longer. Moreover, the main impact of traffic congestion is on distribution channels, which is not expected to affect overall performance, given the low season in the first half of the year.
According to the company ' s disclosure of its bulk trade announcement, the company ' s stock exchange continued to grow rapidly in January-February 2021, both in domestic electricity suppliers and overseas.
According to mirror data, in January-February 2021, the company achieved 77,677,500 dollars in sales through Skycat and Treasures, and the Corporate Update - Performance Express was close to 92.16% more than in the same year. According to junglescout, January-February 2021, the company was in Amazon America.
Forecasting the upper limit, looking forward to the low base of the annual flagship boost, it is expected that the revenue end of 2021q1 will continue to grow at a high rate, taking into account the impact of the low-profit q1 rice brand ratio in 2020, and we expect that 2021q1 will increase profit faster than income.
The field is expected to continue to watch the growth of sales, product uplifts, corporate information updates - s7-sapces exhibition, optimal drag capacity, pre-enhance automatic dust packs -