The performance forecast for supermarkets continues to keep up with the growth of external sales, product upgrades, stone technology (688169.sh) and the performance forecast for supermarkets, consistent with our expectations.
• Overseas channels continue to raise control, product power, brand power, and the external market is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Brand revenue is about $4 billion, more than 40 per cent more than year-on-year, and self-owned revenue is more than 90 per cent. Sub-channels show that we expect our own self-establishment channels to grow by 180 per cent more than year-on-year in 2020, with American Amazon channels growing by more than 100 per cent over year-on-year, and overseas self-establishment distribution channels increasing by more than 200 per cent over year-on-year.
The rapid development of the Division’s self-build channels marks a further improvement in the company’s fine-tuning management and a step-by-step increase in the control of the pipeline terminals. The offshore version of the new product s7 is aimed at the ground structure of families abroad, and the introduction of a clean resolution programme that is better suited to carpets marks an increase in product power.
The company’s brand influence in the United States market has increased even further, after irobot (38%). Against the backdrop of rising control, production, and brand power in overseas markets, we believe that the company’s export market is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate.
..the new product functional stacking is expected to continue to increase profitability.
The company update report - s7-phases exhibition, optimizing drag capacity, pre-enhancement of automatic dust packs, $750, leaves 30% of the lift space.
Automatic dust box renderings, which are expected to be sold separately and to support multi-products, are expected to drive the whole sku, Corporate Information Update - q3 Performance Big Supermarket, Corporate Information Update - New Parts Full
Upgraded h6 with o3 expected to continue at a high rate of increase