Alternative consumption of consumer durables and apparel showed a huge increase of 69-78 per cent over 20 years, and a persistent growth of the vandal robotics event: the company expects to realize net profits attributable to the parent owner in 2020
Business is for the design, development, production (by commissioning) and sale of smart hardware such as smart clean robots, the main product of which is a customized brand for millet, "Mimi Smart Sweeper", "Mi Handheld Widless Dust" and its own brand, "Mike Smart Sweeper."
In 2020, the company pioneered the launch of a rock using the ai-eyed visual shielding technology, with a total equity/flow (million shares).
The new product, thanks to its outstanding product power and technological advantages, brings good overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) to users, which is widely recognized by consumers. The sales share of the new product continues to expand.
This has led to an increase in the average price of the product, which has boosted the company's business performance and overall profitability.
It's a sonic moping, 3,000 vibratings per minute, and it works -- 2020/10/29.
The other major improvement is ultrasound carpet recognition, special carpet recognition.
Wet. Rock-and-ground robots are black and white, with a retail price of $649 - 2020/08/30.
The package will also be released this year, and we continue to appreciate the competitiveness of the company’s products.
Channels: in the domestic market, companies continue to enrich product types, continue to produce multi-positioned products and achieve product coverage at various price segments; and continue to increase market influence through new products, while companies continue to increase their own branding and promotion, trying to be more visible with the country
In overseas markets, companies focus on developing markets in the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, taking advantage of potential market size and high-value products.
The Division is establishing a global distribution network that covers countries and regions where operations are established and markets with high demand but underserved and undeveloped markets. At the same time, companies are gradually establishing local branches and offices in major overseas markets to improve market position and provide better after-sales services.
Currently, companies have established overseas companies in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, etc.) Talent: In team-building, companies have deepened the convergence of external recruitment and in-house culture, and have accelerated the stockpiling of high-end people in a number of fields, including product R & D, marketing, etc.
To further increase the recruitment of researchers, such as software, hardware, and professionals and marketing professionals, the performance has increased by 69-78 per cent over the past 20 years, and the growth of the clean-up robot has continued. 3) Products: the company continues to follow the path of technological innovation by launching two floor-cleaning machines in the second quarter.
Humans 7 and t 7pro. Adding artificial intelligence modules to t7pro significantly enhances the intelligence of soil sweeper robots. In the development of commercial clean robot products, this project is mainly based on the company ' s existing capabilities in home-based smart sweep robotics and research and development.
Development of testing sites and hardware and software research and development equipment, expansion of research and development teams to form a commercial clean robot production development system, development of smart clean robots for commercial markets, taking advantage of the market.
The creation of intelligent operating links between the user and smart-scanding robots, other things networking devices enhances the user’s ease of viewing and operating online product information in real time.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.