Inventory impairment drags profits and waits for group asset note \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The price resonance has led to a significant increase in the Māori ratio. But the company’s stock drop price is 777 million yuan, representing 39.68% of the total profit. Although the company has been able to hedge against the hedges of derivatives, resulting in a gain of $180 million in fair value changes, it has not fully offset the stock fall price loss and delays performance.
\triangleright \triangleright \q2 \Changleright registered an increase of 13.88% to $32.972 billion per year.
Māori growth is due mainly to higher product prices, with 2022q2 cathode copper on average as research assistant Zhang Qing Qing, looking ahead: 1 mineral copper: the group's Milado copper mine is or will be injected in accordance with the group's non-competitive commitment.
The company \triangleright City, in the first phase of the project alone, will produce 100,000 tons of mineral copper.2 Processing fees: 9.24 per cent in 2022 for copper concentrate long single processing fees (tc/rc), ending the year-on-year downward trend in processing fees since 2015.
Process fees continue to be high. 3 sulphate: Sulphur as a by-product of the company ' s smelting process, with a stable cost and high performance elasticity. 4 copper sulfur processing: 450,000 tons of copper currently produced, 10,000 tons of copper/year pcb copper sulfon entering the installation phase and 10,000 tons of lithium/year expansion of copper sulfur in the copper mare area.
The project has already started, and construction of the 15,000-ton/year lithium battery copper expansion project is about to begin. Investment proposal: the price of copper and sulphuric acid for the company ' s products has fallen and we revised it down to \triangleright in 2022-2024.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.