Valuation study for the office in Kimshan 19/07/2023 Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new clients
The gold mountain office share price review and space discount valuation: technology, policy, products, fundamental face relay, forward space change-up valuation hub. The marginal changes in technology, policy, products, fundamentals can cause changes in corporate valuations.
Changes (number of users, fee conversion rates, arpu) affect secondary market pricing. Taking into account firm stability in the pattern of competition, deep technical barriers, clear business models, credit-seeking trends, etc., we measure market value space and discount as one moves forward.
c end-of-end income space: neutral, optimistic 16.2 billion ~ 24.3 billion yuan. 1) Number of active users: 5-year cagr 6% of active users of wpspc end-of-assumptions, expected to be worth 324 million in mid-2027; 2) Number of pay-for-service users: reference Aki arts, tee video, Microsoft Officec end-of-service payments
The pace of increase in the number of cost households, taking into account the increase in the rate of penetration of fees under the ai plus, is expected to be wps arpu: the average of 16.2 billion to 24.3 billion yuan, taking into account factors such as annual flexibilization, changes in membership, price increases in ai (medium income for Microsoft by wpsc end in 2027).
• Overseas: Ai+gdr is currently not included in the valuation system and is expected to open up significantly.
Rapid performance rating: performance meets expectations, machine " Office in Kimshan " (688111): 2022 III  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: with c-year fees, membership changes, ai-upgrade payments
Quarterly review: Autonomous Accelerating Progress, Rates and Arpu, b-Technology, b-Technology Trends are on the move, and we're looking forward to the company's i-A-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
1.1. The gold mountain office share price review: technology, policy, products, basic face-to-face relays, we re-traced the changes in the prices of each round since the gold mountain office was placed on the market, and found that the marginal changes in technology, policy, products, fundamentals would result in significant changes in the company ' s valuation.
This round is very similar to the cloud collaboration at the end of 2020, with short-term fundamentals not expected to change qualitatively, but significant changes in the long-term space have led to a significant increase in the valuation hub. Any change in parameters affecting the forward space (number of households, fee conversion rates, armo) will affect the company’s secondary market pricing.
1.2. The gold mountain office valuation system, which corresponds to three types of framework for different periods (1) is optimistic: the spatial discount method - measuring the medium-term dimension of market space and penetration based on growth trends. For market optimism, high risk preferences, or significant changes in industry/company, open up the horizon.
(2) In neutral state: ps valuation - partial premium is given at the level of valuation based on saas and beacons. (3) Pessimistic: at the bottom of the segment valuation - c/b end cloud subscriptions to ps, b end authorization operations, advertising operations to pe valuations. For market pessimism, low risk preferences, used to establish extremes.
1.3. Kimsan Office Valuation Retrieval Disk (ps) Figure 2: Kimshan Office Valuation Retrieval Retrieval Retrieval Disk (which includes income for year-on-year expectations, market value of the left axis, right axle ps multiplier & circulation disc ratio, billions of yuan)
For example: 2021.11.19 corresponds to 20.8 times ps (38.5 times office in Kimsan); 2023.07.14 corresponds to 12 times ps (39 times office in Kimsan), and the difference between the value of the adobe relative to its high point in 2021 is still large.The valuation of the office in Kimshan reflects not only expectations of the year, but also market expectations of its mid-term/final space.
Figure 3: The external saas valuation reference (market value for left axis, right axle ps multiplier & circulation plate ratio)
2.1. The framework for the valuation of space discounts for office operations in Phnom Penh 2.1.1. The fundamentals of future space valuations: pattern stability, technical barriers, clarity of business models, trends in trust Competition patterns: the maintenance of the leading advantage.
Given factors such as domestic production/pricing/localization of services, wps has significant advantages in opening up their business in the Chinese market; the high technical barriers to office softness make it difficult to compete in the area of deep-file office software in the country, and the stronger one is facing. Business models: cloud subscriptions significantly increase business continuity and predictability; and highly productativity, with high ceilings on profitability.
The share of corporate b+c subscription revenue reached 70.58% in 2022, with stock users retaining + incremental users digging for results Trend: a new round of party + industry innovations is on the rise.
Time node, Wps penetration at b. g end is expected to increase significantly. 2.1.2. Core variables: number of users, rate of payment, end of income: income = number of users x rate of payment xarpu.
Number of users: active users (c), party organs, business units (g), enterprises (b), private enterprises (b), pay penetration & pay users (c): active users & pay user conversion, b/g: business model annual site authorization, product system digital office platform.
Arpu: Member pricing system, fee term structure, profit end: net interest rate for steady state. Valuation: medium term/foreseepe.
2.2.1.c End one active user: Medium Space 324 million mau Active user double disks: pcendmad: 2023q1pc endmads up to 252 million.
Figure 4: Number of pc end and mobile end-of-the-month active devices (millions) Domestic spatial analysis: 540 million home-line users in 2022 according to the China Internet Information Centre data
Yoy+13%, with room for imagination for the country’s current space and future growth trends. Both pcendmau have room for growth, continuing the growth trend, giving a relatively conservative assumed home-line user five years of wpscendmau (end of pc) to 324 million.
2.2.2.c Number of pay-as-you-go users: Mid-term Space 0.8 to 100 million Wps pay-you-go: As of the end of 2022, the cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership at wpsc end was 0.3 billion (a 150 per cent increase over three years) and 12.4 per cent (a 4.6 pcts increase over three years).
Business progression (promotion season) and customer renewal (home leave), cumulative year up to December 2022
The problem lies mainly in the nature of the product, which says that entertainment software has fewer free rights, has to pay for it, and that it is easier to convert. And we think that there is a similarity between the fee logic of office software and video applications, and even some of the advantages: The payment pattern is similar: all annual subscriptions of about $200, in terms of product conversion funnels, are similar to the one of 200 annual fee members.
(b) The user structure is similar: wps, E-E-Teng, the ratio of users aged 25-35 is 50-60 per cent, the user image is similar, and this group develops the practice of subscription to software;
High conversion costs: cloud functions such as wps clouds, compared to Appleicloud albums, are sticky, high conversions.
Cost products, very difficult to lose once users break the conversion threshold (wps5g toll-free cloud storage capacity).
The impact of the popularip cycle is somewhat volatile and the growth of user fees is relatively stable.Ref. II: Microsoft Office Consumer Growth Data Microsoft Office Consumer: 27 million subscribers by the end of 2017 (with wps 30 million by the end of 2022)
The number of users paying for the fee is close), as well as the Fy2022q4 amounted to 59.7 million, a five-year increase of 121 per cent (cagr+17.2 per cent), by means of the target: the income at end vsc end of Microsoft office product b is approximately 85:15, most demand is in the b end, and the demand is in the b end, and c is at the end of a small group of customers such as individuals/family/education;
Given the stage of development of the domestic software environment, where some b-side office users will purchase their own Wps membership rights as end c, the number of domestic customers of wpsc end business is larger than the overseas Microsoft officec end group, we can make faster assumptions about the increase in the number of domestic payers at end wpsc.
Wps Pay Users Growth Outlook. We predict 2027 Wpsc Ends: Billion (cagr+26.4%): Aichi, Tetsu video references: approximation of the penetration rate starting with an increase of 10-15 pcts over the last five years.
Microsoft Office Consumer refers: five years cagr 17.2%, and wps are expected to be higher. The number of c-end subscriptions to fy2017 Microsoft officeconsumer increased to 59.7 million (five years cagr+17.2%).
Wpsai further improves the segregation of payable interests and opens up full market space. Given the exponential upgrading of the functional boundaries of the office products and the effects of their use, the distinction between free and fee-paying interests of the user of the wps is expected to increase significantly, we believe that the increase in the Wps pay penetration rate is expected to increase significantly.
Arpu’s medium-term growth is driven by three main drivers: annual flavourization, membership change, ai empowerment, annual favouration: the arpu uplift has benefited from annual favourable membership transformation in the past two years (2022 q3 for more than three months) membership pricing system changes:
Increase in short-term membership: three months of membership of $29,568 (Aki culture gold vip $78 per month); Standard membership upgrade: regular membership of $89 per super-member of $148 per year (Aki culture gold vip/year); Higher senior membership ceiling: super-member 179 per super-member of pro248 per year (Aki culture gold vip)
How's the Wps membership change? — a few points from the Aichi membership price hikes: Conclusion I: After two price hikes in Aki culture, we see arpu, income uplifts cash, and we judge that 2023q3 is starting to see the positive realization of wpsc end data.
Quarterly revenue rose from $3.84 billion to $4.31 billion (Run + 12.2 per cent); data in figure 16) Annual dimensions: arm from $1.25 to $14.4 Conclusion II: The negative perturbation of higher prices on the growth of Aichi membership is relatively small, and we judge wps' meetings
The changes in the workforce have had a positive impact on the pay-for-money transformation as a whole. We have observed that before the first price increase for q4 Aichi in 2020, its arpu value, quarterly income, and the number of paid-up members have fallen for three consecutive quarters, and that the increase in prices has been followed by an increase in all three indicators.
Taking into account the sticky nature of the product and the shift in fees paid by the new user, we believe that the negative impact of price increases is relatively small and that office software is more rigid and stickier. Conclusion III: Roughly $170 (priced at $148/249 per annum) for the Achiatry year, 2022, is currently wps
The pricing system is almost consistent with it, and we judge that wpsarpu is expected to move closer to this level in the future. Figure 17:2020 q1-2023q1 Episcopal membership income and the same ratio (billion yuan) is expected to raise arpu significantly:
1) cf. Microsoft office 365 copilot: $360/year, with an increase of 140 ~ 53 per cent. According to reports from theverge, engadget, neowin etc., on 18 July, Microsoft announced a price of $30/person/month for microsof365 copilot, applicable to e3, e5, commercial standard editions and merchants.
Users of the premium version, with a much higher than expected price, are currently priced at the standard version, premium, e3 and e5 levels at $150/244/432/684 per person/year, with a copilot price increase of 140-53 per cent.
About $100/person/year, copilot $360/person/year pricing is expected to be fully open to all users in February and February for office operation arpu/person/year. Payment pattern and pricing: free amount + subscription purchase.
The original version of the plus, for example, is priced at $8/month (annual fee), an extra $8/month (annual fee) or $10/month (monthly fee), and a doubling of the price.
Users & Income: In 2022, the number of notions was about 30 million, the number of payers was about 4 million, and the income was about $43.5 million (getlatka data). After the first quarter of this year, notion announced in its office that notion aaalpha had broken 4 million since its release in late 2022.
Assuming a reference rate of 3.5% for chhatgpt, the annual notionai rate of $96/year estimates an annual income increase of approximately $13.5 million. Considering the advantages of the scenario of the document product, the actual penetration rate may be higher.
3) Ref: $240 per year toc version chhatgptpt free of charge at $20 per month; tob version charge totokens. According to yipitdata, the number of global users of chhatgpt paid as of the end of April 2023 was approximately 1 million to 1.1 million, with a penetration rate of around 1 million
Figure 20: Chhatgpt Pay Infiltration Figure 21: Chhatgpt Pricing Figure 23: Overseasai Office Application Pricing and Arpu (US$/year)
2.2.4.c End-I income: medium-term space 162 - 24.3 billion yuan. Based on our calculations and reasoning, we expect to reach 324 million Wpsc endmau in mid-2027. State-run markets: 30 million units (including business units) in the domestic pc stock, based on our previous reports.
The current tob/g end fee model for wps is divided into institutional authorizations (lisence) and institutional subscriptions (annual site authorization plus public cloud subscriptions) wps b, g end business models are moving from quantity authorization to annual site authorization (type subscriptions), cloud subscription models.
Now that the Wps procurement in parts like Guangdong has been paid annually for the credit-for-coated cloud model, long-term expectations are that the company’s business at end-b will be fully transformed into a subscription model. Taking into account developments in the IT industry, in the medium term we use the lisence model for business models in the Party-for-Technology field, the industry assumes that the business sector will not be able to do so.
In addition, according to the National Statistical Office, there are currently around 230 million people employed in private enterprises in the country, as measured by the private sector.
Institutional mandates: Currently, institutions authorize most of them to be party info (wps+numberofd) and some of the non-intelligent purchases are permanently authorized lisence models. According to our calculations, the single net income from wps in the last three years is approximately 240 to 260 yuan, mainly base.
In line with the natural phase-out cycle of 4-5 years of party-based innovation equipment, an annualized package of wps software in the party-based innovation market is now about $50-60. In the future, the district-based innovation will have increased fragmentation of orders, increased difficulty in deploying them, and reduced middle-dubination in the area, accompanied by further penetration of the Golden Hill Digital Office platform product system, with a single net harvest.
The income and space of several sectionsofd cannot be ignored: a single set of net revenues is estimated to be between $150 and $200, and the cover is estimated at 1/2 to 2/3 of wps. There is a relatively “one-size-fits-all” income relationship that helps smooth the volatility of the innovation.
Figure 27: Number of business sales authorized by wps (million units) Future district-county Letters are expected to reduce the share of landing intermediates, increase the difficulty of deployment, won, neutral $250, and ofd purchase unit equals $200 and neutral $150.
The average purchase price for the number of sections is 200 yuan, with 4 million units purchased each year in the medium term, corresponding to an annualized income of 800 million yuan. Agencies ' authorized income totals 2.9 billion yuan, and institutions ' authorized income totals 2.35 billion yuan.
Figure 28: Wps Agency Authorized Medium-Term Income Space Measurements for Operations (million yuan) 2.3.2.b End-of-line ICSO subscriptions: Medium-Term Income Spaces: $2.4-6.6 billion Agency subscriptions: Core brand wps365, mostly annual site authorizations for Yan State Enterprise/Party Markets, Major Ministry
Public cloud subscriptions to private enterprises. 1) Yearly site authorization: open-ended sales contracts with client units, with future industry innovations. Product system awareness update: wps positioning is not just office client, but the entire digital office platform.
Cross-sale procurement for the product system, which includes client-end + cloud functions. The company reported at the 2022 Performance Exchange that the Digital Office Fair has a larger share of recent business, and that the new annual site authorization contracts are now mostly for multiple digital desk service products.
(2) Public cloud subscriptions: predominantly private enterprises & small and medium-sized b are priced at $199/person/person/year ~599/person/year. According to the 2022 report, the number of publicly owned Yunsaas paying increased by 51 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the rate of renewal of paid enterprises was over 70 per cent, the rate of renewal was over 100 per cent and the revenue associated with the public cloud sector was over 100 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Institutional subscription - The fragmentation of business models in the context of the annual site authorization model tob has been an attempt by the market to solve the problem. There is currently no authoritative model in the market, taking into account such factors as business disclosure, convergence and fragmentation, client differentials, and here we propose an exploratory frame
Model assumptions: contracts are generally signed on a three-year basis or one-year basis for an open-ended package year payment model. Number of users: we assume that the actual delivery under the private cloud deployment model is accompanied by the concepts of “accompanied access to users” and “actual fee penetration”, which are used to respond to landing links such as discounts;
The meta/person/year arpu assumption (the annual site authorization is different from the branding system of publicly owned cloud subscriptions, here for reference purposes only), using the actual fee penetration rate (and the number of visits/total staff) of the client ' s staff as a variable to measure the movement; and the digital office platform and the ai are expected to further upgrade the arpu space;
Core variables: total number of clients, actual fee penetration rate (and number of users/total client staff), wps pricing &arpu. How to understand the concept of “actual fee penetration rate”: the fee logic of the wps digital office platform can be easily broken down
Wpsoffice client base function + cloud function + foundation capability, which is equal to the more users of the client's employee buy/use on the cloud function and the higher the number of visits, the higher the actual fee penetration rate, which eventually leads to an increase in the contract value. Ten thousand people. We can split the client by reference to the Wps365 business base price of $199/person/year.
A total of 80 to 100,000 people were visited, with 20 to 25 per cent actual penetration. Figure 31: We present the wps year site authorization payment model.
Current estimates of penetration rates for industry innovation (important industries) are as follows: institutional subscription revenue of 692 million in 2022 (the size of the private sector is ignored), reference to the number of 60 million customers in important industries in the industry, reference to 200 yuan/person/annual base pricing, and 36.24 billion yuan, corresponding to 39 per cent/28 per cent of the cagr. (55 per cent growth in revenue from subscriptions by the gold mountain office in 2022)
The private sector market: According to the National Statistical Office, private enterprises in China employed 228 million people in 2019, based on a basic version of wps365 of 200 yuan/person/year: figure 33:b - institutional subscription - medium-term spatial estimation of the private sector market
Will the growth of end-users conflict with end-of-end? — We do not think that the overlap between end-of-end pay users and end-of-end b markets is mutually exclusive. End-of-end demand is mainly for original authorization + cloud security control, end-of-end demand and inside, and end-of-end B cloud files are privatized deployments that cannot be accessed through the extranet, and therefore account b.c cannot be completed
At the current penetration level, there is no need to worry about b.c. end-user conversion conflicts. 2.3.4.b end-of-end - medium-term income space of $6 billion to $9 billion takes into account the payment characteristics and pricing systems of various client groups.
BPW: 7 million x 300 pp + 4 million* 200 ppd = 2.9 billion yuan/year, BMW: 60 million users * 30% penetration* 200/year = 3.6 billion yuan/year, BM: 230 million private employment* 5% penetration* 200/year = 2.3 billion yuan/year.
Industry credit markets: 60 million users* 20 per cent penetration * 200 yuan/year = 2.4 billion yuan/year, private sector markets: 230 million private employment * 3 per cent penetration * 200 yuan/year = 1.38 billion yuan/year.
Overseas business development: 120 million wps overseas in 2022, five years capr+22.8%; 2020 Initial company publicly stated that more than 100 million users have used wps overseas; at the 2022 performance exchange, the company stated that 200 million users abroad. Wps have a relatively high overseas migration end, with no capacity to make a living in the past few years, city
Ai+gdr is expected to open the valuation space significantly: we think wps overseas are expected to access large models provided by manufacturers like openai, moving endwps products.
Strength boundaries are expected to be upgraded from " Read + Light Edition " . In the past, mobile ends were usually used only for reading or very light editing, and futureai was expected to make mobile end support for operations by voice or text commands, etc. The value of the product will be significantly raised and converted to the ceiling, enabling wps to open overseas markets.
In addition, the company announced on March 22 that it was planning to issue a global deposit voucher (gdr) offshore and market it at the Swiss Stock Exchange for corporate technology and product development, market promotion, and the enhancement of overseas marketing and global branding.
The company’s reputation abroad is raised to further deepen its strategy to promote corporate internationalization. It shows that in the new era, the company is expected to contribute significant revenue and value increases in the future by further upgrading the expansion and realization of overseas markets to key strategic objectives. (1) Pattern premiums: the pattern of innovation and spatial trends over the next five years; and the scarcity of capacity to process bottom-lines in deep files.
The technical barriers to office-based deep office products are extremely high, and the one plus is stronger. (2) Profitability: companies insist on maintaining high R & D inputs, with a net interest rate of at least 39 per cent in 2020; reference Microsoft productivity operations (including office, linkedin, etc.) with an overall opmargin of over 50 per cent, we think the office is pure.
Business profitability is higher, and given the saas product size effect, we believe that the Wps future theoretical net interest rate caps more than 50%. We give companies a 45% net interest rate assumption in the medium term. (3) Business model and long-term space: reference to the valuation space of companies with different business models in the computer industry, general
Outsourcing models can give 15 to 30 times more, project companies can give 20 to 40 times, product-based companies can give 30 to 50 times more, and saas models usually measure valuation levels with ps. Assuming that the golden mountain office in 2027 is at a relatively mature stage, there is still room for further expansion (product system expansion, private market expansion, overseas municipalities).
The trend of increasing the rate of payments and arpu, b-lettering, b-subscription industries continues, and we value the investment value of high-quality assets at the end of the company’s application.
A net annual profit forecast of 2,898 million. A “buy-in” rating is given. Product rotation is not as high as expected.
The fee conversion is not as expected. wps use + to purchase value-added services free of charge. If the fee-paying function is not as attractive as the user, it may slow the fee conversion and the corresponding fee penetration rate rises. Industry competition increases.
Lower-down-it spending is lower than expected. The company’s downstream-b-side clients include governments, Chinese companies, private companies, etc., may result in limited growth in the company’s income space if tob has a tight spending on domaint or the budget is less advanced than expected.
The three main financial forecasting tables for the offices in Kimshan have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.