On 13 March 2020, the coal-chemical industry led by the company “buy-in” was awarded a first-time coverage of the multi-project production and growth space. The company, as the domestic coal-based industry led by the company, built a complete multi-combined economic chain to achieve raw materials.
High self-sufficiency and good profitability. The company ' s 600,000-ton coke-gas-based hydrocarbon project will be delivered to the public after delivery. Four companies, American Energy, Shanxi Caring, Open Shares, Golden Energy Technology, now 16.8 times more than pb, and we believe that the company has more projects to produce, and the company is growing in the long run.
Modern coal-chemicals, similar to American-American-energy-style hydrogen energy, should be valued by companies more than our peers. For the first time, the "buy-in" rating is given.
The company already has three circulatory chains of caramel, aromatic hydrocarbons and fine chemicals, of which the first two contribute the products of the last chain are the raw materials of the next chain, with high self-sufficiency of raw materials at a significantly lower cost than the cost of external purchases, for example, the initial coal raw materials, which reached over 60 per cent in 2019, at a higher cost than the cost of outsourcing.
In addition, the coke industry is expected to optimize its production structure, driven by policy off-productivity, and to keep the price of coke high; the domestic self-sufficiency of the industry is low and there is much room for future development.
Modern coal-chemicals are an important part of the country’s energy strategy, and China’s energy problem is that of more coal and less oil, which replaces oil with coal for the production of basic chemical products, which will ensure the country’s energy security. Coal-yerocarbons have become a chemical project that the country has been developing.
The company has taken the lead in deepening the modern coal industry, which is expected to be a priority beneficiary of the national energy strategy and to benefit from policy dividends.
Private Quality Enterprises, which were successfully listed in 2019. Ningxia Bo Fong Energy Group, Inc., was established in 2005 and is located in Ningdong Coal Field, the sixth largest coal base in the country, and is the backbone of the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, as well as an important component.
More than a decade of development has brought together domestic and international expertise and equipment, building the “coal, coke, gas, chemical, oil, electricity” multi-cycle economic chain, transforming coal resources from fuel to chemical raw materials and using them cleanly and efficiently.
The city's first shareholder is the Ningxia Bofo Group, which holds 35.57 per cent of the shares and actually controls the party's Mr. Yingbao.
Based on natural geographical advantages, based on coal selection and centred on modern coal-chemicals, the company has achieved the separation, gradation and full utilization of coal resources along the technological lines of coal, coke, gas, gas, oil, multi-power cogeneration, and has constructed three revolving industrial chains of commochemical products, acrylic products, and refined chemical products.
Production capacity of 5.1 million tonnes/year coal mining, 10 million tonnes/year coal washing, 4 million tonnes/year coke, 1.7 million tonnes/year methanol, tons/year carbon four processing, 90,000 tonnes/year carbon four isomers.
Figure 2: The company ' s multi-circle chain has developed 1.3. The circular economy has gained significant advantages, with firm performance growing robustly in recent years. The circular chain has evolved to form three major business plates.
Purchase of three operational modules: EOE, CYF 2014 and CO4 in 2016, with the final shape of the current CYP. In 2018, CYC contributed 43 per cent, 43 per cent and 14 per cent of the company ' s operating income, respectively.
A breakdown of the products shows that coke, polyethylene, polypropylene, and polypropylene are high on corporate profitability. The company’s profits have been high in recent years as a result of the continued development of the company’s three revolving industrial chains and excellent cost controls.
The Māori rate and the net interest rate of the company, which stood at a high level by the third quarter of 2019, stood at 44.5 per cent, as a result of the increase in the company ' s net assets due to the increase in the ipo registered capital in 2019, although the 20 per cent value was still high.
Figure 7: Corporate Māori and net interest rates remain high
2.1 In the Golden Triangle, the resource-rich company is located at the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, which is located at the heart of the China Energy-Chemicals Triangle (Ning Shaningdong, Shaoxi Lin, Uldos, Inner Mongolia) and is endowed with a variety of resources.
Coal resources are abundant. The coal resources buried deep below 2,000 m are 1.4 trillion tons, or 25.5 per cent of the national coal resources; 351.4 billion tons of coal resources have been identified, or 18.1 per cent of the country ' s total identified coal resources; the area containing coal in the region accounts for about 65 per cent of the total area of the region; the coal layers are very thick and geological.
The company is located on the edge of the Tigray desert, with a total planned area of 3,484 square kilometres, of which the core area is planned to be 885 square kilometres, mostly desert and flat.
At the same time, the base is located on the east bank of the Yellow River, which is located on the west side of the Yellow River, and has built 800,000 cubic metres per day of water supply, production and livelihood facilities, and transport resources. The region is located in the heart of the Asian-European continental bridge, which is an important route to the ancient silk road.
It's a key node for the "one way" to the east. The region's well-developed infrastructure has created a multi-modal mix of railways, roads, aviation, management networks, etc. Industry is rich in resources. The company sits at the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base, developing in collaboration with other industries.
By 2020, base coal mining capacity will reach 10,000 kW/year and production of 10 million tonnes/year. Figure 9: Ningdong Energy Chemical Base 2020 Development Target
National large coal cattle production base 140 million tonnes/year coal mining capacity
National large coal industry base 30 million tonnes/year coal industry product capacity National “West East” fire base
Power installed capacity of 19 million kW/year and more, the National Circulatory Economic Demonstration Area, the World's Coal-Based Hydrocarbons Capital.
Production of 10 million tonnes/year of broth, technological innovation and high talent in coal-chemicals in China, 50,000 practitioners in the coal-chemical industry, 2,000 R & D workers.
More than 25% of the skilled are highly skilled; 2.2% are supported by a multi-pronged policy, with a tax subsidy; and the energy source is a very large, modern, coal-chemical industry that the Ningxia Autonomous Region has focused on supporting.
The implementation of the Great Development Strategy has been intensified with the introduction of a series of major policy measures to improve the investment climate and accelerate industrial development in the Ningxia Autonomous Region, the City of Sinakawa, and the Ningdong Energy Chemical Base Commission, as well as a number of policy support measures in the areas of resources and financing for Bo-Hung Fu energy.
In terms of income tax, the State Revenue Service collects 15% of income tax for a given year.
The combined income tax rate is 13.7 per cent, and the company ' s income tax rate is clearly low among the listed companies with a share of coke, without taking into account such factors as Shanxi caricature and Antai Group ' s delayed income tax and the tax pool. 2.3, circular industry chain, effective cost control
The company is now built into a multi-synchronous revolving economic chain, where, according to the three existing chains and the ipo fund-raising project, the products of the last chain will be the raw material of the next chain, which is now available to the greatest extent possible, is not available for procurement, and the circular economic model effectively controls costs.
The main raw materials are coal, methanol, kerosene, crude benzene, and carbon. Later, with 3.3 million tons of coal mining and the ipo fund-raising project (the coke gasification project of 600,000 tons/year of broth), the self-sufficiency rate of raw materials will rise again, further reducing costs. Coal self-sufficiency is slightly lower in the existing chains.
At about 60 per cent, the self-sufficiency rate of other raw materials is approximately 70 to 90 per cent; in addition, the cost of raw materials purchased from the raw materials is 392 yuan/tonne, the cost of saving tons of coal is 241 yuan/tt, and the cost is cheap.
The industry of coke production is the first link in the company ' s multi-combined cycle chain, with a total of 4 million tonnes/year of coke production. In 2018, the country ' s coke production capacity totalled 650 million tonnes/year. The overall situation is a relatively fragmented, small low end.
More productively, according to 190 cokered enterprises in Treasure Information Statistics, the size of the energy source is larger than that of the charcoal industry, which ranks among the top 12.1 per cent of the total production capacity of all firms in production. If compared with the production capacity of companies listed in a share of coke, the company has an approved capacity of 4 million tons, ranking fourth, and an equity capacity of 4 million tons.
The company's coke industry chain is typical of “coal coke integration”, the company produces all its own coal, and because coal is not sufficiently self-sufficient, the company itself.
There will also be large amounts of external procurement of coal, where home-grown and outsourced coal is used mainly for cokering, gasification, and power fuels, where primary coal-washed concentrates are used for the production of coke and coker and by-products, while medium coal and coal sludge are used for the production of steam and electricity generation. In addition, the raw materials in the subsequent chains of the industry and the refined industrial chain of the industry are also derived from coker production.
From 2016 to 2018, the company produced coal as a raw material self-sufficiency rate of about 60% and the cost of raw materials was nearly 250 yuan/tonne less than the cost of outsourcing, which was 61.5% less. If the coker chain is used as a raw material, the self-sufficiency rate is basic.
In about 50% of cases, the cost is nearly 400 yuan per ton cheaper than outsourcing, and 64% cheaper. In 2018, for example, companies have saved 2.13 billion yuan because of their high self-sufficiency in coal.
The coal mine has a combined capacity of 5.1 million tons, i.e. 3.6 million tonnes/year of Marlene station coal mine and 1.5 million tonnes/year of four springs coal mine; in addition, the company has nearly 3.3 million tonnes of capacity to build and produce, of which 2.4 million tonnes/year of red 4 coal mine and 600,000 tonnes/year of dung coal mine are not expected to be operational due to the temporary lack of a mining licence.
In the first half of 2020, the latter will be co-developed with the sweet water river coal mine (300,000 tonnes/year) and will soon be operational. If the company’s coal mine is fully delivered, the capacity is expected to reach 8.4 million tonnes/year, at which time the company’s self-sufficiency as a raw material will increase further.
The cost of raw materials is low, and the cost of producing units of coke is much lower than that of their counterparts. The charcoal production process itself is a processing process, the cost of raw materials is close to 85% of the cost, the cost of labour and depreciation are very small, so the cost of raw materials directly determines the unit cost of production of coke, which is self-sustaining through the coal analysed above.
Rates and raw material costs suggest that the cost of a company’s coke unit production should have a clear cost advantage over its counterparts. In 2018, the cost of a company’s coke unit production was only $611 per ton, well below the comparable average of $1.589 per ton.
The cost advantage is that the company’s capacity to produce tons of coke is higher than that of its peers. From sales prices, the company’s sales price in 2018 was only $1.277 per ton, which is significantly lower than the average sales price of 1982 to tons, for two main reasons: the company’s cokering plant’s raw materials were dominated by one third of coal, and its cokering techniques were used to refine the coke, with lower levels of coke produced;
The second is that the company’s main client is the North China steel factory, which, because of the company’s distance from the terminal customers, sells coke at a relatively low price, but at the same price as the rest of the firm, in terms of the steel factory’s to the plant’s prices. In terms of ton, this indicator can really reflect the company’s level of profitability, although the company sells at a price.
Low, but much lower production costs, so the company’s ton of coke is clearly ahead of that of its counterparts. In 2018, the ministry’s ton of korama was $666 per ton, less than US$ 676 per ton of energy, and ranked second in comparison. For example, at the Māori level, the company’s rate of coke is 52%, ranked first and far higher than that of its counterparts.
The second-highest energy source is only 30%, and the other caramel companies are at about 10-20%. In a share, it is clear that the company’s chain of circular economics model has created a profit-making advantage in the company’s industrial chain. 3.3. The coke industry analysis: the production capacity continues to deepen, and coke prices are expected to remain high.
3.3.1. Focalized off-productivity and supply-side structural optimization Policy on off-productivity. In accordance with the “13th Five-Year Development Plan” of 2016 for the focal sector, and the “Three-Year Operation to Win the Blue Sky” of 2018, the coke industry phased out production capacity in the country from 2016 to 2020
With a target of 50 million tons, by the end of 2018, the coke industry had accumulated 43.9 million tons of output, achieving 87.8 per cent of the target. The year 2020 was the year of the country ' s reform of the focal industry.
In the year to come, the phase-out of backward capacity and the replacement of advanced capacity will significantly optimize the production structure of the focal sector. Table 8: The main policies on the collusiveness of centrifugal capacity, the low utilization of coke production, the spread of production capacity and the larger share of small stoves.
For 650 million tons, coke production was 438 million tons, and the capacity utilization of coke was only 67 per cent, at a low level, in addition to the fact that the output distribution of the concentrated industries was broadly divided into two types, namely, the steel plant conglomerates and the independent carcinogens, which were generally small in size, low in concentration and 34 per cent of the independent carcinogens.
In addition, the industry has clearly defined the height of the coke chamber, which is included in the list of fireplaces below 4.3 metres, which is still 35 per cent higher than the industry as a whole. Figure 17: Independent carcinogens produce 66 per cent of the capacity.
From 2018 to 2019, the provinces of Shanxi, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu and other provinces introduced a policy of degenerative capacity, which was very strong. The provinces of Shanxi, Hebei, and Shandong produced the highest amount of coke in terms of production, with 97 million tons of coke in 2019, representing the country’s total production.
20.6 per cent; 49.83 million tons in Hebei, or 10.6 per cent; 49.21 million tons in Shandong, or 10.4 per cent; and Jiangsu, which is located in the developed long triangle, will phase out and upgrade more polluting industries in the future. According to the policy paper, the provinces of Shanxi, Hebei, Shandong and Jiangsu will phase out 4,027 million and 1,000, respectively.
Ten thousand tons, 1686 million tons, and 18 million tons, of which Shanxi Province is likely to be able to replace its capacity with coal-fired resources, with a low net exit capacity. In aggregate, the three provinces of Hebei, Shandong, and Jiangsu are the main future exits, with a combined capacity of 4.48 million tons, or about 7% of the total.
Demand is rising steadily, coke prices are expected to remain high, iron and steel are growing at a steady rate, and demand for coke is supported. About 85% of domestic coke production is consumed by the steel industry, and iron and steel production is increasing, with demand for coke driven by the growth of raw iron and steel production.
The steel industry has also undergone supply-side reforms, but production of raw iron and steel has increased steadily, by 5% and 7% in 2019, still as a result of investment in real estate. With the transformation of the country’s economic structure and the deepening of the country’s “household-free” economy, raw iron and steel can continue to grow steadily, while generating demand for coke.
At the end of the day, the core of the coke industry will be stronger, and the supply and demand base will be better in the future. From the price transfer mechanism of the coal-coated steel chain, we believe that steel prices will remain high in the future, that they will be tolerant of coke, and that the coal-cooling industry itself will be healthy in its own basics, and that the price of the coal-cooling industry will be high.
Bits of operation also supports the price of coke.4 Flyers business: contribution companies make a major profit, benefit from industrial growth space 4.1, focus on the development of the Flys industry chain, and continue to increase the scale of production capacity
The industry chain is an important part of the company ' s chain of circular economics, but it also marks the company ' s strategic direction from the traditional coalification industry (coalene industry) to the modern coal industry (coal hydrocarbons).
Combined with coal gas, it is synthesized into methanol, recombined through the dmto process and separated into products such as polyethylene, polypropylene and by-products carbon4 and carbon5. The company currently has 1.7 million tonnes/year methanol, 300,000 tonnes/year polyethyl hydrocarbons, which are about to be completed and will add 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol (of which 400,000 tonnes/year precision methanol),
300,000 tonnes/year polyethylene and 300,000 tonnes/year polypropylene production capacity. In addition, according to the company ' s plan, in the next five years, the company will build four new units of acetylene, which will produce 10 million tonnes of methanol/year, 3 million tonnes of acrylic production, and will continue to do a large production chain of acrylic hydrocarbons/year.
4.2 The production of acetylene is made by the high self-sufficiency of the raw material and its cost is significantly lower than that of the outsourcing, as a result of the company's revolving industrial chain.
In the case of last-step synthesizing methanol, the self-sufficiency rate for methanol was close to 90% in 2018, and the cost of own-production raw materials was only 1234 yuan per ton, 810 yuan per ton less than the cost of foreign procurement of methanol, which was 40% cheaper. For the large-scale companies, the China Senghua Head Coal Industries and the China Coal Energy Coal Industries Coal Industries Coal Industries, the largest coal-rich industry, Bo Fong Energy.
The cost of polyethylene production in 2018, for example, was $4617 per ton, which is significantly lower than the amount of $5447 per ton in China and the amount of $6265 per ton in China ' s coal energy; in terms of tons of Maori, it was $3522 per ton, which is significantly higher than in China ' s ton.
At Māori level, the company ' s Māori rate is 43 per cent, which is well above 27 per cent of the Chinese godship and 23 per cent of the Chinese coal energy source. Figure 29: Māori from the company ' s polyethylene ton is significantly higher than that of its peers (MW/T).
Figure 30: The company ' s polypropylene ton is significantly higher than its peers ' (RM/t) 4.3, ipo to raise funds to further strengthen the industry chain of the bigaline ton/year. The project will result in 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol (of which 400,000 tonnes/year sperm) being added to the company upon completion of the project
Methanol, 300,000 tonnes/year polyethylene, 300,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, which indicates that the company will extend the industrial chain further, passing on the monocoalization industry to the modern coalification industry. The company’s new project is based on coke, producing crude gas synthetic methanol through powdered pressure gasification, with the exception of some mto grade methanol distillation (400 tonnes/year).
The company integrates coke products from the coke production chain into the HFO industry chain and upgrades the processing of less-value-added coke products to higher value-added HFA products, which will contribute more to the company’s profits.
Figure 31: Corporate ipo fund-raising project - process flow chart for the coke-gas-based hydrocarbons project 4.4. Analysis of the industry: high import dependency, high domestic coal-based hydrocarbon development space.
The high and low yields are often regarded as indicators of a country’s petrochemical industry’s development. The main routes for the production of acetylene are three main processes: monocetylene, coal-based and propane dehydrocylene (pdh), whose production of ethylene and acetylene is based on petrocephalic oil, which has been the main route for the production of acetylene.
The current energy situation, the high dependency of crude oil imports, from the point of view of national energy security, is to take full advantage of domestic coal resources, vigorously develop the new technology industry for coal-chemicals, compensate for the shortage of fossil fuels, reduce the cost of petrochemical products, and create a market pattern that complements traditional petrochemical industries and competes in an orderly manner.
A coal-based methanol-based acrylic acrylic device, the Shinto-Bob 600,000 tons project, has been put into production at a fast pace. By the first quarter of 2019, the coal-based acrylic acrylic acrylic production capacity was 13.36 million tons/year, with a combined growth rate of 47 per cent between 2010 and 2018 and a steady increase in recent years.
Domestic production of polyolefins is insufficient and import dependence remains high. Oil-based hydrocarbons remain the dominant, but subject to a low level of domestic crude oil resources, which is mainly used for refining manufactured oil, making domestic crude oil production unable to meet market demand.
Tons increased to 29,67 million tonnes, with a composite growth rate of 7.16%; polypropylene watch consumption increased from 12,95 million tonnes to 2,389,000 tonnes, with a composite growth rate of 7.95%. The supply and demand gap due to high-speed consumption growth can only be filled by imports, resulting in higher import dependency of polyvinylcarbons, for example, in 2018, with a total of 1403 polyethylene imports in the country.
Tens of thousands of tons, with import dependence of 49.5%, polypropylene imports of 3.28 million tons, and relatively low import dependence of 5%, and company-deeping modern coal industry, which will be a priority beneficiary of the national energy strategy, are trends in the development of the national energy strategy. Coal dominates the energy structure of the country.
Status, while coal has gradually declined in our primary energy consumption, it will remain the largest source of energy for a considerable period of time, and its use remains significant. In 2018, our oil external dependence was close to 70%, so that the energy supply structure is not conducive to the country’s energy security and the development of oil and gas alternatives through coal-chemicals.
The transformation of coal companies has accelerated, extending to downstream and higher-value-added industrial chains.
Over the years, coal companies have actively sought to diversify their development paths, promoting the integration of coal enterprises with downstream industries, new technologies and new industries through merger restructuring, equity participation, strategic cooperation, asset pooling, etc.
From traditional coal mining to modern industrial systems, coal-based, coal power, coal steel, coalification, building materials, new energy, etc., is the initial pattern of co-development. The transition to coal power integration has been successful in the form of “yellow flowers of yesterday.”
One is that for many years coal and electricity companies have become “cows” with the economic cycle, and have always experienced good and bad returns. As the state strongly supports the merger restructuring of coal and electricity companies, coal pools, cross-stocking, and the approval of projects to build pit power plants, coal power has been integrated.
Large coal companies have been formed, and have shown remarkable success in containing fluctuations in the performance cycle, particularly in the case of China. However, the dividend wave of coal power integration has passed, the state has begun to limit and decapitate its power generation capacity, and upstream enterprises such as coal must find new strategies.
The process of coal integration (modern coal industry) has been a positive development. Coal industry has been an important step in the development of coal industries downstream, but before it was more inclined towards traditional coal industries, i.e. coal cokering, industrial chains, highly compatible with the steel industry chain, which has grown at a very high rate with the domestic economy.
Real estate and infrastructure projects are related to the context of the times. But traditional coal-chemicals have a number of disadvantages, both environmental pollution and low thresholds, product value addition, and, in the future, demand growth in the steel industry chain may slow down, affecting the growth space of the coal-carrying industry chain as the structure of the domestic economy evolves.
Modern coal industry has become an important direction in the transformation of upstream enterprises, such as coal, supported by national energy strategies, high entry thresholds with industrial barriers, high domestic demand and supply gaps in the industry chain.
A coal-fired hydrocarbon project, such as the Chinese Shunhua, the Chinese coal energy industry, and the Luangzhou coal industry. Modern coal industry may be another dividend and a blowpoint for the coal industry’s transformation.
The combined cycle economics industry chain, the intensive deployment of the modern coal industry, and the completion of the ipo project “Calco-gasification 600,000 tonnes/year of brothic hydrocarbons” will mark the firm's further deepening of the transition from traditional to modern coal-chemicals, in line with the important direction of the national energy strategy. According to the company's announcement, the company will continue to expand coal-based hydrocarbons in the future.
In the future, the company will further improve the chain of circular economy industries, expanding the scale of the coal industry, and, according to the company's plan, it will also draw up more sophisticated chemical industrial chains, such as the construction of styrene, acetylene, abs, mma, etc.
The key assumption is that the growth in corporate operating income in 2020 is mainly due to the completion of the 600,000-ton coke-gas-based hydrocarbon project. Given the project’s post-partum delivery, there will be a certain increase in sales of the business.
The primary coal self-sufficiency rate is expected to increase further in 2020, with a reduction in the cost per unit of major products. We expect the company to sell 4.52 million tons of coke in 2019-2021 and 36, 55, 600,000 tons in polyethylene and polypropylene, respectively.
Polyvinylene prices per unit were 7500, 7400, 7900, and polypropylene at 7900, 7400, yuan/tonne, and polypropylene at 4500, 4300, 4500.In conjunction with the restructuring of corporate products, but due to the recent decline in international crude oil prices, there is some impact on the prices of the yety hydrocarbons products.
Investment proposals: The company, as the lead industry in the domestic coal industry, has built a complete multi-combined cycle of economic industries that achieve a high level of self-sufficiency and good profitability of raw materials. The company’s 600,000 tons of coke-gas-based hydrocarbons project, four companies close to the company’s business, American Energy, Shanxi Caring, Equity, Gold Energy Technology, Company’s activities.
The first was 16.8 times higher than the average of 2019 for comparable companies, 11.7 times higher than the average of 2019 for companies, 2.97 times the pb, and 1.6 times more than the same, and we believe that the company has more projects to produce, and that the company is in the making in the long term, and is expanding the modern coal-chemicals layout, similar to the American-American energy industry.
The company is in the coal industry and is mainly involved in the production and marketing of modern coal-based products, mainly in the three main categories of hydrocarbon products, caramel products, and fine chemical products. The company's main product prices are subject to macroeconomy.
The effects of factors such as changes in the domestic market balance of supply and demand, fluctuations in oil and coal prices, and downstream market demand fluctuations are greater. If these factors lead to adverse changes in the prices of corporate hydrocarbons and coke products, they will inevitably have a negative impact on the profitability and business performance of the public administration.
The company’s main raw materials are coal, coke, and methanol. The company secures the supply of raw materials by producing and outsourcing, and the demand for raw coal, methanol, coke, and other raw materials may increase further in the future, as the company’s carbon gasification project of 600,000 tons/year-old HFO is completed.
Large price fluctuations in coal, methanol, coke, and other raw materials may have a certain impact on the company’s Māori rate for modern coal-chemical products, creating uncertainty about the company’s profitability, which in turn results in less than anticipated construction of new projects.
This is expected to increase production by 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol, 300,000 tonnes/year polyethylene, 300,000 tonnes/year polypropylene, 400,000 tonnes/year methanol.