Equity Research · Company
Three-Circle Group
A leader in advanced ceramics
(300408)
Three-Circle Group takes lead in the production and sales of ceramic-
Rating
Buy
based optical communications components, alumina ceramic
substrates and ceramic matrices used in resistors.
Issuing analyst:
Steven Liu, CFA, PhD (CE No.: AMO971)
Ceramic chassis. Three-Circle Group is well placed to benefit from the
would-be introduction of ceramic housing by China's incumbent "big
three" smartphone makers, Huawei, Oppo and Vivo, as different from its
domestic peers, Three-Circle Group is self-sufficient in ceramic powder,
able to produce 1mn pieces of ceramic chassis per month.
Share price performance
Multilayer ceramic capacitors (MLCC). A dearth of MLCC supply
estimated to last for at least a year and a half compounded by a surge in
the prices of palladium, a key ingredient of MLCC, together with
increasing demand emanating from such burgeoning areas as EV and
auto electronics and the growing use of passive components for
smartphones, would spur and sustain a MLCC price upturn, in our view,
providing tailwinds for Three-Circle Group, whose MLCC division earned
around RMB100mn in 2016, accounting for 4% of its full-year revenue.
Ceramic-based optical communications components. With gross margin
exceeding 50%, the company's fiber optic ceramic ferrules and sleeves
business claimed a market share of more than 80% by year-end 2017, up
from the previous 50%, thanks mainly to a practice of price-cutting since
the beginning of 2016 on the back of its self-sufficiency in ceramic
powder and economies of scale. Looking ahead, as 5G deployment is
imminent which will dial up demand for optical communications
components, the company may as well make a U-turn in its pricing
strategy, in our view.
Electroceramic packaging. Three-Circle Group's semiconductor devices
unit (including electroceramic packaging) recorded a 2016 operating
revenue of RMB600mn, a far cry compared to about RMB14.1bn for that
of Kyocera. Hence, there is plenty of scope for Three-Circle Group to keep
up with its arch rival.
Earnings forecast. We predict Three-Circle Group to have net profit
attributable to the parent of RMB1.078bn/1.551bn/2.111bn for 2017-
2019, corresponding to EPS of RMB0.62/0.90/1.22 and 35x/24x/18x PER.
Our six-month target price of RMB29.60 is based on a 33x PER for 2018.
Upgrade to Buy.
Listed company in-depth
Contents
Listed company in-depth
An electroceramics heavyweight with superior earnings performance
Chaozhou Three-Circle Group Co., Ltd. ("Three-Circle Group"), a bellwether in the ceramic industry, is now focused on
electroceramics with products spanning fiber optic ceramic ferrules and sleeves, fuel cell membranes, electroceramic
and listed in 2014.
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Three-Circle Group boasts to be the world's biggest producer and seller of ceramic-based optical communications
components, alumina ceramic substrates and ceramic matrices used in resistors and the only manufacturer in China
capable of mass production of electroceramic packaging, taking the largest domestic market share in compressor
connectors as well.
Listed company in-depth
The company racked up operating revenues of RMB2.2bn/2.49bn/2.89bn in 2014/2015/2016, up 8.7%/13.13%/16.00%
YoY, translating into net profits of RMB650mn/880mn/1.06bn, up 14%/35%/21% YoY.
Source: Three-Circle Group's announcements, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Three-Circle Group's announcements, Research Dept, CSCI
In terms of 2016 net profit, Three-Circle Group was the champion among 30 A-share electronic component makers,
ranked No.3 among these companies with respect to gross margin during the 2013-2016 period.
Listed company in-depth
Optical communications components, semiconductor devices, electronic component materials and fuel cell membranes
constituted the mainstay of Three-Circle Group's 2016 revenue.
Ceramic chassis/MLCC
Ceramic chassis
Metal as a conductor will absorb or reflect radio waves and thus causes wireless interference. As a result, ceramic and
glass chassis, which are free of such an off-putting nature while bestowed with properties such as high rigidity and
excellent surface polish, are gaining in popularity among smartphone makers as the world ushers in the new era of
wireless charging and 5G.
Source: zol.com.cn, Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Global shipments of smartphones came to 1.517bn units in 2017 and look set to reach 1.744bn by 2021, according to
IDC's forecast. This could hint at a ceramic chassis market size of RMB31.4bn by 2021 on an assumed penetration rate
of 30% and a unit price of RMB60.
Source: IDC, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: xincailiao.com, Research Dept, CSCI
China as it stands still relies heavily on the import of ceramic powder. But Three-Circle Group is an exception. The
company possesses proprietary technologies throughout the zirconia powder production process with effective cost and
yield control, able to produce 1mn pieces of high performance ceramic chassis per month, and is thus best placed to
benefit from the would-be introduction of ceramic housing by China's incumbent "big three" smartphone makers,
Huawei, Oppo and Vivo.
MLCC
A dearth of MLCC supply not least from Japanese manufacturers like Murata, the biggest MLCC producer in the world,
is estimated to last for at least a year and a half. This, compounded by a surge in the prices of palladium, a key ingredient
of MLCC, together with increasing demands emanating from such burgeoning areas as EV and auto electronics and the
growing use of passive components for smartphones, would spur and sustain a MLCC price upturn, in our view, providing
tailwinds for Three-Circle Group, whose MLCC division earned around RMB100mn in 2016, accounting for 4% of its full-
year revenue.
Listed company in-depth
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Ceramic-based optical communications components/electroceramic
packaging
Ceramic-based optical communications components
We are living in a world where 5G commercialization is approaching fast, FTTH implementations are gathering pace, and
the DC construction boom is in full charge. These all fire up demand for fiber optic ceramic ferrules, an indispensable
part of fiber optic connectors.
China's fiber optic ceramic ferrules market is the largest in the world, with an output of 2.25bn in 2015 and set to grow
at a CAGR of 15% to reach 3.434bn by 2018.
Source: chyxx.com, Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Figure 10: How fiber optic ceramic ferrules are produced
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Three-Circle Group's prospectus, Research Dept, CSCI
Three-Circle Group, already a recognized global leader in fiber optic ceramic ferrules, boasts a client roster of famous
international fiber optic connector vendors such as TE Connectivity, Amphenol Industrial, HUBER+SUHNER and Radiall.
With an eye-catching gross margin of above 50%, the company's fiber optic ceramic ferrules and sleeves business
claimed a market share of more than 80% by year-end 2017, up from the previous 50%, thanks mainly to a practice of
price-cutting since the beginning of 2016 on the back of its self-sufficiency in ceramic powder and economies of scale.
Looking ahead, as 5G deployment is imminent which will dial up demand for optical communications components, the
company may as well make a U-turn in its pricing strategy, in our view.
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Electroceramic packaging
Three-Circle Group is the only manufacturer in China capable of volume production of ceramic packaging for surface-
mount devices (SMDs), a core component of communications and digital products, counting Partron, NDK and Micro
Crystal as its customers.
There are only four companies in the world able to mass produce electroceramic packaging, namely, Kyocera, NSSED,
NTK and Three-Circle Group, with Kyocera having the largest market share and the broadest offering of product
categories.
Three-Circle Group's semiconductor devices unit (including electroceramic packaging) recorded a 2016 operating
revenue of RMB600mn, a far cry compared to about RMB14.1bn for that of Kyocera. Hence, there is plenty of scope for
Three-Circle Group to keep up with its arch rival.
Listed company in-depth
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Three-Circle Group's prospectus, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
R&D-driven innovator
The global advanced ceramics market reached a size of USD61bn in 2016, significantly up from USD34bn in 2006, and is
expected to further expand to USD68bn by 2018, according to Roland Berger.
With such an upbeat picture in mind, Three-Circle Group is proactively opening up new avenues of growth in areas such
as 5G, biomedicine and environmental protection to achieve sustainable development.
Like its leading global peers, Three-Circle Group invests more than 3% of its annual operating revenue into R&D, bringing
out new products every two or three years to bolster earnings growth. The company has established a research institute
alongside a more than 600-strong R&D team, covering a wide-ranging variety of cutting-edge technologies and futuristic
subjects.
Listed company in-depth
Source: Three-Circle Group's website, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Three-Circle Group's announcements, Research Dept, CSCI
Source: Roland Berger, Research Dept, CSCI
Listed company in-depth
Source: Three-Circle Group, Research Dept, CSCI
Earnings forecast
We predict Three-Circle Group to have net profit attributable to the parent of RMB1.078bn/1.551bn/2.111bn for 2017-
2019, corresponding to EPS of RMB0.62/0.90/1.22 and 35x/24x/18x PER. Our six-month target price of RMB29.60 is
based on a 33x PER for 2018. Upgrade to Buy.
Source: Research Dept, CSCI
Risk factors
Demand from the optical communications sector and deployment in the smartphone area may fall short of expectations.
Financial forecast
Listed company in-depth
Research
Institutional Sales & Trading
LIU Taisheng, Steven
XIANG Xinrong, Ron
TMT
HO Wen Hao, Jack
CHAN Ka Yeung, Duncan
Commodity
WANG Zhuo, Gary
TIAN Yang
Automotive
LEE Ying Ju, Rose
SUN Lingxiao, Roger
LI Jiageng, Mike
Industrials
XIA Tian
YAO Xue, Snowy
Power & coal
XU Xiaowei, Vincent
SHEN Xiangfei, Thomas
XU Qiwen
Listed company in-depth
Company Rating Definition
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index; Time Horizon: 12 months
12-month absolute total return: >=10%
Buy
Hold
12-month absolute total return: >-10% but <10%
Sell
12-month absolute total return: <=-10%
Disclosure of Interests
As of the date of this report,
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of this report hereby certify that:
the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the personal views of each such analyst about the subject securities and
(i)
issuers; and
(ii)
no part of the analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this research report.
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation of all or part of this report, or his/her associate(s), do not have any interest
(including any direct or indirect ownership of securities, arrangement for financial accommodation or serving as an officer) in any company
mentioned in this report,
This report has been produced in its entirety by China Securities (International) Brokerage Company Limited ("China Securities (International)")
(CE Number: BAU373, regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong)
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities have no financial interest, in aggregate, equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization
in the stocks reviewed in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
months from listed corporations whose stocks are being reviewed by China Securities (International) in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities do not have any individual employed by or associated with them serving as an officer of a
listed corporation whose stocks are being reviewed by China Securities (International) in this report.
China Securities (International) and each of its group companies that carry on a business in Hong Kong in investment banking, proprietary
trading or agency broking in relation to securities may act as the market markers in the stocks reviewed by China Securities (International) in
this report.
Disclaimer
This report is for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer to sell or to solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities in
any jurisdiction. The securities referred to in this research report may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This information contained in
this report has been compiled by China Securities (International) from sources that it believes to be reliable and the opinions, analysis, forecasts,
projections and expectations contained in this report are based on such information and are expressions of belief only and no representation, warranty
or guarantee is made or given by China Securities (International) or any person for its accuracy or completeness. All opinions and estimates expressed
in this report are (unless otherwise indicated) entirely those of China Securities (International) as of the date of this report only and are subject to
change without notice. Such opinions and estimates may be different from or contrary to the opinions presented by the other business departments,
units or affiliates of China Securities (International), as different assumptions and standards, different views and analytical methods may be adopted
in the preparation of such other materials, and China Securities (International) is under no obligation to bring such other materials to the attention of
any recipient of this report. Neither China Securities (International) nor its holding companies and affiliates accept any liability whatsoever for any
direct or consequential loss arising from any use of material contained in this report or otherwise arising in connection therewith.
Any investment referred to herein may involve significant risk, may be illiquid and may not be suitable for all investors. The value of or income from
any investment referred to herein may fluctuate and be affected by changes in exchange rates. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors are
expected to make their own investment decision without relying on this publication. Before entering into any transactions in any securities referred
to in this research report investor should consider their own individual investment objectives and financial situation and seek professional financial,
tax and legal advice, as necessary.
This report is strictly confidential to the recipient. It is being supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed
or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose. The distribution of this report in other
jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and persons into whose possession this report comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such
restrictions. By accepting this report you agree to be bound by the foregoing instructions.
China Securities (International) Research
18/F, Two Exchange Square, Central, Hong Kong
Bloomberg: CSCR