\triangleright group (000333) profit of $8.474 billion, i.e. +0.33 per cent, net profit of $8.374 billion for deductions and later return to the mother,
In the first three quarters, income from domestic and foreign sales was +6.7/+3.0%, respectively. Colmo collected $5.97 billion.
B ends of business diversification accelerates development. Tob ends, q3 industrial technology/buildings, technology/robots and automation/digital innovation revenues are the same as in Indo-St.
In terms of technology, the United States European thermal pump production research and development base is officially set up in Italy, with a projected annual capacity of 300,000 pumps, and the company expects the base to be operational in the second quarter of 2024;
China q3 has taken orders of €36.9/982 million to achieve sales revenue of €27.7.645 billion, and the Māori rate has increased steadily. q3 companies have achieved Māori sales rates of 24.63 per cent, compared to +1.02 pt, compared to the Māori rates in the previous three quarters.
Short-term borrowing has increased and stock levels have declined. 1) q3 end-of-period corporate money + transactional finance mainly due to the digestion of high prior-period inventories; q3 end-of-term total payable notes and accounts payable
Risk factors: the price of raw materials continues to rise, the epidemic has caused sales production to stagnate, overseas, building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
In 2015 and 2017, new wealth came to light in the tp-link hardware development sector. In July 2020, the Union’s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was joined to conduct research in the home power industry.
In 2022, he joined the Sindam voucher for research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components.
Uko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London. Joined Sinda Securities in 2022 to study the household appliances industry, covering mainly cleaning appliances and cooking panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.