Center for Resources and Environmental Research
(600011.sh) Buying (first rating) how's the fire going?
In 25 years, the country's peak load is expected to reach 1.5 million kilowatts. To avoid limiting the frequency of electricity and maintain the balance of electricity, the coal power supply is about 280 million kilowatts.
(Consideration has been made of about 700 million kilowatts of nuclear power installed), which is 150-200 million kilowatts or extra-expected space compared to the 14-year plan. 2) Fire power as a high-controlr power source type, using top/down backups to level off fluctuations in green power output; helping green power to obtain a premium on the spot market to make its regulatory capacity realizable.
For the power pole, which is expected to be the main engine of a coal-loading machine, we expect a short-term profit repair in 22-24 years for coal prices and market-based electricity prices, which will long-term support the power-to-fire conversion model. 1) The 100% Inner Trade and Coal + the Imported Coal Emergency Guarantee Contract is the essence of the policy.
On the basis of a neutral assumption that the company is expected to enter the stove at a unit price of $1103 per tonne per year, business and spot market transactions can further fully reflect the power supply and demand tension, and the company is expected to have marketized electricity prices equal to 1h22 throughout the year, floating between 20% and 0.487 yuan/kwh from the top of the base price; 3)
In the context of the transition regulation of power sources and the decline in the number of hours used, the projected capacity electricity price is “at a price supplement” to compensate for the impact on performance of electricity losses. The matching cost to be paid under different fuel cost assumptions is approximately 0.13 ~0.17/kwh.
The company's transformation of green power targets is clear. At the end of the 14th Five, the company's green loader planning target is 54gw, which is higher in the five majors' listed platforms. The current windlight assembly is 16.9gw, 22-24 years. Wind resources (1h22 per cent) have risen to 25.3 per cent, leading the wind-power-profit industry (21 years wind)
Fire power plants and electricity are not as planned, coal prices are falling as expected, electricity prices are not as high as expected 1. Fire power is an absolute pole, green power is turned on.
As of 1h22, the company had 12,2199,000 kW of controlled power installed, of which 1,224,300 kW and 92,467,000 kW of gas and coal units, together accounting for 85.7% of the total, and the green power transition is challenging compared to comparable companies.
1248.1 thousand kilowatts (3.161 million kilowatts of offshore wind) and 447.8 thousand kilowatts of light voltage. Wind, light and light are about 7:3 and as wind and power resources tighten, installed structures may be transformed.
The demand for fire power has been re-emphasized, with investment in 1h22 heating. The power supply in the fire and electricity sector should be tight in 2002-2005. With the rapid increase in approved and delivered production, the transition to a basic balance between supply and demand has been gradual in the period of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan.
The number of hours used has declined year by year, and the Circular on the Promotion of an Orderly Development of Coal Power in the country proposes to control the scale of the coal electricity increase, calling the coal power projects off, and the amount of investment in fire power has fallen year after year during the 13th Five-Year Period. With the dual demand for energy “save + peaks,” the investment in coal power has started to rise since the first half of this year.
The annual increase continued, with the completion of 34.7 billion yuan in the national investment in electricity and fire, an increase of 71.8 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the epidemic has declined, the tertiary sector has improved, the residential sector and the secondary sector have increased their electrification levels, and it is expected that the elasticity factor for electricity consumption will be greater than 1 for the entire society during the 14th Five-Year Period. Based on the assumption of an average annual increase of 4.5-5% for gdp during the 14th Five-Year Period and an elasticity factor for electricity consumption of 1.1, the demand for electricity for the entire community is estimated to be greater than 1.
The power balance still requires power from the fire.
Electricity operations require real-time balance, with peak loads on fire demand or overplanning expectations. Because electricity can be stored in large quantities, power supply and demand should be balanced in real time, imbalances will cause power systems to lose stability, collapse, and even major power outages.
Models should match the peak load. 22m7 peak loads are about 1.25 billion kilowatts, and if the film is removed, they will be close to 1.3 billion kilowatts. By 5%, peak loads will reach 1.5 billion kilowatts by 25 years. According to the nuclear load plan, it is expected to reach 70 million kilowatts in 25 years.
The demand is 1.43 billion kilowatts, corresponding to 280 million kilowatts of coal power-loading. “145  power system transitions coincide with extreme weather events, low levels of renewable energy efficiency, and fire roofs.
Between 2016 and 2021, the share of new energy installed, power generated and the share of power installed on fire continued to decline. In March 2021, the ninth meeting of the Central Finance and Economics Commission explicitly proposed the construction of a “new power system” consisting of new sources of energy and coal.
The long-term downward trend in the number of hours spent on electric power units is a logical consequence of the transformation of power systems. However, new energy sources generate electricity with volatile, random and intermittent characteristics; extreme weather events in recent years have increased their volatility.
The average number of hours per year used by the electric power unit has risen somewhat in the current situation where the alternative effects of renewable energy sources are less than expected and require a supply of a fire-bed. Figure 9: Average number of hours spent on electric power and power equipment nationwide, 2011-2021
Figure 10: The coal-fired unit and the national coal-fired unit 2.2 Fire power + Green power pool, 2018-2021. The 14th Five-Five Fire power will show a build-up faster than the power increase, and the modem function will become more visible. We do.
On the basis of fixed wind and PV targets, the demand for electric power is pushed backwards based on electricity demand projections, assuming that the use of hours will fall over several years, it is expected that the number of additional installed units during the “145” period will remain relatively stable at 41 million to 43 million kilowatts, that the speed of installation will be higher than the power increase, and that the regulating function will become more prominent.
Figure 11: "145" Fire power generation, installation prediction (millions of kW/per cent)  Fire power has a variety of modifier functions, such as amplitude, frequency, etc. (1) Peak: given the uncertainty of system loads, the total capacity of the engine openings in operation should be greater than the system load requirements, and the minimum capacity of the unit should be total.
and should be less than the system load requirement and the deviation is called standby, divided into top and bottom backups (downtime capacity dependent on flexibility for adaptation). (2) FM: rapid adjustment (frequency requirements are higher than peaks) of aircrews as the load of the power system fluctuates.
To provide support services, the unit needs to lock in a portion of its capacity in advance and not provide electrical energy services. Therefore, the distribution of transactions between electricity and the auxiliary services market should be considered together to improve the efficiency of resource allocation.
Figure 12: Fire power regulation map Green electricity digestion from guaranteed acquisition to market-based trading. In order to ensure a comparative advantage in high-cost green power plants in the early stages of development, the grid has been approved to guarantee the use of electricity within hours to buy all the shares.
The purchase of the guaranteed price, with no worries, and the rate of return determined. After Message No. 1439, the user side entered the market and the size of the market expanded, the power grid’s role was further converted to a proxy, guaranteeing a long-term reduction in the quantity of electricity purchased, meaning that more green power would be traded on the market (the amount of electricity sold and the price of electricity would be placed on the market).
Green power cannot be predicted accurately, and it still needs to be traded in the market through a price offer, forming a spear shield, which is the main cause of its profit fluctuations. The contract volume, the current volume, the real-time amount reflective of different time scales in the spot market, the price difference between the two unmatched parts.
Two scenarios include: (1) high midday voltage and low power loads, resulting in power outages or zero prices; and (2) a rapid and below-expected reduction in nighttime photovoltaic power, with a peak in power load, which would require high market prices for electricity performance in order to avoid bias.
One of the solutions is to find a controlled power source (fire power) pool and bundle the power. Using the above-mentioned power-regulating function, the power can be used to provide a dissipating space for light voltage by reducing the value of the power grain to a minimum; the power peak can be used as a replacement for green power to complete the agreed amount. From the point of view of the controlable power source, the power is not available.
Question is the most appropriate; the outlook for the application of pumped water storage is currently clear from the point of view of storage replacement. Figure 13: The power spot market electricity settlement mechanism chart 3 and the rise in coal prices + electricity prices are expected to lead to improved fire power performance
3.1 The epidemic and the high cost of imported coal are being dragged on, 1h22 electric power is being used for profit, 1h22 electric power is being used as a power source to support the company's steady income, and in recent years profit-reductions have been caused by higher coal prices and insufficient transmission.
And the price of electricity is not adequate for the fuel, and coal prices have been rising steadily since 20q4; 1h22, while the price of coal has fallen somewhat over 21q4, remains high. 1h21/1h22 company units are burning.
The material costs were 250.3 and 376.7 yuan/megawatt hours, with an increase of 11.8 per cent and 50.5 per cent, respectively, respectively, and 20.7 per cent of the same price adjustment range, neither speed nor cost of fuel, which directly led to performance pressure. 1h22 generation capacity was temporarily affected by the epidemic and renewable energy generation, which declined somewhat. 1h22 can again be used.
The increase in the demand for electricity generated by raw energy and the impact of the epidemic on society as a whole has slowed, with the number of hours spent and the amount of electricity used by the nation as a whole - 6.1 per cent (a reduction of 133 hours)/-3.9 per cent, respectively; the number of hours spent by the company has decreased by 220 hours on the same basis, which is greater than the industry average, mainly because of Shanghai, Jiangsu and Guangdong III.
Intra-provincial units generated 21.6% of electricity, which is recombinantly high with the epidemic region. 1h22 import coal prices, which keep fuel costs high: 1h22 import coal prices are high as a result of the ban on Indonesian exports in January and the conflict in the Russian Federation in February.
Domestic imports of powered coal have fallen by 39.8% on a year-on-year basis, coastal resources have decreased, and the prices of connected ports and production sites have increased. The company’s coastal power plant uses predominantly sewage coal, with an import of 9.18 million tons of powered coal, an increase of 15.04% in the ring, and an increase in unit fuel costs to suppress the performance of electricity.
3.2 Lower coal prices + lower coal consumption support reduced costs and improved performance resulting in a series of price-fixing policies, with a year-round reduction in the price of powered coal. 1) From an industry-wide perspective, the rise in coal production is the driving force behind the fall in coal prices. Imported coal is less than 5% of the country's total supply.
The average daily production of raw coal in the country in January-July was 12,083,000 tonnes per day, which met the target of 300 million tons of coal per day for the year as a whole. During the electric season in August, North Harbour powered coal stocks were not available.
The reversal of the price of coal and its historical high suggests that domestic pressure on the supply of and demand for power coal has been eased and protected for policy effectiveness. (2) From a corporate perspective, the pressure to reduce the high price of coal has been largely reduced through the Intra-Trade Coal Association and the replenishment of the emergency insurance contract for imported coal.
Figure 28: Coal stocks in the North Harbour (tonnes)
Inner Coal Association: As of 1 May, DCRC's letter 303 was formally implemented, identifying reasonable areas for long-term trading prices for domestically produced coals. In early July, the Commission arranged for the deployment of long-term coupons for electric coals and the exchange of counter-signs, suggesting that the failure of the Association to comply since June should be strictly enforced.
Three articles; new cases of non-compliance in July, with a penalty of 10 per cent for the province, demonstrate the strength and determination of the State to implement the insurance policy.
The urgent guarantee mid- and long-term contract replenishment exercise, the circular on further clarification of matters related to the medium- and long-term contract replenishment of the imported coal contingency guarantee, which allocates 180 million tons of imported coal emergency guarantee medium- and long-term contracts to power groups with a high dependency on the imported coal; and establishes a maximum price not to exceed the duration of the medium- and long-term contract
The company’s demand for coal imports is relatively high. It expects to import 10 to 2022 tons of coal for the year 2022 to be contracted by the Association of Governors with foreign mines, which can cover almost all imports of coal for the year at an average cost of less than $1,100 per ton, and the company’s performance throughout the year (with green power) is expected to be reversed.
Coal price assumptions: (1) pessimistic assumption: the company achieves a 2 per cent reduction in electricity generation throughout the year, with coal generating power at 90 per cent of the planned volume; ACSCP contract coverage, 90 per cent compliance rate, and an emergency guarantee for imported coal at 75 per cent; (2) neutral assumption: the company achieves electricity generation equal to the planned level throughout the year.
Coal power generation ratio remains the same: CICP contract coverage, 95 per cent compliance rate, 90 per cent coverage rate for imported coal emergency protection contract; (3) optimistic assumption: companies achieve a 2 per cent higher level of electricity generation than planned throughout the year, and coal power generation ratio is the same; and CICA contract coverage, compliance rate, imported coal emergency coverage rate
The cost of electricity is assumed to be 20% above the top of the company ' s coal grid when the average cost of the market for the 5,500 calories is higher than $1,000 per tonne, as the increase in the price of electricity in 1h22 is largely driven by the high cost of coal.
i.e. 0.487/kWh; when the average market price is less than $1,000/t, the price of electricity falls to 18 per cent above the base price, i.e. 0.479/kWh. * Conclusion: taking into account the company's 1h22 wind power, photovolts combined to realize a net profit of about $3.7 billion, if in the second half of the year
With a market price of no more than 1,100 kcal/t, the year-round performance (including green power) is expected to be positive: long-term investment in the coal industry is weak, suppliers are not willing to expand, coal prices are set at $1,000/year, coal supplies shift from stress to surplus, and coal prices go down to four years.
After the supply side reforms in the carbon industry, coal prices recovered and remained relatively high until the second half of 2020. However, the completion of investments in the coal industry did not return to levels around 2010. The main reason was the clear trend in the clean-up transition and the lack of investor confidence in traditional fossil energy investments.
High prices, high profits for coal suppliers, the “price-based” mentality that led coal suppliers to expand their production, and the distribution and high quality of the company’s fire power assets. Fire power assets are located in 23 provinces, self-rule zones, and directly under the Central Government, with power plants located in economically developed coastal areas benefiting from locational advantages.
Coal procurement channels are diverse, fuel cost controls are strong, and it was a long-term advantage (import prices have fallen into a disadvantage this year). Foreign companies have fully owned and invested in one operating power company in Singapore and Pakistan.
Three hundred and seventy million yuan, representing a net profit of $620 million.  The timely shutdown of high-coal consumption units in previous years has led the current coal consumption index industry. The company's 1h22 aircraft, which consumes 286.04 g/kWh, continues to decline by 4.65 g/kWh over 21 years, thanks to a positive trend.
By the end of 21, over 600,000 kW in a company-controlled coal-fired unit had been installed by 54.8 per cent, and over 60 per cent of the capacity of the supercritical, supercritical assembly units.
61.100 million yuan. In the long term, the divestiture of inefficient assets has effectively reduced average electricity consumption and reduced the impact of fuel fluctuations on company performance: based on the assumption that the price of fuel for the rest of the company ' s fleet is the same as that for primary coal mining, the company ' s electricity consumption was maintained in the year 2021, when the price of power coal surged.
At 2019 levels, an additional $5.26 billion will be spent on fuel costs.
Looking back at the electricity changes that have taken place since the reform and opening up, market-based methods have been used to reconcile the supply and demand of electricity. The main dilemmas facing the electricity sector are: 1) higher rates of administrative intervention, insufficient commodity attributes of electricity, and failure to adequately reflect the current state of demand and supply of electricity; and 2) a high proportion of renewable energy.
The lack of a price mechanism for development, i.e. a market for auxiliary services, a market for capacity, a market for power transmission, etc., is lacking. The current Circular on Deepening the Market-based Reform of Electricity Prices for Coal-Firing (Simplified as “No. 1439) promotes market-based pricing of electricity on fire, and policies related to capacity-based electricity prices are still being developed.
Figure 37: Since 2005, the price of electricity has been revised upwards — the success of “mail 1439” in promoting the market pricing of fire power has been realized, with coal power participating in the spot market for electricity, selling electricity to high energy consumption and increasing the price of electricity by more than 20%. On October 12, 2021, when “letter 1439” was released, the price of electricity has increased by more than 20%.
In principle, coal-fired power generation is fully marketed, Internet-based electricity prices are formed through market transactions using a “base price plus float” mechanism, with up-and-down floating zones expanded to 20%, high-energy-consuming enterprises and electricity spot prices traded on the market are not subject to a 20% cap.
The average price of electricity on the Internet was 0.487 yuan/kWh, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period, which is better than expected: 1) the price of coal was higher than expected during the same period and the price of electricity was driven by the cost of fuel; 2) the price of electricity sold by companies to high-cost and capable enterprises in the Gansu region exceeded the 20 per cent cap; 3) participation in the electricity spot market and the use of the peak valley
The price difference achieves an increase of more than 20% in the price of traded electricity. The power price is more elastic to the company’s net profit.
The above-mentioned high prices are expected to be unsustainable in the context of lower coal prices. Given the cost and supply implications of higher electricity prices, it is expected that the price will be 20% higher in the context of lower coal prices.
For example, electricity prices in Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces, where electricity supply and demand were tight, increased and decreased in January-August, when average prices peaked in April (by more than 20%). Figure 39: Prices of power purchased by proxy in Guangdong Province in January-August 2022 (in yuan)
Figure 40: The proxy purchase price of electricity in Zhejiang province in January-August 2022
Energy efficiency. The ability to make a profit depends to a large extent on the amount of electricity generated by conventional fire units, and therefore the willingness of fire companies to lower the number of hours spent by the units is low. In addition, energy efficient machines have low and high fixed costs; low fixed costs and high variable costs of low energy efficient units.
The price of one electric power makes it possible for different energy-efficient units to consistently pursue maximum hours of use, raising the price of two electric units, which is the key to breaking the number of hours of use by a fire company. The price of two electric units includes the price of capacity and the price of electricity. The price of capacity is determined by the capacity of the plant, and the price of electricity is based on the capacity of the plant.
The capacity price is expected to break down the difficulties of the fire unit at a flat electricity price, provide a profit guarantee for the unit that provides a peak service, and encourage different market strategies for the engine unit that works differently.
Won/kWh. The use of hours is more elastic to the net profit. When the unit price of coal entering the stove is less than $1032/t, the pyrotechnic plate is expected to achieve a profit/loss balance. At this point, if the use of 1% of the hour falls, the net profit will decline by 149.8%, the company will lose the profit/loss.
The reduction in profits resulting from the decline in the number of hours is calculated at 0.15 kWh/kWh for the corresponding degree of electricity compensation. 4 of 0.13~0.16 kWh/kWh for capacity-price compensation areas are expected to be clear for the transformation of green electricity targets, based on different coal prices/price assumptions
4.1 The transformation results are beginning to emerge, with 1h22 green electricity earning offset to the pressure of a fire power loss. The company ' s wind and power capacity are growing rapidly, building a second-growth curve. As of 1h22, the company ' s wind power and PV were 1248.1, 4.47 million kilowatts, an increase of 65.7 per cent, respectively, as compared with the previous year.
45.1 per cent of wind power generation increased by 20.4 per cent and 43.8 per cent, respectively, over the same period, respectively, by 208.3 billion kWh and 3.58 billion kWh respectively.
Renewable energy subsidy recovery, with an improvement in net operating cash flow of 1h22. The company ' s net operating cash flow fell by 85.7 per cent in 2021 in comparison with the large losses in the fire power business.
Renewable energy subsidies have been reduced by the reduction of the ring for the recycling of fire and electricity, and corporate net cash flows have increased by 4.3% over the same period. Companies have maintained their annual yields at more than 100%, and their own blood capacity is stronger. As coal prices have fallen, performance has improved, and renewable energy subsidies continue to recover, cash has been recovered.
Figure 45: Net operating cash flows and net profits of companies (in billions of yuan) is guided by the “double carbon” target, with clear targets for new energy loading across the country.
The total number of wind and light-loading targets for the period has reached 690 million kilowatts, exceeding the target of 540 kilowatts for wind and light-loading set by the National Development Commission in its “XIV” Renewable Energy Development Plan.
Figure 47: 26 provinces, 14-minute wind, light-loading targets (thousands of kilowatts)
At its working session in early 2021, the Group proposed that new energy sources be installed during the “14th Five” period, amounting to 54 million kW; of this, wind power, light voltage targets were adjusted this year: 2021, subject to higher prices for photovoltaic components, tight construction resources, extreme weather and outbreaks
The impact of disruptions, the late onset of new energy indicators, and the company ' s actual addition of 323.2 million kilowatts of renewable energy installed, has fallen short of the target. Considering that some of the reloading of the 240-hour internal appraisal indicators was made available at the end of 2021 but not completed on an ongoing basis, the results of this year ' s new capacity are expected to be added at 1q22
The wind power industry has long been characterized by high technical and financial barriers, high industry entry thresholds, and participation is based on a country-owned background and strong financial resources.
According to a circular issued by the China-China ITU on the publication of the 2020 wind and power operations guidelines for the electricity sector, the energy industry has the second highest number of wind farms. With the construction and operation of new power plants, financial and technological barriers have increased and industries competed.
By the end of February 2022, the power plant developers could have counted integration and large base projects of about 306 million kilowatts in the form of a combination of wind and water fire hydrogen reserves, with central and state companies accounting for about 72% of the total, with “five, four, four,” power groups and China able to build, and China electricity.
Net cash flows have improved, financial costs have continued to be low, and multiple channels have been available to meet new energy investment needs. Corporate-owned businesses have been selling electricity and heat, and cash flows have been relatively good for a long time.
As a result of the subsidies granted by the Central Treasury to renewable energy sources, the net operating cash flow of the 1h22 company was 20.9 billion yuan, a significant recovery in the ring ratio. The capital expenditure plan, based on the 20% capital ratio, was sufficient to cover a total of 45.830 billion yuan in 2022.
At the performance exchange at the beginning of the year, the average annual capital expenditure on new energy for 23 to 24 years was $40 to $50 billion. In the face of operating pressures, it is expected that companies can still meet investment needs at a lower cost through a variety of channels. 1) Given that power enterprises are running on electricity security, the country has and will have many.
Measures to alleviate the situation of power-generating enterprises, such as subsidies for renewable energy from the central fiscal authority in the first half of the year and support for the release of a special debt of 200 billion yuan in energy insurance by the central electricity company, among others, proposed at the regular session of the State on 24 August; (2) the strong shareholder background of the company will give it some advantage in accessing resources for relief;)
As a result of the downside of macro-interest rates and the shift of financial resources towards green development, interest rates on corporate finance are 4.3 balanced, light-driven and more profitable.
Wind power 316.1 thousand kilowatts. According to the company's 14th Five-Year Installation Plan, wind power, light voltage will reach 321.3 million kilowatts by 2025, and 3251.2 thousand kilowatts, respectively, in a balanced proportion. 33.3 per cent and 57.6 per cent of the annual combined annual wind power and photovoltage rates are 33.3 per cent and 57.6 per cent, respectively.
▪ The two-line + two-line approach is guided by the sea and land, and wind and power operations are more profitable. In 2019, the energy conglomerate proposed a strategy to focus on the “two-line” “double” of new energy sources, namely, the construction of a large clean energy base for wind and coal transmission on the north line, and investment in the construction of an integrated maritime wind and power development belt on the east line.
The annual Māori rate for corporate wind power was 61.5 per cent, leading industry and rising steadily; The Māori rate for photovoltaic operations was 59.7 per cent, and middle industry. Given the high cost of sea wind access, the offshore wind power project, which was connected by 2021, continued to receive a central financial subsidy, and the company ' s 2021 wind.
There has been a marked increase in the Māori rate for electricity. For photovoltaic operations, solar power has a high cost-control capacity and a higher Māori rate for photovoltaic sales: in China, the Māori rate is higher than for average Internet access and lower drop-out rates.
Seawind resources are close to the eastern loading and economic centre, and the replacement of the state will last at least until the end of 2024. According to the Chinese Engineering Institute’s advisory research team, China’s biggest power load in the eastern and central region of China will reach 970 million kilowatts in 2030, requiring more than 360 million kilowatts of electricity, and will have to be transported “twice” and “twice”
China’s offshore wind energy resources are concentrated on the south-east coast and its surrounding islands, adjacent to the eastern loading centre, with wind density of almost 300 W/m2; large-scale development of offshore wind power can reduce the pressure on “west-to-west” and form a season with hydropower-led “west-to-west”
On 1 June 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission issued the 14th Five-Year Renewable Energy Development Plan, which aims to accelerate the development of offshore wind power clustering, with a focus on five major offshore wind power bases in Shandong Peninsula, Long Tricorn, Guannan, Kandong and Northern Bay.
To date, the provinces of Guangdong, Zhejiang, and Shandong have defined a provincial subsidy policy.
Local fiscal performance is better in the developed regions, with the provincial redistribution, which lasted at least until the end of 2024, having been reduced by photovolts based on technological innovations, and the cost continues to be higher. In the last 10 years, photovoltaic lcoe has dropped far more than wind power, while wind power resources have been more limited.
The profitability of operations, which has been hampered by high component prices in the short term, is still much more than the long term.5 The profitability forecast and investment proposal is 100/0/10 million kilowatt gas unit.
At the end of 2020, coal power installed amounted to 1.08 billion kilowatts, or 2.5 million kilowatts per year. On the other hand, in line with the Group's objective of adding approximately 27.191 million kilowatts to the electricity from fire by 2025, coal power accounted for 72.2 per cent, and will be new during the "145" period.
An increase of 1962.1 thousand kilowatts, or an average increase of 321.2 million kilowatts per year. Net electricity costs are 0.487 kWh/kWh, and the higher than expected majority is not driven by the fall in coal prices. Assuming that this is the dollar/kWh. Electricity prices forecasts take into account short-term power supply and demand constraints, high energy consumption and spot market delivery.
It is easy to increase some prices by more than 20 per cent to support average electricity prices, as well as to lower coal prices and lower supply and demand pressure on prices as a result of the increase in the power grid, and to forecast renewable energy revenues:
With regard to loading, the main hydroelectric platform under the company's non-group flag is expected to remain at 370,000 kW in accordance with the plans for wind + light + 24 million kW at the end of “1450.” With regard to the use of hours, 1h22 high temperatures of dry wind and light voltage are reduced in the number of hours used and light voltage is used in the number of hours.
The number of hours of wind use is expected to rise from year to year as the sea winds rise. In the case of electricity prices for , as the price of Internet access advances at par and the price of subsidized electricity decreases, it is expected that the price of photovoltaic access will be /0.464 (-0.024)/kWh. Considering that the price of wind access is higher and the slope is slower, the company will have to take into account the fact that it is less expensive.
The sea-winder ratio has been rising year by year, with wind power being projected to be 0.512 (+0)/0.510 (-0.02)  cost analysis: the company's fire and power operations are relatively large and are dominated by fuel costs.
At an average price of $800, 900, 1000, 1100 and 1,200 tonnes, the average annual price of coal entering the stove by the corresponding company was approximately 983, 1035, 1067, 1103, 1121 ton, at an average price of $1,100 ton, or 1103 ton per year for the 22 ton of coal entering the stove.
The ratio for coal power is 5.05 per cent (1h22 RMB/t). The 1h22 gas and electricity business realizes a pre-tax profit of $340 million, taking into account that the overall rate for gas and post-gas fire panels will be slightly higher than the rate for coal panels drops to RMB 1,000/t, and the unit price for coal on the stove will be below RMB 950/t and the rate will be further repaired.
(2) New energy: taking into account the combination of affordable access to the Internet and rising sea-winder ratios, the expected Māori scope and size of wind-power operations, the selection of the five major power-generating groups, China Electric International, Da-Tang Power generation and national electricity generation, the selection of green-loading units that dominate and have an advantage in the field of wind power
Enterprise power sources, tri-gorge energy. A company is expected to have an average of 15 times the average of 23 years and a median of 16 times the average of 23 years, given that the company has a clear target for switching green power from fire power, and that the pyrotechnic plate valuation is expected to be gradually repaired as performance improves by season, thus giving the company a 23-year p16-fold valuation.
The current target of "double carbon" is not loose, increasing coal, increasing carbon emissions while also providing regulatory functions. As new power is installed fast, the redundancy of the grid increases, and the need for spare space for the lighter is likely to decrease; pumping capacity is likely to be reduced.
The intensive production of power stations at the end of the 14th Five-Five, and the breakthrough in new storage technologies, may create a certain substitution for the power-regulating function and affect the power-loading of the fire. Moreover, as the number of hours is shifted, the use of the time may lead to a decline in electricity and an impact on performance.
Domestic coal production grew faster in the first half of the year, prices remained high, and the price of imported coal stagnated. In the second half of the year, there was uncertainty about the increase in domestic coal supply due to global energy supply constraints, environmental safety checks, epidemics, etc.
Policies such as full coverage, price mechanisms, etc. are not yet fully in place, import-coal contingency and medium- and long-term contracts are more difficult to replace, coal prices continue to operate at a high level, and there is room for price increases for fuel, which are not as risky as expected.
We judge that the overall supply of and demand for electricity in the 14th Five-Year Plan are tight, but the scope for the expected rise in the price of coal may also be affected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: