Base Chemical Group In-depth tracking: industry bottom building, planning for new directions. Company is a gas-chemical tap, forming urea, acetic acid, organamine, adipic acid, vinylamide,
Product systems, such as polyols, have increased significantly in abundance, the share of a single product has gradually fallen down, and the effects of a single product can be dispersed to a certain extent in the course of large cycle fluctuations.
The company plans to build a 300,000 tonnes/year tdi project at the Qingzhou base, with a total investment of $6,983.7 million.
“Walu Hisung-Il Company Review: The Impact of Repairs, Increased Competition, The Impact of Pressure Uplifting, and The Falling of Product Profit.” In tdi production, raw materials represent relative costs, 2024.10.30.
2. "Walousheingl's assessment of risk sustainability, long-term soundness and focus on soft power realization, process optimization, cost control, technological adaptation, integration.
Run, 2024.8.22 The advantages of management, among others, are expected to help companies achieve single-cost savings and investment efficiency gains.
The short-term price differential for butokol has fallen and the industry gained additional capacity in 2025. However, to be released by the end of the year, the short-term will be dominated by inter-zone fluctuations, and the start of the work is still at a relatively low level.
High-level, supply-side concentration changes will be a key factor in the profitability of this phase; in the medium term, there will be more productive additions in the industry and, in addition, business planning projects that will enter the new productive release phase, and the absorptive capacity of demand will be key to influencing the profitability nexus.
urea: Short-term entry into the bottom of the industry, cost support for urea prices, price adjustment space limited, new capacity added in 2025, and the pace of export and output release will be key. Organamine: dmf demand has not increased significantly for the time being, and industry pattern improvement will depend on supply
Acetic acid: in 2025, more than 3 million tons of acetic acid will be planned, supply pressures will increase, and production at the supply end will have an impact on profitability.
Academia: Industry enterprises are in a state of loss, and the pace of release of new production capacity needs to be observed. Company basics (RMB) Endamide: raw materials price up, production capacity is well supplied, product price differentials have fallen in recent years
Most of the company’s products are now in the bottom zone, and the price is only one step higher, supported by cost, than the supply digestion, and most products will have some scope for profit improvement.
Risk of deterioration of industry patterns; risk of high volatility of raw materials; under-required demand for products; Risk: risk of change in export policy.
First, the coal industry has diversified the chain, the product variety is rich, the company has a coal industry at its core, and the product has a multi-area extension.
The chain extension layout has resulted in the formation of major layout plates such as fertilizer, organochlorine, acetic acid, new materials, among which the new material area covers products such as carbonate series, herbic acid, adipic acid and industrial chains, intra-hydramide and industrial chains, polyols, etc. The company uses coal as its main raw material, forming a core supply chain with gasification and producing six major products with other petrochemical raw materials.
The series, unlike other coal-chemical industries, is connected to a company’s gas-chemical network, with a wide variety of product layouts and an amino-combined ability to effectively regulate the end product. Over the last three years, the company’s two-line layout has been active in the construction of the Jingzhou base, based on the company’s gasification advantages.
(b) On the other hand, the company's base in Texas has expanded its industrial chain, enriched product categories and optimized production efficiency by planning and constructing 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid and 300,000 tons of organochlorine at the Qingzhou base, building the base's niche platform and optimizing the production capacity of 520,000 tons of urea in November 2024;
The extension and expansion of the production capacity of products such as adipic acid, endylamine, carbonate, etc., has been achieved, with 52.66 million tons of adipic acid, 300,000 tons of ammonium, 600,000 tons of carbonate, and 200,000 tons of nylon 6. The company ' s multi-product layout has spread the risk, and the product system has been enriched.
For the most part, there has been a marked increase in product abundance, which has allowed the share of a single product to fall down gradually, allowing for a certain degree of fragmentation of the impact of a single product in the course of a significant industrial cycle.
Figure 3: Changes in the collection of sub-products of the company (millions of dollars) Figure 4: Changes in sales of sub-products of the company (tonnes) II. New planning for the tdi, and the realization of soft power is key to tracking the future
2.1. Tdi is a high barrier industry, where export supply to overseas tdi after the release of capacity is subject to two-way restrictions on process production and technology, with industry barriers being relatively high. Unlike generally quantitative works, tdi and mdi are somewhat similar and industry barriers are relatively high.
The requirements for process control have been raised, and unlike the average fine chemical product, the market for tdi is relatively large, the product needs to meet the continuous stability of scale production and the technical requirements are high. Here, the tdi's routine regulation of production requires the use of light gas, which is a highly toxic gas, and the country's management of light gas is extremely strict.
The application of the indicators is relatively difficult, and therefore tdi is subject to light-gas approval over the requirements of the production technology process, creating relatively higher barriers to products, which keep the number of enterprises in the industry at a relatively low level for many years. Industry concentration is relatively high, with a significant share of chemical production.
There are relatively few firms, and the concentration of the tdi sector has begun to increase significantly with the integration or exit of some firms in the industry, with about six of the country’s leading tdi producers, including two foreign firms, Basif and Kost, having gained enormous control in 2023. The concentration of the tdi sector has increased again, and the industry has now joined the cr3 industry.
Since 2018, domestic tdi installations have begun to show a significant trend of scale, overseas tdi devices have been affected by profit, and Germany, Japan, and Argentina continue to do so.
In 2024, China became the world’s largest producer of tdi capacity, 1.53 million tons, or about 47% of the world’s tdi production capacity, and in 2025 it moved into Hua Fukuchi and Chengzhou.
Companies such as Daization will be in the process of expansion or new capacity release, while it is expected that Coth's Shanghai base will be technologically expanded, leading to a significant increase in production capacity in 2025, and that the Chinese share of tdi capacity will be expected to rise to 58%. Figure 7: Global distribution of tdi capacity in 2024
Figure 8: In 2025, the projected global share of tdi capacity distribution in downstream applications, with sponge products accounting for more than 60 per cent, accompanied by a gradual recovery of consumption demand, a rise in tdi ' s domestic table for two consecutive years, and a rise in domestic demand beyond 2019, accompanied by a sustained domestic stimulus to consumption.
The consumption of tdi is expected to increase somewhat, leading to partial energy digestion. tdi currently accounts for about 30% of exports. Since 2018, domestic tdi-sized capacity has been built, there has been a marked increase in our tdi exits, and the share of tdi exports has risen from 1-2 to nearly 3%, with overseas Japan and Argentina accompanying it.
In 2024, we exported 366.5 million tons, of which the main exports were concentrated in regions such as Asia, South America, and Europe and the United States, where the share was relatively low. In subsequent developments, domestic tdi devices were more efficient than small, old and old installations abroad;
At a time when the domestic industrial chain is relatively well-equipped, it is expected that the cost advantage will continue, and thus that a greater share of the global share through exports will be expected to be an important direction for the industry. Tdi products experienced significant price adjustments in 2024, and intermediate demand was understretched.
Prices are up, industry-wide start-up rates are high, but demand support is limited, supply pressures are increasing significantly by the second quarter, production firms are reducing the start-up load significantly, but downstream demand procurement is not improving significantly, business stock is still accumulating, tdi prices are significantly adjusted downwards, and the price differential for the second half of the year has largely been reversed.
At the bottom of the spectrum, the industry is entering a cost-effective phase, the stock is digested after work has begun, and the profits from the product have gone into the bottom zone. In 2024, industrial skills were gradually released.
It is expected that exports will be in the main direction of digestive energy, mainly in the coastal region, suggesting that attention be paid to the pace of release of tdi capacity and to changes in product exports. Figure 15: Monthly increase in exports of tdi in the second half of the year (in tons)
2.2. Fulfilling soft power is expected to be a key factor in future product competition. According to information from the China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, Warluhingung (Jingzhou) Ltd. has recently released information and is now planning to reach hundreds of millions of yuan.
Installation of 300,000 tonnes/yearly ion membrane filamentation units (more than 40% of which use ion membrane alkalis from industrial used salt), 270,000 tonnes/year nitric acid devices, 210,000 tonnes/year ammonium chloride, etc., and public support facilities.
The share of raw materials is relatively high, and it is crucial to reduce single consumption through technological process optimization. tdi is a carbon six-chain extension product, and the cost of materials is relatively high. The share of raw materials in the production costs of tdi is relatively high, according to the annual reports of the state of the past, and can reach about 80% of production costs.
The gas method, with only Shanghai Cors creating a gas photologic approach in the country, and with similarity in the production processes and response pathways of most enterprises, process optimization and rational process control will be the key to optimizing the cost of the material segment. And from the development of Warlusing, over the years, companies have more experience in process optimization, product chain control, and production of existing products.
In recent years, with the exception of the construction of a one-stage tdi device for new production, most of the new production capacity has been built for technological expansion, saving some of the investment in the industrial chain and public utilities, depending on how much the company can invest in new facilities.
According to the company’s past projects, the company’s investment capital was relatively efficient, with the company’s 300,000 tons of Tdi integrated industrial chain project investing approximately $6,984 million, and the subsequent actual investment is expected to be significantly lower than the nominal plan.
The Division is expected to invest close to one ton in technology transfer and expansion through savings. In this context, the company's history has on several occasions been able to optimize its technological expansion by breaking core capacity limits (typically acetic products) and achieving large-scale capacity expansion with very low-cost inputs. In the light of the current technological transformation in the industry, it is also expected that the new Wallu installation will be put into the post-partum phase and further optimized through technological change.
According to the current Wallutdi project, the company's tdi project is accompanied by dnt, tda, diaphragm salin, nitric acid, waste acid concentration, ammonium chloride, etc.
By-products or recycling devices, which were originally co-located with gasification units in Jingzhou, have integrated supply capacity for nitric acids, liquid chlorine, hydrogen gas, carbon monoxide and are able to digest waste from existing industrial chains. Most enterprises in the industry, as the main material benzene, are required to out-purchase raw materials, which is planned to match the tiles of Warluhen.
Gasification benefits are expected to extend further to tdi products, and to be better matched with existing industrial chains. Both photo-gas production and back-end hydrogen reduction processes, both of which require hydrogen and co, the company’s current phase of gasification plants in Jianzhou, are needed.
The company has more than 20 years of production experience and excellent cost-control capabilities in the field of gasification, and the extension of the new project will take over the cost advantages of the company’s gasification plant and result in some material cost savings.
The realization of the advantage is not limited to gasification platforms, but the expansion of the advantaged product is the path to future development. Companies have been engaged in gasification since the market, with products such as ammonia, fertilizer, and organamine, and ongoing cost controls have allowed companies to create a more significant cost advantage in the former gasification platform.
The company continues to extend its industrial chain downstream, although some of its products do not lead to a very good single link due to factors such as industry, profit-taking, but the company’s product production and cost-control are no longer limited to the original gasification and proximity, and the public sector’s product-based expansion and process adaptation capabilities are being strengthened, such as the conversion of ethylene diol to herbic acid.
In the larger direction, the layouttdi, as a newcomer, creates the greatest possible connection in the direction of investment and the industrial chain, basically achieving the industry's hardware mix, and is able to create a later solid cost advantage or rely more on the company's 1-cost optimization capacity - combining existing processes and its own R & D adaptation capacity to create the most cost-effective raw materials.
Control of the immediate material component; Cost management of landings - control of the dimensions of multi-chain production, support, management, etc., and technological adaptation capacity in the form of attachments - by removing bottlenecks, improving plant production efficiency, reducing unit fixed costs, etc.
Efficient use of selected key materials: 4 Integrated optimization capacity - full utilization of devices or production lines as far as possible in the production of existing products, 3 or 3 series of columns: multiple rotational fluctuations in the butocool industry, sustained attention at the end of the year
The octanol sector is more prone to short-term fluctuations with higher supply-side impacts.
Bubbles, dispersants, mineralizers and petroleum additives are also used in printing, painting, film, etc. The production of octanol is based on the synthesis method, with a propylene and synthetic gas as the main raw material, which allows for the simultaneous production of butol and octanol through the MFA, so that domestic enterprises are more likely to have both butol and octanol production capacity and to have some capacity to regulate.
Lower octanol is dominated by plasticizers and acrylic acids, which are mainly used in dop and dotp. dop (nearbiphenyldiphenylate) is a traditional plasticizer, dotp (dioctate) is a green plasticizer and is widely applied in the areas of pvc plastics, rubber, paint, and because of the production of pvc gloves, the octanol industry follows the public events before and after.
The demand is highly volatile; the acrylic acid isoacrylate is a day-use acrylic ester, used mainly in the synthetic Vinicol, as well as in the field of adhesives and paints, extending to the area of construction. Enterprises follow the industrial chain layouts, the octanol industry is relatively fragmented, and most of the configuration is based on a rich industrial chain.
After more than a decade of production, the country has developed a relatively mature production process and has built up a large scale installation. After the breakthrough in technology, new business structures have been created, which has led to an increase in the number of enterprises and market fragmentation in the industry. In 2024, the octanol industry produced more than 3 million tons, of which Rusy Chemical, Shinzhima and satellite chemistry accounted for more than 10 per cent of the market.
Industry cr5 is about 52%, and the number of firms operating is 18. Because of the limited size of the overall market for octanol, the concentration of the industry is low, most of the firms in the industry are based on integrated enterprise layouts, most of the polyols, represented by octanol, are an extension of the existing production chain, and in many enterprises, octanol contributes more to conventional production than usual.
The production capacity of the octanol sector has remained unplanned for a long time, with a profit boom, and the industry has entered a new wave of large-scale expansion. Since 2010, the country has seen a rapid increase in the size of the octanol sector, with ongoing planning for the octanol project in the industry until 2018, when the octanol capacity has reached its scale, it has begun to move to a relatively smooth phase, and the industry has not been able to do so for nearly five consecutive years.
In the wake of the public health events of 2020, the demand for octanol has risen significantly in stages, the increase in the profitability of products has led to the expansion of the industry, the start of the production of octanol products by external firms, and a significant increase in the number of planned projects. Since 2023, the production of octanol has increased significantly, with the release of the production supply leading to a marked decline in the start-up rate of the industry, and the sector is gradually becoming more productive.
Because the production lines have a certain commonity, but octanol is often combined in layout, and production has an adjustable space, leading to a clear combination of prices. Butocnool production is usually based on the same raw material, a common catalyst, similar equipment and counters, and is similar in physical and chemical properties, so that most enterprises are often simultaneously laid and operate in production.
There is room for some adjustment in production, and this also leads to a very clear correlation between butol and octanol prices, with only sweeping access to more services, with a small number of single products that have experienced a marked change in demand downstream, resulting in a gradual change in product prices.
Butol is a relatively concentrated area of downstream demand. Butylol includes four isomers (mergens), and is the main product type of butol. Butol is mainly used for the production of downstream products such as acetate, butyl acetate, dibutyldehyde (dbp), butamide, ethylene dibutane monobutyl ether, etc. and is used in such areas as paints, glues, textile aids, plastic additives, etc.
More than half of the demand for butanol is in the areas of acrylic emulsions (building coatings), glue and duct tape; butyl acetate, dbp are more than 10% of the demand for paint oil ink and plasticizers, respectively. Adjustments to the product type of plasticizers have contributed to changes in the capacity of lower butoconeol production. Plasticizers can be classified as non-environmental and environmentally friendly.
The criteria are limited for the use of dystoacetate compounds in food packaging, drinking water, cosmetics, hygiene, etc., and the common dop, dbp cybicide series cannot be tested through environmental regulations in the European and American markets.
In particular, the decline between dop and dimp was the most significant, with a slight contraction in the share of dbp, while dotp, which does not contain nebenzodidates and is not within the range of plasticizers restricted for use in the European Union and other countries, is more environmentally sound, with larger-scale domestic capacity-building and planning, accompanied by the substitution of dotp with other nebozo-based plasticizers, market share
With the country’s sustained expansion of production, it has basically achieved a high level of self-sufficiency and a relatively low share of imports and exports. The country’s octanol production capacity, which has been built up, has been able to generate a high level of self-sufficiency, and its production self-sufficiency has remained essentially above 90%.
Figure 27: The self-supply ratio of octanol products to around 90%
The octanol industry has long maintained a relatively stable profit margin, and price fluctuations have been particularly pronounced in recent years. Until 2020, the prices of octanol products had fluctuated largely along with the prices of raw material acrylic, and the price differentials of the products, although they had also fluctuated with the demand and supply, had not been evidently independent.
Figure 29: Kowol followed the price of raw materials mainly in the early years, and in recent years emerged from a stand-alone situation, demand surged in the short term, and industry experienced a clear climate cycle in 2021. Production of products such as dotp continued downstream of Kowol in 2021.
Releases, significant increases in demand, such as downstream plasticizers, and strong demand for octanol downstream, but no significant increase in domestic octanol production, a gradual reversal of supply and demand patterns in the industry, and a clear upward cycle of products; and a steady increase in production of the main products downstream of butol.
Devices, which are clearly supported by overall downstream demand, create a better supply-and-demand environment. Chart 30: Dotp ' s capacity rapidly increased in 2021 to support octanol demand. Chart 31: The start of acetyltinate has led to a significant increase in the demand for n-butyl alcohol.
The supply-side restrictions have significantly increased the upswing in the price of octanol products in 2021. As a result of energy consumption and other factors, starting in the second quarter of 2021, the rate of industrial start-up began to fall sharply, supply restrictions were imposed, firms entered into a phase-out of stocks, supply constraints, supply constraints, supply-phase restrictions and supply and demand in the main direction of the industry, prompting prices of octanol products to rise sharply.
After large-scale production, cyclical fluctuations in the industry are gradually focusing on short-term supply adjustments. After the growth of octanol in 2021-2022, there has been a marked increase in planned new production capacity in the industry, which has increased significantly since 2023, a marked reversal in the pattern of phased supply and demand stress in the industry, and a marked decline in the price differentials for octanol products, following a gradual return in overall demand.
New fluctuations in products will be more concentrated on changes at the supply end. Since 2023, there have also been two short rounds of octanol prices: (1) in July 2023, the industry focused on the shutdown, the downstream demand remained stable, the demand for short-term supply and demand improved, and prices rose to a certain extent:
In September 22024, the industry stock was low and the supply end was overhauled centrally, leading to a drop in supply, but a small increase in downstream demand, resulting in a small increase in the price of the product:
The octanol layout is concentrated in two types of enterprises: the petrochemical industry chain extension and the polyol industry based on gas-based hydrogen gas extension. The octanol is based on acrylic and synthetic gas as raw materials, most of which are mainly industrial chain extension.
Large-scale expansion has resulted in a significant increase in the production capacity of coal-based and oil-headed acrylic hydrocarbons, while more pdh devices have been planned in coastal areas.
In terms of the abundance of downstream product layouts, the risk of dispersing a single product and maximizing the value added of the product, the advantage of c-propene is not apparent in the short term and can lead to some savings in transport costs; in the case of synthetic gas, most of the previous firms expanded to butoconeol using carbon trichain layouts, but it is expected to continue to grow. The domestic supply of c-propene continues to increase.
l. Traditional polypropylene and epoxy-propane planning are relatively well constructed, single-line product profits are significantly squeezed, many businesses are beginning to diversify product layouts, increase product abundance, more firms are beginning to extend butocone layouts, short-term pressure on the supply of butoconeol is still good, and in 2025 the industry will have four devices in production, but most of them will be put into production by the end of the year.
The pressure from increased production capacity in the industry is short-term but will be more productive in 2026 and later, and at this stage there are plans for sea-rich petrochemicals, extended oils, agnostic groups, and Eun Seong, Mongolia, if follow-up projects are to be found, industry Chart 35: Production planning and layout in the two camps of the octanol industry (tonnes)
In the current situation, the short-term price differential in the BKC sector has been reduced and there is new production capacity in the sector in 2025, but to be released by the end of the year, in the short term, the industry will operate mainly on the basis of inter-zone fluctuations, and the rate of start-up in the octanol sector is currently maintained at the higher end, where a change in concentration at the supply end will be a key factor in the profitability of the product at this stage: in the medium and long term,
The octanol industry will then have more productive capacity, and there will be more firms in the planning process to move to a new production and release phase, and the absorptive capacity of the demand will be key to influencing the profitability hub. The company’s 200,000 tons of octanol production capacity is expected to lead to a gradual improvement in the profitability of its octanol products if the industry is to deliver synergies at this stage of supply.
iv. Export policies after urea observation of spring tillage, carbon six-chain product performance relative to pressure 4.1, urea supply pressure years are evident, and export policies after spring tillage are focused on urea production for three years in a row, with increasing pressure on capacity. Domestic urea production has continued since 2015.
By 2020, industrial output was less than 70 million tons, but the optimal pattern of industry led to a marked improvement in the profitability of products, and industry began a new expansion cycle. Since 2021, domestic production in the urea industry has been increasing continuously to over 77 million tons, an increase of 10% over 2020.
It is estimated that about 20% of the devices will be replaced in the future, while the start of old production is generally significantly below the industry’s level, and the industry will face a net increase in supply when the replacement becomes a new production capacity. With the addition of additional scale-up devices, the urea industry has increased its supply effectively.
The start-up of the process has also been maintained at a more stable level, leading to an overall increase in the start-up rate in the industry. Since 2020, the start-up rate in the industry has been rising. By 2024, urea has remained essentially stable at over 6-7%, and production has increased by about 16% over the year, which is significantly higher than the increase in capacity.
More powerful, since the delivery of urea units in the second half of 2024, there has been a marked accumulation of stocks in the industry until later in the period when the industry adjusted its supply slightly.
Chart 39: urea production has increased considerably for the second year in a row (tonnes of tons). In the past, about 10% of urea has been exported overseas, and urea has remained restricted this year. Our urea is mainly based on coal, with the accelerated development of our coal industry, with large-scale urea capacity building in the country.
But since the beginning of October 2021, urea exports have begun to be clearly restricted, reaching 260,000 tons of urea in 2024, clearly below historical levels, and export digestion of supply has been hampered, leading to a significant increase in pressure following the release of domestic productive capacity.
If urea exports are liberalized, they will help to absorb the incremental domestic supply, leading to a small recovery of the industry’s profits. In 2023, domestic urea exports of 4.25 million tons, if re-exported, are expected to lead to a better digestion of the new supply in late 2024, pressure from the industry or a more gradual improvement.
Figure 40: urea exports in previous years amounted to around 10% (tonnes) Figure 41: urea exports have been significantly restricted (tonnes) this year.
Most of them are for replacement, new production is concentrated in the Xinjiang region or in the self-supply of enterprises, urea in Xinjiang area has a clear cost advantage due to the advantage of raw materials, but urea in the urea in the Xinjiang region has a relatively high value and transport costs are high, with most of the regional supply dominated by urea in early 2024.
Lishanca, but with the continued decline in urea prices, the ability to invest in or delay or stagnate, the production capacity that was expected to be released throughout the year is higher than in the second half of the year. urea is currently under relatively high pressure for profitability, and the new production capacity in 2025 does not preclude a delay. urea has entered the bottom of the industry in the short term, with limited space for further downs.
In the first half of the year, urea was dominated by shock operations, increased production capacity and concentrated investment, domestic demand increased to some extent to absorb exports.
Some of the business losses have already occurred: downstream urea demand is relatively stable and can support urea prices to some extent, domestic capacity is subject to digestive pressure if exports are not liberalized in the short term, and industry stops take time, so export and output release will be key factors in terms of industry tracking.
The company has 3.07 million tons of urea production capacity, and the additional urea capacity + export restrictions allow the industry to enter the bottom zone, and urea is expected to form a profit repair if the industry is able to free its exports after spring farming. 4.2, dmf products are under clear pressure for profitability.
After two years of expansion of production capacity, dmf has significantly increased supply pressure. Dmf, as a panacea, is entering a relatively mature phase of industry, and demand has remained largely relatively stable. In 2020, following the withdrawal of production capacity, the industry experienced a phase of supply stress, product prices have risen significantly, and a downstream Nmp of methamamine has benefited from a rise in new energy demand, and production capacity has been planned.
The industry has entered a phase of significant upgrading of production capacity, with dmf producing more than 1.6 million tons since 2023, but with limited demand, the industry’s capacity utilization rate has fallen sharply and supply-side pressures persist. Although the industry’s output expansion cycle has ended, the pattern has deteriorated somewhat over the previous period.
There has been a marked increase in the number of enterprises in the dmf sector, a marked decrease in concentration in the sector, and an oversupply of production capacity, which has led to increased access to services by the basic dimensions of the product.
Figure 45: Dmf industry pattern is more fragmented than before. After industrial capacity was gradually increased in 2023, the start of the industry began to fall significantly, demand was not supported, business stock was accumulated, product prices were forced to continue down, and currently the start of the dmf industry was only about 40%, while stocks were still relatively low.
In the short term, dmf is different from butkeol, and the industry's start-up load is very low. The industry's inventory is manageable, short-term supply-side synergies are not expected to generate significant profit fluctuations, and the industry is expected to remain low.
Operation, but cost resistance, taking into account most of the losses in the industry, has made it difficult to continue the sharp fall in product prices. After the expansion of the production capacity, there has also been a marked decline in capacity utilization and a simultaneous supply of supplies in the industry. Under the influence of new energy, the expansion of the industry dmf has been accompanied by a directional layout of methamamine, with a relatively high increase in production capacity.
There has also been a marked decline in start-up rates, with product earnings slightly better than dmf due to increased demand for new energy in the downstream of methamamine, but still trending downwards.
Figure 49: The prices of methamamine and dmf are in the same direction, and the prices vary from one stage to another. The company owns 480,000 tons of dmf production capacity. At this stage, the industry costs are price-resistant. The demand for dmf in the short term has not increased significantly, and the industry ' s pattern extremes depend on supply-side controls, or small-scale output exits in the medium to long term.
The Bureau is slightly better than the dmf, but there is some pressure on the profitability of the product as a result of additional production capacity and supply pressures in the main directions. 4.3. The short-term supply of the acetic acid industry is relatively orderly, stock pressure is suspended. The acetic acid industry continues to grow and the industry is still in a competitive phase.
Continuing upscaling, most of the new production capacity is based on new large-scale devices, and the supply side of the industry has increased considerably. Previously, participation in the acetic acid industry had been relatively stable, although there had been some technological expansion, but the basic pattern had not changed significantly. Since 2021, acetic acid had entered a large-scale expansion of capacity, new installations had expanded capacity in stock enterprises, and new business regulations had been in place.
In 2020, the number of firms involved in the acetic acid industry rose to 17, with the share of cr5 increasing to about 58.6 per cent.
In 2024, the Warrow, Helium, was put into operation in a stable operating zone, and the other enterprises in the industry were in a relatively stable state of operation.
Figure 50: The capacity of acetic acid production continues to rise, and the rate remains high. Due to relative limitations on the storage and transport of acetic fluids, the start-up phase of acetic acid is affected by stocks.
Acid and its previous raw material methanol are produced mainly as coal, and on a continuous scale, but since there are certain requirements for the operation and storage of acetic acid, stocks of acetic acid are one of the key factors affecting the price offer for acetic acid. Since this year, our acetic acid device has been operating in a relatively stable manner, but the rate of start-up is still affected by the industry’s stocks, and in this case, it is still in the process of production.
After the pressure of the acetic acid stock continues to increase, the production of the acetic acid will be regulated to a certain extent to digest the stock, and there will be a small concession on the offer; in a relatively low state of stock, the offer will be clearly strong, except in case of force resistance.
There will also be a gradual increase in supply. Figure 52: Acetic acid companies continuously adjust production (tonnes) based on stock. Figure 53: Acetic acid prices have begun to show a shock-like downs (thousands/tons) for four quarters.
The supply of acetic acid abroad has been unstable for 24 years, with a sharp increase in domestic supplies and a significant increase in the volume of acetic acid exports. Because acetic acids are acid fluids, and the general transport radius is relatively limited, our exports of acetic acid account for less than 10%, with Indian exports accounting for more than half of our exports.
Acetic acid exports have remained relatively high for 24 years, absorbing some of the pressure on the domestic supply of acetic acid. Figure 55: Acetic acid exports supported relatively well (tonnes) in 2024. New production of pta downstream acetic acid has contributed to an increase in demand for ethylene acetic acid and ethyl acetic acid formation.
(b) At the same time, the new production capacity of ethyl acetate below acetic acid is gradually moving to the realization stage, leading to a significant increase in production, with production increasing by about 20 per cent and 16 per cent in 2024 compared to the previous year, which supports some demand in the upstream acetic acid industry.
Figure 56: Pta production capacity has stabilized at a high level (tonnes) Figure 57: ethyl acetic acid production has increased rapidly (tonnes) Overlayed exports and domestic downstream demand supported by demand for acetic acid in the pre-2024 period, and acetic acid supply and demand patterns demonstrated
With the supply of acetic acid rising in four quarters, there has been a certain increase in the supply pressure in the industry, driving the price of acetic acid. Figure 58: Lower acetic acid applications in 2023 compared to 2025.
With the expansion of production capacity and the extension of upstream materials in downstream firms, the acetic acid industry will reach a large scale in 2025, new entrants into the industry, with more than 3 million tons of production expected in 2025 as currently planned, the supply pressure phase of the industry will remain relatively high, and the production pace at the supply end will be important for the change in profits in the phased industries.
The company has 1.5 million tons of acetic acid production, the acetic device is operating in a stable manner, with little shutdown except for repairs, and the company's output is divided between Texas and Qingzhou bases, with a relatively solid client base, and a high-load and steady operation will support the company in a low-cost manner.
At this stage, the supply side of the acetic acid industry has been able to adjust, with additional capacity over 25 years, with a slight impact on the supply pattern. 4.4. The demand for aphrodisiac supports a relatively weak level, the raw material runs a crowded profit margin, the supply of the adipic industry continues to rise, and the industry is relatively fragmented.
In the past two years, the growth of the production capacity has increased considerably, by more than 1 million tons. Because of the bulk of the product, the technology of the production process is relatively mature, and the participation of firms in the industry is relatively high.
The industry is well supplied, and the capacity to start production is relatively low. In 2024, the domestic capacity for domestic diazole was already over 4.1 million tons, but it was more than 4.1 million tons.
The domestic production of adipic acid in 2024 and its production in 2023 were largely at the same level, and in the case of significant additional capacity, the need for the industry to absorb was relatively limited, the level of industry start-up was significantly lower, the rate of start-up was only over 50 per cent, and demand was not supported, and the pressure on industry capacity to digest was greater.
The export of adipic acid is close to 20%, and downstream is dominated by polyurethane, fibre optics, plastics, etc.
By November 2024, our exports of adipic acid amounted to 433,000 tons, an increase of about 14% compared to the previous year, but were more difficult to support effectively than the substantial rise in the supply. The nylon 66 and pbat were relatively well planned, and are expected to support demand in the future, but the pace remains to be followed.
The country has been nationalizing the industry chain of nylon 66, but it has not been able to break through effectively, the nylon 66 industrial chain has not been effectively scaled up, the nylon production capacity has been gradually released in recent years, the planning layout of nylon 66 has been upgraded, but it is not yet fully nationalized and cost-controlled, and the new nylon 66 production capacity is not yet fully available.
By using it, the increase in demand for the upstream diacid has not yet been effectively released, and the subsequent nylon 66 still has planned additional capacity, but the rhythm still needs to be tracked. Pbat, driven by the direction of degradable plastics, has planned additional capacity on a large scale in the industry, while pbat has limited barriers to the industrial chain and has achieved significant improvements, but has not been fully implemented as a result of advancing policies.
Industry demand has fallen again, most enterprises have not been able to supply and produce their products, and demand for adipic acid is significantly lower. Figure 66: pbat has not opened its market for unpolicy driven (t) tons Figure 65: nylon 66 capacity planning has been slightly delayed (t) tons)
The bulk of the extrabenzene is used as feedstock, and a few can form an integrated layout of the industrial chain. The main ingredients of the adipic acid are cyclohexol and nitric acid, for which most of the companies buy extrabenzene as feedstock in the production layout, and for which only a few companies are able to produce pure benzene self-sufficiency: in the case of nitric acid, most enterprises are able to use their own chains for hydrogen gas or synthesis.
The supply of raw materials in the direction of nitric acid is achieved with ammonia. And on the downstream layout, most firms have not increased significantly in the short term, owing to the fact that more of the new diacids are planned to build and expand their capacity with the nylon 66 and pbat integrated planning.
Acid capacity-building products are mainly sold out, with only a few firms focusing on the supply of their own industrial chains, and therefore a large number of firms in the self-dipic acid industry have a relatively high profitability sensitivity, which will clearly affect the start-up phase of a single-point profit pressure. The growth of pure benzene supplies has slowed slightly, downstream demand has been better supported, and the production of pure benzene is relatively strong.
The production of pure benzene is associated with the start of oil refining, with a slight increase in the production of pure benzene in the past year, which was about 8.6 per cent higher in November compared to the previous period, and a relatively limited increase in the supply of benzene, the main raw material for adipic acid, which is the primary raw material for most carbon hexa-chain products, which can be used for the production of styrene and styrene.
Mainly large products such as HAP, phenol, and benzene account for more than 9% of the demand for pure benzene downstream. There has been a marked upturn in downstream work in products such as endamide, phenol, and amphetamine in 2024, and a small upturn in styrene, with four major carbon hexafluoride products increasing by about 12% compared to the same year, and demand at the end of the demand has increased significantly above the supply side.
The direction is also influenced by fluctuations in crude oil prices, but the increase in supply and demand differentials continues to contribute to a strong operation of the price of pure benzene, with a marked upturn in the price for the first half of the year, resulting in a strong pressure on the end of the cost of adipic acid.
Acid (benzo_other adipic acid styrene)
Figure 70: Production of pure benzene downstream has increased significantly, and demand is strongly supported Figure 71: Prices of pure benzene were significantly higher than crude oil in 2024
In the first half of 2024, the price of pure benzene continued to rise, but because of the apparent weakness of downstream demand and the industry ' s apparent supply state, the cost of adipic acid transmission was poor, the price differential began to narrow in a single direction, the price of a three-quarter adipic acid fell to its lowest value in recent years, the industry moved into a large loss phase and into four quarters, accompanied by the price of pure benzene.
While the price of the adipic acid has also been adjusted and the price difference has been slightly repaired, the profitability of the adipic acid continues to show that the adipic acid still has planned capacity, while the industry is currently largely unprofitable, and that the pace of release of the new production capacity needs to be observed. The company has 52.66 million tons of adipic capacity, and it is expected that later on there will be limited space to further compress the profit.
4.5. The price of sulfur in raw materials continues to rise, the manufacturing capacity of HAP is causing price differentials. The supply end of HAX has increased significantly, and the industry has clearly started to do so. In 2024, the supply of 3 HAP devices has increased significantly, the start-up rate of new facilities has increased, and production of HAX has increased by about 24% in 2024.
Figure 73: Increasing industry supply due to the continuous increase in the capacity of the production of endamide
Exports have been relatively low, but since 2023 there has been a steady increase in the production of domestic amphetamine, and when the domestic supply is abundant, the import of domestic amphetamine has been reduced significantly, and exports have started to grow significantly, but the ratio is still relatively low. After the release of the 6 nylons downstream, there is some support for the demand for domestic ammonium.
A significant increase, more than 1 million tons over the same period, led to a significant increase in the production of movable property in the productive discharge belt, with 6 tons of nylon produced in the country in 2024, an increase of about 27 per cent over the same period, which led to the digestion of domestic production of endamide.
Diagram 76: The nylon 6 capacity release led to an increase in the demand for endemide upstream. Sulphur prices began to rise continuously in the second half of the year, the price of pure benzene was increased and the cost pressure began to compress the price differential for endemide. The supply pressure led to a fall in the price of endemide, while the price of first half of the year was strong.
In the second half of the year, the prices of offshore sulfur continued to rise, domestic prices of sulfur followed up, most of the domestic production of sulfur were dependent on the export of sulfur, and four quarters, the price of the sulfon was again narrowed and the industry was not profitable. The company owned 300,000 tons.
There is still room for profit in the production of intraamide, with its own cost controls, but the price differential for intraamide has now fallen to its lowest level in recent years, pressure from other enterprises in the industry is high, and there will be relative room for further downward adjustment.
V. Profit predictions and investment proposals are affected by the gradual release of new productive capacity in the industry, with companies ' products being cyclically affected and more profitable downsides; but, to this end, most industries have entered the bottom zone and, supported by costs, there is very limited room for only one step down.
(a) Risk of deterioration in industry patterns: more of the company's products are bulk products with a certain degree of volatility in supply and demand cycles, and continued large-scale investment in industry will increase the pressure on industry supply and create profitable pressures;
(b) Product demand is not as high as expected: there are relatively larger downstream layout areas for the company's products, involving farming, fibre optics, new energy, etc., which, if the end demand is not as high as expected, will affect the profitability of the product after the pace of industrial capacity digestion;
Risk of change in export policy: at this stage, the company's share of exports is relatively low, but with the company's product abundance increasing, subsequent exports of products will increase, and the profitability of products such as urea will be associated with export policies, recommending continued closure
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market