In 2024, it was reported that overall growth was robust, and capacity continued to climb, and that the net profit of the research assistant, Göttätt, was 3,354 million yuan, an increase of 0.45 per cent over the same period. The main reason for the growth in performance was the increase in performance.
In the high-end manufacturing areas of company defence, aerospace, communications networks, new energy vehicles, etc., market demand has grown steadily. In particular, in the area of new energy vehicles and communication networks, companies have further consolidated their market position with technological advantages and product innovation.
Cost structures and increased operational efficiency partly offset the pressures of higher raw materials prices and increased market competition. On the financial front, the company’s total assets amounted to $41,247 billion, attributed to its good financial health and greater resilience to risk.
▪ Continuous promotion of original technology development and acquisition of technological leadership in the areas of high-speed, mini-data communication: in 2024, China-China PV made significant progress in product accumulation and technological breakthroughs. The company developed autonomously more than 500 series and over 350,000 varieties of connection products, covering a wide range of products.
These products are widely used in high-end manufacturing such as defence, commercial aerospace, communications networks, data centres, new energy vehicles. In terms of technological breakthroughs, companies have focused on the promotion of light, electricity, fluids.
Integrating innovations in connectivity technologies, especially high-pressure connectors and high-speed connectors in the field of new energy vehicles, and communication networks, have made significant progress.
Investment projects for fund-raising, including China PV (Changdong) Ltd., China South Industry Base, China PV (002179); mid-2024, China PV Basics Industrial Park Project (phase I), have further expanded capacity and raised capacity
Second, the company has implemented equity incentive schemes that have effectively stimulated employees' assessment of systemic fluctuations in overall performance, motivation and creativity. In addition, the company has been active in responding to changes in the external environment by optimizing supply.
Chain management, enhanced cost control, etc., has effectively responded to the challenges posed by the weak global economic recovery and the cyclical fluctuations in some areas.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company's performance is in line with market expectations, taking into account the company's business assessment: macro-policy convergence with the “outward” strategy stands at $4,637 million, corresponding to 24/21/19 times more than each of them.
China’s three major financial forecasting tables, China Photovoltaics, have been approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC) and are now qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.