Green Aluminium integration tap with long-term cost advantage 29 November 2023 Keyword: #Short assets
• The company is a leading company in the country for the integration of hydropower and aluminium, relying on medium aluminium to enhance the supply of raw materials: it is now in place for the production of 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium, 800,000 tons of aromatic carbon, 20,000 tons of cathode of graphite, 1.57 million tons of green aluminium alloys, and the size of the green aluminium integration industry with the official and listed aluminium group in 2018.
We believe that, as the synergies between the two sides become more apparent, the ability of cloud aluminium to sustain raw materials and to cope with upstream increases is significantly improved, the balance sheet is continuously improved, and Roe is expected to continue to improve: the company is 20.44 per cent from Bore, which is significantly higher than the industry-like company, and the company is light by adding value to the old equipment.
As the aluminium price rises further, the company is expected to enjoy the industry Beta and the company's own Alpha tons of aluminium market value at lower prices than comparable companies, with a high degree of elasticity: based on the production and market value of the major comparable companies' electrolytic aluminum rights, we measure the market value of 17,000 tons of aluminium, well below the comparable value of the company;
In a 5 per cent increase, 10 per cent increase, and 15 per cent increase in profits of the Aluminium shares, 29 per cent increase, 58 per cent increase in profits, respectively, and supply rigidity constraints, demand change bringing new growth drivers, Aluminium prices opening up space: 1) supply end, I, Aluminium shares (000807); high elastic water
The national electrolytic aluminium industry is currently producing 43 million tons of effective capacity, approaching a ceiling of 45 million tons, adding property-based traditions in the south-west region in the context of a series of policies such as “surpository buildings”, central fiscal debt, etc.
The demand drags down and the new demand, led by photovoltaic and new energy vehicles, becomes a new point of growth; (3) at the end of the inventory, the stock of lunaluminium and aluminum is at 6 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively, since the beginning of the year 2000, and the stock, both in and out of the sea, is low enough to support aluminium prices upwards, and the profits of the electrolytic aluminium industry are expected to increase.
In Yunnan, where the photovoltaic industry is developing vigorously, the seasonal power-restriction effects are expected to fade: at the end of 2023, new and netted Yunnan volts will reach 3165.04 kilowatts, with an expected additional generation of 11.03 per cent of the electricity generated by the Yunnan grid in 2022, bringing about an additional production space of 65.34 million tons of theoretical electrolysis aluminium.
Having a cost advantage and having a low corporate valuation, the first-time coverage gives the company a “buy-in” rating. 1.1. Shareholders have a strong background in building integrated chains of green aluminium industries.
In mid-2018, the Aluminum Group entered into a strategic partnership with the Yunnan People's Government, which indirectly became the green energy advantage of the Province of Etounan and seized the country's “double carbon” strategic opportunity.
The largest supplier of green low-carbon aluminium has completed the green industrial chain of “Bauxite-Oxide-Carbon Products-Aluminium Smelting-Aluminium Processing” and has produced 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 3.05 million tons of green aluminium and 800,000 tons of yangtoline per year (a joint venture with Soto to develop a 900,000 tons of yangolin-year project that has been successfully put into production, with corporate ownership of carbonol production capacity)
In 2022, the Yunnan National Finance Committee allocated 51% of Yunnan's smelting equity.
China Copper Industries Ltd., a subsidiary of the China Aluminium Group, was granted. As of 30 June 2023, China's Aluminium Industry Division held 29.1 per cent of the corporate equity, was a controlling shareholder in the company and was the world's largest producer of aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium and anode for aluminium; Yunnan Metallurgical Group held 13.0 per cent of the company's second largest shareholder.
The industrial chain covers the upper-middle and lower-stream, with synergies in the future. There are more than a dozen second-tier subsidiaries under the company’s flag, covering bauxite mining and aluminium oxide production, electrolytic aluminium smelting and aluminium processing, aluminium charcoal production, and logistics trade. The company is the first Chinese company to complete a review of bauxite, aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, aluminium processing whole-sector chains.
Industry, taking full advantage of the “green energy” advantage of Yunnan Province, optimizing the industrial structure, moving towards the controllability of upstream raw material costs, lower processing costs for middle- and middle-stream raw materials and greater value added for downstream end-products.
Corporate income growth has remained resilient and the net profits of mothers have been re-innovated. As a result of China’s trade frictions and environmental regulation, the company’s business performance declined briefly in 2018, and its earnings have been growing rapidly since the industry entered the boom cycle in 2019.
The company's core business is growing, electrolytic aluminium + aluminium processing is driven by two wheels. The company's deep-drawn green aluminium chain, and the company's green aluminium industry is already working on the green aluminium chain.
A two-wheel-drive business model for electrolytic aluminium plus aluminium processing was developed, with companies contributing 46.09 per cent and 53.06 per cent of business income in 2022, respectively, contributing 52.99 per cent and 46.72 per cent to overall Maori.
The impact has risen significantly since 2021. Since 2023, as geopolitical risks have reduced their impact on basic energy prices and the prices of major raw materials have fallen rapidly, we expect the average cost to be down in the current period, and the Māori rate for business portfolios is expected to pick up.
The company’s operational management capacity has been continuously strengthened, with a steady annual decrease in the three-fee rate. The company has fully exploited the synergies of its industrial resources, and its internal operating management capacity has been significantly enhanced, with a steady decline in the three-fee rate since 2019. In 2022, the company’s combined three-fee rate was 1.95 per cent, a 1.48 per cent reduction in the same rate, with a reduction in the sales cost rate as a result of a significant expansion by the company.
In the surrounding market, the sales of alloys in the company’s surrounding market grew by about 63% on the same date in 2022; during the reporting period, the company’s R & D rate steadily increased, driving the company’s alloyization. In 2016, the company’s R & D rate was at one point as high as 2.77%, mainly as a result of 1) the company’s increased production of aluminium alloy casts and special aluminium alloy cables during the year.
Investment in research and development for a number of technologies, such as industrialization, to contribute fully to the development of corporate alloying, to speed up the process of research and development for high-value-added aluminium-based materials, aluminum-based and end-products, and to further extend the industrial chain; and (2) Debt for research and development inputs during the year, with net cash flow from business activities and interest-bearing debt ratios as an indicator of solvency, which means that there has been a significant improvement in the ability to repay debt.
The company ' s asset turnover rate was 1.24 times, with a share of 20.44 per cent, and both figures are the second highest since the company was listed. We believe that the company is in a booming period and that its profitability is expected to increase further in the future, mainly as a result of the industry Beta, where the price of aluminium rose from 13,000 yuan per ton at the beginning of 2019 to the end of 2022.
Almost 20,000 yuan per ton. With the demand raised by the long-term supply of electrolytic aluminium and the economic upturn, aluminium prices are expected to remain high; 2) Alpha, resulting from the company's own asset optimization: the company has successfully built a closed chain of electrolytic aluminium industry, actively devalued its bad assets while doing it on a large scale, in 2021 and 2022 in aluminium oxides, bauxite mines,
The raw materials and accessories, such as cerebral carbon, together account for 2,236 million yuan in impairments, capital assets are thinner, and firm corporate growth is increasing as the quality of the company’s assets increases further.
2.1. The aluminum industry chain is fully covered. The company has 5 mining rights and 18 prospecting rights for bauxite, with a combined “discovery + mining” of approximately 69.7 million tons.
As of June 2021, the total amount of bauxite ore in the five mining rights held by Aluminium Mountain was approximately 11.7 million tons of bauxite ore, which is expected to be mined for 3-4 years based on 1.4 million tons/yearly production capacity. Meanwhile, Aluminium Mountain is currently processing four survey permits for conversion to mining licences (i.e. Bauxite ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore ore)
Aluminium and bauxite mines in Yang Yan Yanai, bauxite mines in Fiffy Corner, and bauxite mines in natural bridges) together, the above-mentioned four mineral concessions, totalling about 58 million tons, are expected to be mined over a period of about 10 years. 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide production is owned by the company, which is dependent on Chinese aluminium for further market bargaining and insurance.
Ten thousand tons of single-ton electrolysis aluminium requires 1.95 tons of aluminium oxide, a self-supporting rate of 27.67% for the company, and an external purchase of 36.623 million tons of aluminium oxide. In addition, the company is located in Yunnan, and is coloured in Guangxi, close to the important national aluminium oxide production area, where the price of aerobic aluminium is lower than the national average, and where the company has a considerable transport and price advantage.
In November, the company officially listed the Chinese aluminium industry group, while the Chinese aluminium industry, as the largest supplier of alumina, purchased 65.45 per cent of the value in 2022, produced 17,640,000 tons of aluminium oxide in 2022, and the company ' s extra-aluminium oxide purchases represented only a source of its output and a policy advantage, further enhancing its market bargaining and securing capacity.
The company owns 11.15 million tons of zolpidem equity through its own production plus joint shareholding. The company owns 800,000 tons of bauxite production capacity, 20,000 tons of graphite cathode production capacity, and 315,000 tons of precalculation carbon material (35% share) through its joint venture with Soto.
The company has 3.05 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and 2.58 million tons of equity. In recent years, the company has continued to upgrade its electrolysis system.
Aluminium production, which increased from 1.6 million tons in 2017 to 3.05 million tons in 2022 (equity “alloying” as the main direction of the company's aluminium processing business. The company relies on its own power of electrolytic aluminium resources to continue to develop a market share of high-quality aluminum and high-precision aluminium, which is widely used at the higher end of the military industry, orbital transport, electronics, etc.
In 2022, the company produced 13,955 tons of aluminium alloys and processed products, an increase of 12.37%, with higher production innovation and better product structure. In this context, the company developed a competitive alloying product in the industry of original aluminium, which was found to be aluminium alloys (a356.2), aluminum, aluminum welds, etc.
This compares with an increase of about 10 per cent in the same year and a domestic market of about 26 per cent, and the leading position in the casting aluminum alloys market, 2.2. The power cost advantage is becoming apparent, and seasonal disturbances are inevitable.
Aluminium oxide accounted for 33% of the average cost, precalculation anode amounted to 17%, electricity amounted to 36%, and the difference in electricity costs between different regions of the aluminium industry had a significant impact on the overall cost of production. In August 2021, the National Development Reform Commission issued a Circular on Improving the Prices of the Elevator of the Electrolytic Aluminium Industry Policy, which explicitly stated that the national electricity price policy should be strictly enforced in all parts of the country and banned.
The introduction of preferential electricity prices for the electrolytic aluminium industry, the need for the electrolytic aluminium industry to strictly enforce the stair price policy, the elimination of preferential electricity prices, and the gradual increase in the combined costs of the electrolytic aluminium industry, which currently has a clear low price for electrolytic aluminium in Yunnan and Xinjiang, figure 18: Dismantling of electrolytic aluminium costs in June 2023
The company is the largest supplier of green aluminium in the country and has full access to Yunnan hydroelectric resources. In 2022, in Yunnan province, more than 100 million kilowatt hours, or only 12.2 per cent of the total, the company relied on the rich green power advantage of Yunnan, which reached about 88.6 per cent of the company ' s production structure in 2022.
Yunnan's hydro-power generation is characterized by more seasonal disruptions, with no water of any duration or normality. Because of differences in seasonal rainfall, Yunnan has a marked water abundance and drying period (dry water from October to April of each year, with a residual water abundance period) with electricity generation from 7 to 10 months of the year at an average of 85 to 90 per cent per cent per year.
In January-April of each year, electricity generation is lower than in the year, with an historical average of only 60-70%. Because the production of electrolytic aluminium is a high-energy consumption process that requires a reduction in production capacity in response to the demand for electricity to reduce the load of electricity, Yunnan electrolytic aluminium production also displays more marked seasonal fluctuations in annual averages.
At the beginning of the year, production was low for the whole year, compared to a relatively high production rate in July-October. This round reduced electricity production by a total of 19.12 million tons, or 36.21 per cent of the original operational capacity.
(b) On 16 September 2022, the Yunnan Electrolysis Aluminium Industry opened a second round and a third round of electricity restrictions, with local electrolytic aluminium enterprises expanding their pressure reduction to around 40 per cent based on the initial production and use of electricity in the first round of power restrictions in Yunnan Province in September 2022.
In the month, the Yunnan Department of Sources officially issued the Circular on the 2022 New Energy Construction Programme in Yunnan Province. It identified 355 new energy projects to accelerate the start of construction in the South Province in 2022, of which 350 were photovoltaic projects, 3165.04 million were installed, and 5 wind and wind projects, 355,000 were installed.
By the end of December 2023, the wind power project began no later than July 2023. By August 2023, Yunnan had added 481.5 million kilowatts of new and grid-connected voltage units this year, with thousands of kilowatts of light-voltage units throughout the province.
At that time, it is expected that an additional 41779 million kilowatts of electricity will be generated in Yunnan Province, accounting for 11.03 per cent of the electricity generated by the Yunnan Network in 2022, assuming an annual increase of 5 per cent in electricity consumption by the Western East and other Yunnan Provinces, which would increase theoretically the production of 65.34 million tons of aluminium for electrolysis and would effectively slow down electricity restrictions due to the drying-up period.
Europe's carbon tax plus, the company's green aluminum advantage, highlights its full commitment to the “double carbon target” and the company is the largest green aluminium supplier in the country. The company was one of the first companies in the country to have a carbon footprint certification for its products, with major products such as aluminum or aluminum alloys being certified in the South through the carbon footprint.
The region’s first green power “double license” is the first Chinese company to complete a full industrial chain audit of bauxite, aluminium oxide, aluminium electrolysis, aluminium processing. In the long run, the brand value and economic value of the company’s green aluminium will be further enhanced in the broader context of the country’s dual carbon strategy.
The EU has formally introduced the carbon boundary adjustment mechanism (cbam). The carbon boundary adjustment mechanism (carbonborder adjudgmentmechanism, cbam) is a new policy of the EU to address climate change and carbon emissions by calculating the amount of taxes to be paid on the carbon footprint of products and ensuring imports through a carbon tax on imported products.
Products enjoy the same carbon emission costs as the same products produced in the EU. The Act came into force on 1 October 2023, and the agreement requires carbon tariffs on iron, cement, aluminium, fertilizer, etc.; the carbon tax borders are divided into direct discharges (production processes and fuel combustion emissions) and indirect emissions (emissions from electricity production processes), in which iron, aluminium and hydrogen are considered only.
The electrolysis aluminium is the main carbon-emission link in the aluminium chain. According to China's Aluminium Life Cycle Energy Use and Carbon Emission Analysis and Reduction Measures, electrolysis aluminium is the main energy-consuming and carbon-emitting link in the aluminium industry chain, and the entire electrolysis process is required.
As of October 9, the EU carbon quota period is 624 tonnes of goods, far above the domestic carbon quota price of 77 tonnes. According to Anteco, production is about to take place.
The impact on the aluminium industry under the current circumstances is limited by the emission of 13 tonnes of carbon dioxide, of which 1.8 tonnes are directly emitted and 11.2 tonnes are emitted indirectly. The carbon tax will start in 2026 and will be phased out until 2034.
The formula for the EU carbon tariff collection is as follows: cbam=(euets carbon price - exporting country carbon price) x (product carbon emissions - free emissions from EU enterprises with similar products). In the context of the inclusion of indirect emissions, the EU carbon tax has a greater export impact, with the advantage of green aluminium being highlighted.
The Alliance will redefine the accounting boundary after the transition period, with the potential disinterested effect of requiring carbon taxes on indirect emissions. Given the actual impact on exports of future carbon taxes on the aluminium industry, we will measure separately whether the EU will include indirect emissions in carbon taxes on aluminium; and 2) the EU carbon tax prices.
In the context of the inclusion of indirect emissions, the EU carbon tax as a proportion of export value will jump to 10.03% to 30.09% in different price zones, with a significant impact on China's exports of electrolytic aluminium. According to the annual report of the Aluminium shares, the company relies on green aluminium produced by green energy for about 20% of coal-fired aluminium, which is generated on the basis of a single ton of coal-fired aluminium.
13 tonnes of CO2 emissions are calculated, with green aluminium produced in the form of 104,000 tonnes of carbon reductions, and exports to the European Union with a reduction of $6,489.6 tonnes per tonne of carbon tax to be paid as compared to the coal-fired aluminium (based on the total elimination of the free quota by the EU). 2.4. The market value of corporate aluminium is low in the industry, with greater elasticity.
Based on comparable sales of electrolytic aluminium and single-ton sales in 2022, we have conducted a profit-side elastic test of potential different price increases in electrolytic aluminium in the future, with a 5%, 10%, and 15% increase in aluminium prices, and a 29%, 58%, and 87%, respectively, followed by the Chinese aluminium industry in comparable companies.
The company's electrolytic aluminum equity and market value, with the lowest market value comparable to that of the company, at only $17 million, is well below that of the comparable company. 3. Industrial change: macro-strength suppression, supply rigidity, demand change.
3.1. Electrolytic aluminium production capacity is rigidly constrained, with a positive feedback on aluminium price support, double carbon background consolidation and supply side changes, and electrolytic aluminium production is moving towards the ceiling. From 2001 to 2017, China increased its electrolytic aluminium production from 4.33 million tons to 43,568,000 tons high, with a compound annual increase of 15.52%.
The supply side reform began with strict government restrictions on the size of the additional capacity, all of which must be replaced by closing down old and productive capacity to achieve equivalent or reduced replacements. The Circular on Power Replacement through Merger Reorganization, etc., issued in 2018, progressively established a capacity ceiling of 45 million tons for the electrolytic aluminium industry.
According to the Mobil, as of October 2023, we had 47,249,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium, with an effective capacity of 42,979,000 tons, with a total capacity close to a maximum capacity of 45 million tons, with limited future increases. The production of electrolytic aluminium is influenced by multiple factors, and the rigidity of the production capacity is generating positive feedback on the support of aluminium prices.
In addition to being affected by supply-side reforms and double carbon policies, the ability to decompose aluminum is also affected by natural climates, and as single tons of electrolytic aluminium production consumes 13,500 degrees of electricity, fluctuations in electricity prices due to natural weather impacts will have a significant impact on the effective release of production capacity. In February 2023, the Yunnan electrolytic aluminium industry opened its third power limit this week, with overall voltage.
The reduction rate has increased to about 40 per cent of the base in September 2022, and the current power limit has resulted in a reduction of 3.287 million tons of aluminium production in the Yunkawa region alone, or 8.1 per cent of the country's electrolytic aluminum production capacity, in addition to natural rainfall.
Long, high replacement costs, inability to respond quickly to changes in natural weather, increased rigid constraints on the overall output of electrolytic aluminium, and positive feedback on the support of aluminium prices. Figure 26: Distribution of production capacity of electrolytic aluminium in China in September 2023
From “real estate leads” to “new energy-driven”, the demand structure for electrolytic aluminium is facing changes in the “double carbon”-enabled new energy sector with the potential to continue to grow, and the demand for aluminium is changing at a time when, in our view, the real estate sector is not unique to the economy as a whole, and the “carbon-neutral” is ambitious.
The long-term goal is to give a clear growth path to the new energy sector, and we expect that with the continued growth of trams and photovoltaics, the demand for electrolysis and aluminium will gain a new engine. From the completion of the construction, it is assumed that there will be a significant improvement in the short term in aluminium for construction, and there will be doubts about the long-term pattern of land-use orientation.
The intensive use of aluminium is mainly concentrated in the near-completed phase of the construction of houses, where the growth in the size of the construction can better reflect the demand for aluminium in the construction industry. In 2022, domestic housing began with a decline of 39.4% in volume, construction area, construction area growth rate of 7.2%, 15%, and intensive premises in 2023.
The production policy is the foundation for the completion of the construction of the city, but national confidence is still not growing effectively. At this point in time, we believe that the pattern of demand for aluminium in the real estate sector shows a short-term, long-term downward trend. 1) From the point of view of completion, the impact of the 2023 epidemic subsided, adding up to a series of “survivals” introduced by the State in November 2022.
As of September 2023, China had accumulated 19.8 per cent over the same period in terms of the construction of housing and short-term aluminium consumption. (2) From the point of view of sales and new construction, China's real estate sector is going through a two-year downward cycle, 2022.
In September, China experienced a 23.4 per cent decline in the area of new construction in houses, a 4.6 per cent decline in the volume of commercial housing sales in the same year, a continuation of the decline in the rate of growth, reflecting the current difficulties of housing companies in returning funds and the strain on cash flows, and we believe that the above-mentioned forward indicators could provide some guidance for the data on completion over the next two to four years, and that the continuity of the “survival building” would need to be reflected in the relevant policy.
Figure 29: Accumulated sales of merchandise houses in China as of the same date (%): China’s housing construction area as of the same date (%).
Aluminium alloys, based on their low density, high intensity, high resistance to corrosive physical properties, are currently the preferred means of achieving a light and quantitative whole vehicle, which can be reduced in weight while maintaining the overall strength and safety of the vehicle, mainly in the form of pre- and forward impact beams, water tank frames, machine caps, etc., according to Chinese gas.
Car Association data, 2,686 million vehicles sold in the country in 2022, of which 2,335,000 in passenger vehicles, or 87.7 per cent, 1) from the point of view of aluminium in bicycles, the volume of aluminium in new-energy vehicles is significantly higher than in conventional fuel vehicles, and according to Iai data, in 2022, the volume of aluminium in pure electric passenger cars in the country was 188 kg.
(a) Aluminium penetration of new energy sources and fuel vehicles will reach 50 per cent and 36 per cent by 2025, as projected by the cmgroup;
In fixed and sealed solar cell assemblies, while aluminium supports are mainly used to place, install and fix solar panels. Aluminium borders are light-quantifiable, corrosion-resistant, high structural stability features that are irreplaceable in photovoltaic support materials. Mystel studies and measurements show that aluminium consumption per gw photovoltile frame is 0.9 to 11 million tons, with each gw electric power.
The amount of aluminium required for the station construction is about 0.4-0.6 million tons. According to the National Energy Agency, in 2022, we introduced 1) from the point of view of the aluminium consumption of the photovoltage unit gw, to 210 with the reduction of the aluminium consumption of the silicon unit gw from 166-182 to 2023.
Aluminium volumes range from 15,000 to 14,000 tons. 2) From the point of view of China ' s total light voltage, we expect an increase in China ' s light voltage in 2023-2025. Figure 33: China ' s photovoltage component production (gw)
Figure 34: China’s photovoltage of new loaders (gw) 3.3. The profit center in the electrolytic aluminium industry is expected to move upwards, the average cost of low inventories is in the lower-line stage, and the profitability of the industry is increased by the cost end. With the supply of power coal,
Coal prices have been rising rapidly since September 2021, leading to a rapid increase in electricity costs, combined with a simultaneous increase in raw materials prices such as predecks and anodes, with a rapid increase in the average full cost of electrolytic aluminium enterprises to $20,117 per ton at a high point in November 2021, followed by a rapid fall in coal prices as coal prices were guided by windows; and in April 2022,
The Russian-Uber geopolitical risks have led to global concern about energy supply, with coal prices entering a second stage of increase; in 2023, as geopolitical risks have weakened further in their impact on basic energy prices, coal prices have fallen, precipitating the fall of sunny prices as coal asphalt and oil coke prices quickly fell to a level playing field.
The average single-ton profit in the electrolytic aluminium industry is around $2,200 per ton, and is largely industry-wide. The global low-stock situation has not improved, providing long-term upswing support for aluminium prices. In 2022, a year of energy crisis, domestic and foreign aluminium stocks remained relatively low, and as of 24 October 2023, lme aluminium stocks stood at 48.45 million.
We believe that, in the current position, the combined costs of electrolysis aluminium are moving downwards, while the low domestic and foreign inventories form upward support for aluminium prices, and the profits of the electrolytic aluminium industry are expected to increase.
Based on the macroeconomic situation and the company ' s own operations, we have made a central assumption of the price of future electrolytic aluminium: 1) volume: by the end of 2022, the company was currently operating at 3.05 million tons, and based on its internal production objectives in 2023 and our expectations of improved electricity performance in Yunnan, we expect the company to die in 2024 and 2025.
2. Prices: At the macro level, we judge that the macro-negative factors caused by high inflation in Europe and the United States are expected to fade over the past year and that the weakening of the dollar against bulk commodities is expected to weaken; at the supply and demand levels, electrolytic aluminium production is constrained by hardness, real estate demand for aluminium is expected to remain stable and new energy sources are expected to remain stable under the long-term influence of the national policy of “safe houses”
The vehicle and photovoltaic industries will steadily increase the demand to pull aluminium from year to year, and we expect the average tax-bearing aluminium price to be $21,300/22500/23,000 per tonne for 2023-2025; as a result of the “aluminium price plus processing fee” pricing model for the company's aluminium processing operations, it is expected that the price of the company's processing operations in 2023-2025 will be added to the price of aluminium for the current year by reference to the average price for processing fees over the last three years
In addition, $1150, the company is expected to increase its Aluminium processing Māori rate, due to the transfer of 100% of the lower Māori stockholdings and 51% of the cloud held by the lower Aluminium stock to the upper end of Central Aluminium. For the first time, taking into account the company’s high performance elasticity, the prospect of a future carbon tax plus, and the company’s lower valuation,
Coverage gives companies a "buy-in" rating. 1) Downstream demand is less than expected. Downstream consumption of aluminium is mainly real estate, electricity, and transportation.
The pace of completion has been faster since 2023, but data on new start-ups have declined significantly over the same period, and demand for aluminium has been significantly affected by the weakening of the completion of land in the following year; on the power end, photovoltaics have been mainly in the direction of aluminium growth; on the other hand, lower demand for photovoltaic components abroad, as a result of the recession in the world economy; and on the transport end, new energy vehicles appear to be the main source of demand for aluminium.
Aluminium demand for automobiles is growing in a direction that, in the wake of policy changes, slows the growth of new energy vehicles, uses aluminium demand as a whole, has some financial attributes for aluminium as a bulk commodity, and the continued strengthening of the dollar will have a downward-pressure effect on aluminium prices.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.