Increased quantity of electrolytic aluminium, delayed q3 performance 29 October 2023
Production of q3 is estimated at 660,000 tons. Yunnan electrolytic aluminium is gradually reproducing in June, and has returned to production in August, with the aluminium oxide ring ratio - 0.49%, the positive price ring ratio - 8.88%, the cost of electrolytic aluminium falling, the calculation of a profit of q3 tons before taxes on aluminium, $2138, and a 24-dollar ring increase. Yunnan electrolytic aluminium is reproducing in June, and we expect the start-up fee.
Qiu Joo’s performance has been delayed. (3) The asset-liability ratio has fallen and the operating cash flow has improved. As profits improve, companies continue to pay their debts.
Research assistant Sun Erchun, debt falls, company q3 repays short-term loans of $400 million and short-term loans of only $70 million at the end of q3.The company q3 net operating cash flow inflows of $2.48 billion, an increase of $1.83 billion over the ring; cash flows from investment activities
Keeping low - 300 million yuan, with $3.98 billion in monetary funds at the end of q3. Looking ahead: high performance elasticity, green aluminum highlighting long-term value \triangleright
(1) Costs are relatively stable and elastic. The company’s electricity prices fluctuated seasonally, but they remained stable throughout the year, with costs at a low level throughout the country, the company’s capacity for electrolytic aluminium production was high, the company’s projected equity output of 2023 was 1.93 million tons, relatively low costs and high capacity, and the company’s elastic performance was high.
Aluminium shares (000807.sz) were reported in the semi-annual report for 2023.
The balance sheet, profit statement, cash flow statement were optimized, and the company ' s full impairment in 2021 and the release of its performance in 2022 proved that the company could be light-loaded in the future and that its future performance was assured. (3) Under the “double carbon” goal, the value of green aluminium was highlighted.
3. Alumina shares (000807.sz) were reported for the year 2022: the continental carbon tariff policy, based on carbon prices at the end of October 2023, exempting green aluminium from future carbon prices of $5621/tonne at the end of October of the year, and green aluminium at a cost of $765/t, with a promising value.
Investment proposal: Beta in electrolytic aluminium industry, high output and high performance elasticity of electrolytic aluminium, and green aluminium \triangleright \triangleright
One incident: the company issued a three-monthly report in 2023, performance of 22023q3: electrolytic aluminium volume up, and the cost of opening tanks delayed: 660,000 tons of q3. Yunnan electrolytic aluminium was gradually regenerated in June, and it was regenerated in August.
q3 tons of aluminium oxide is expected to continue to be fully produced, with q3 producing at 370,000 tons of aluminium ring ratio-0.49%, a positive price ratio of 8.88%, a decline in the cost of electrolytic aluminium, a projection of q3 tons of aluminium pre-tax profit of $2138 and a 24-dollar rise in the ring. Yunnan electrolytic aluminium is back in production in June, and we expect the start-up fee.
2023q3, the company ' s net profit relative to the previous year decreased and the ring increased. The ring comparison shows a 0.3 pc decrease in the main profit point gross 3 fee rate, a 1.3 pcc decrease in the Māori rate and a 1.7 pc decrease in the net interest rate respectively.
As profits continue to improve, companies continue to pay their debts, borrowing, debt falls, companies q3 repay short-term loans of $400 million and short-term loans of only $70 million at the end of q3. Companies q3 have net inflows of operating cash flows of $2.48 billion, an increase of $1.83 billion; investment activities are now active.
Gold outflows remain low - 300 million yuan, with a monetary fund of 4 billion yuan at the end of q3.3 Performance is high, green aluminum highlights a relatively stable long-term value of 3.1 and high elastic performance.
Electricity costs are stable, and aluminium oxide prices have an advantage. Although Yunnan’s electricity prices vary more seasonally, they are not affected by coal prices. Trade prices have risen somewhat, but they remain stable, with the average price of electricity traded in 2022 at $226/mwh, an increase of $47/mwh compared to 2017, plus network fees, politics.
In 2022, the company, among others, had an average electricity price of about 400 yuan/mwh, free of taxes, 354 yuan/mwh, which is low in the country. Yunnan is close to Guangxi, which is rich in bauxite resources, has a very short age of development, and has a long bank line in the Guangxi Sea, where it is easier to import bauxite in the future.
With the decline in the grade of bauxite in Henan and Shanxi, Guangxi’s advantage is likely to expand further. 3.2 Carbon deals are on the rise, green aluminium values are on the rise, domestic carbon deals are on the rise, and carbon prices are on the rise.
To determine the total amount of the quota, the price of carbon will be set by market transactions. In 2021, the national carbon trade started and the price of carbon started to move up, mainly in the electricity sector, where it is now about $70/tonne, and the scarcity of carbon emissions will gradually be reflected in the future as energy-intensive industries such as electrolytic aluminium are included.
All right. Depending on the “double carbon” policy target, there is much room for future upswings in domestic carbon prices, in line with the trend in European carbon prices. Domestic carbon prices are currently volatile around $70/t, converted into electrolytic aluminium costs, green aluminium saves $765/t, and green aluminium saves $5621/t at European carbon trading prices at the end of October 2023, green.
On February 9, 2023, the European Parliament's Committee on Environment, Public Health and Food Safety (envi) formally adopted the European Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (cbam).
The agreement, which entered into force on 1 October 2023, calls for the imposition of carbon duties on iron and steel, cement, aluminium, fertilizer, etc., which began in 2026, with the phasing out of the free quota until 2034. The formula for the EU carbon tariff is as follows:
cbam = carbon content x (EU carbon payment cost - exporting country carbon payment cost) Our carbon trading mechanism has developed late, carbon quotas have been issued sufficiently, carbon prices are far lower than those in Europe, and domestic electrolytic aluminium will face high tariffs as European carbon tariff policy lands. According to the tariff-based formula, exports to Europe will take place.
The commodity is equivalent to a carbon-emission fee based on European carbon prices, which rose significantly for fossil energy fuels, according to the difference between European and domestic carbon prices at the end of October 2023, and China ' s carbon duty on the export of electrolytic aluminium to Europe was approximately $5621 per tonne.
In 2021, in Yunnan's power structure, hydropower accounted for as much as 80% of new energy sources, wind and other sources of electricity, renewable energy accounted for as much as 87%, electrolytic aluminium carbon emissions were low, and green aluminium was characteristic of the future.
By the end of October 2023, domestic carbon prices were over $70 per ton, converted to electrolytic aluminium cost savings of more than $765 per ton (with companies saving about $666 per ton for renewable energy, taking into account the share of renewable energy), while green aluminium had a huge advantage for exporting to Europe.
The cost savings are $5621 per tonne (which companies can save about $4890 per tonne, taking into account the share of renewable energy), and the value of green aluminium is likely to rise further in view of the increasing carbon constraints in the future. The corporate electrolytic aluminium assets are located in Yunnan, and the value of green aluminium is significant in the long term.
Figure 20: Yunnan Power Source Structure 2021 Figure 21: Cost of carbon emissions from domestic electrolysis aluminium (in yuan/tons) 4 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations 4
Profit predictions and ratings: The electrolytic aluminium industry is exposed to beta, the electrolytic aluminum is highly productive and has a high degree of elasticity, while 1) the demand for electrolytic aluminum downstream is less than expected. The company’s performance is more influenced by aluminium prices and the demand for electrolytic aluminum is weaker, leading to lower prices, which will have an impact on the company’s profitability.
In Yunnan, production limits are higher than expected. The lack of electricity supply in Yunnan, coupled with the apparent expansion of the high-energy-consuming sector, and the acute lack of electricity in the water, may result in higher production limits than expected. 3) The electrolytic aluminium industry has not progressed as much as expected in the carbon trade.
The company's financial statement data projections are aggregated, methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.