Cost advantages added to product premium, long-term value of high-green aluminium taps, Aluminium shares (000807.sz) October 18, 2023
• Power supply stabilizes, profitability improves, and green aluminium premium co-opts are expected to grow in the long term. With the easing of power tensions in Yunnan in the first half of the year, the company's electrolytic aluminum production will be fully operational by early August, compounding the price of molten aluminum, and lowering the cost of electrolytic aluminium raw materials.
In the medium-to-long term, with the continued construction of Yunnan, the shortage of water power is expected to improve effectively in the future, the company’s production-limited capacity is expected to free up the supply and demand gap and aluminium prices are expected to rise, while the overall rate of the company’s aluminum-processing products is expected to rise as a result of the reorganization of the group’s operations.
The company is expected to continue to benefit from green aluminum premiums. We see long-term growth in the company, which is expected to continue to grow, with the company having a strong green aluminum advantage, with the first “buy-in” rating being covered. • “low-cost + low-carbon” highlights the company’s long-term value, and the stability of Yunnan’s electricity supply is expected to improve continuously.
From a globalization perspective, the relatively cheap and stable electricity costs of hydropower have given rise to a higher safety margin for hydroelectric aluminium, which is the core mooring river through which hydroelectric aluminium assets can cross the cycle. At the same time, the low-carbon advantage of hydropower aluminium is expected to be further highlighted in the global carbon neutralization context.
● Domestic electrolytic aluminium supply and demand are tight, electricity is lightened and prices are rising. At the end of the supply, domestic production is now approaching the compliance target ceiling, there is a limited increase overseas in the short and medium term, and electrolytic aluminium is supplied.
At the demand end, the guaranteed building policy is still supportive of the completion of the construction, and the rapid development of photovoltaics and new energy vehicles is expected to supplement the demand for real estate terminals and the supply and demand gap is expected to continue to widen. Aluminium prices are strong and pre-period production capacity is released, and company performance is expected to improve.
● Reorganization of business within the Central Aluminum Group, where the profitability of the aluminium processing business is expected to increase. The relatively low Māori rate in the company's aluminium processing business is due mainly to the capacity of some aluminium processing industries and the heavy business load within the group. The company has removed this part of the low Māori asset, and the Māori rate in the aluminium processing business is expected to increase.
The company was founded in 1970, formerly a Yunnan aluminium factory, and changed its market in 1998 to a deep-seated version of the green power system. The company, relying on Toyunnan's rich green power, vigorously implemented green.
The Integrated Aluminium Development Strategy has now established the advantages of an integrated green aluminium industry with a concentration of bauxite, aluminium oxide, carbon products, aluminium smelting, aluminium processing as a whole. In 2022, the proportion of green electricity in the company's production structure reached about 88.6 per cent, the only “national environment friendly” among my national non-ferrous metal industry and western regional industrial enterprises.
Business, also one of the first companies to be certified as a carbon footprint of a product in a domestic firm, is the carbon footprint of a major product: the company insists on a low-carbon development path, and the green aluminum advantage continues to be highlighted.
In China, the aluminium industry became a controlling shareholder in the U-Aluminium industry after the transfer of 659 million shares (19% of the company’s total share capital) of the company. The Chinese aluminium industry was a leading company in the country’s aluminium industry, producing up to 176.4 million tons of aluminium oxide in 2022, which could effectively compensate for the company’s oxygen.
Aluminium production is not sufficient for self-sustainability, making full use of industrial synergies. In addition, the Sino-Aluminium platform has the advantage of enhancing corporate voice and market influence, enhancing supply and bargaining power, and contributing to high-quality corporate development. Figure 2: China ' s aluminium industry is a company-owned shareholder with direct shares of 29.1% (up to 2023/08/07)
The company’s focus on electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing has continued to grow at a high rate of profitability. Since 2018, the company has continued to focus on the main industry, with a declining share of trade and other business revenues, with 97.72 per cent of the proceeds of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium processing in the first half of 2023, becoming the company’s core business.
In 2022, the company returned to its parent net profit company, based on its unique position in Yunnan, actively expanding its surrounding markets. The company is located in Yunnan Province, southwest of China, China, Chuen, and the South-East Asia and South Asia Aluminium Consumption Markets, with radioactive belts,
The company was active in exploiting the surrounding market, with sales of alloys in the vicinity of the department growing by about 63% on a year-on-year basis, further reducing the cost of marketing.2 The company focused on hydroelectric aluminium, “low-cost + low-carbon” highlights its long-term value.
In the context of globalization, cost comparative advantages are related to the growth and decline of the regional electrolytic aluminium industry. As a bulk commodity, electrolytic aluminium depends on the global macro-policy environment and market supply and demand, and electrolytic aluminium is negotiated downstream on the basis of commodity properties.
With less capacity, production costs are particularly important in the competition of markets. Firms with lower production costs have higher security margins, and are able to last longer, and even beyond, at the bottom of the cycle.
The round-trip commodity cycle and the energy crisis show more clearly that the down-cycle phase is a retreat from firms with higher electricity costs or higher external energy dependency. With the two oil crises of the 1970’s, for example, oil prices surged in the region’s electric power costs for the electrolytic aluminium industry, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan,
The electrolytic aluminium industry in countries and regions with high external energy dependency in Western Europe has suffered a devastating blow, and the global electrolytic aluminium industry has begun to accelerate the supply of sufficient energy to Canada, Australia, Latin America, the Gulf, etc., with low electricity costs.
In Yunnan’s case, the cost of electricity during the water-rich period has significantly reduced the cost of electricity throughout the year. According to Kunming Power Exchange Centre, the cost of electricity is lower than the price of electricity.
The average price of electricity is about 33.58% lower. Given that the winter spring season in Yunnan still has limited production, and production is more concentrated throughout the year, the price of electricity during the water-rich period is more pronounced than the annual cost of electricity used by Yunnan. 2.2 The advantage of hydropower aluminum is further highlighted in the carbon neutralization and context.
Electrolysis aluminium is a high-energy, high-carbon-emission industry, and is under considerable pressure to reduce emissions in the context of a two-carbon policy. The country’s electrolytic aluminum production is dominated by pyrotechnic aluminium, which, according to the International Aluminium Association, accounted for as much as 82% of the electricity and electricity from electrolytic aluminum in 2021.In September 2020, we officially proposed to achieve carbon peaks by 2030, carbon neutrality by 2060, and emission reduction policies.
The strategy continues to be strengthened. The Carbon Reaching Program for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry, published in November 2022, proposes “to motivate and direct non-ferrous metal enterprises to actively discourage the use of green power trading and the purchase of green electricity certificates, among other things.