The new model opens a new cycle, the supply chain is open to create a new dynamic — Biadi (002594.sz) covers the first time that the report .
New-energy automobiles are the company's biggest consideration. The market for new-energy vehicles in January-July 2018 was close to 20 per cent, and sales are expected to reach 200,000 a year. In 2018, the Dynasty series of remodeled cars will continue to be marketed, and the basic continuation mileage of new products will exceed the New Deal's highest threshold, with high energy density making pure electric power.
At present, the monthly sales are close to 4500, and Tang's second-generation sales have reached 10,000 in August. The new model has been improved in the areas of cruise miles, interiors, car electronics, and dragonface family language.
• A sharp change of organization and strategy, and the gradual opening up of the supply chain system: since 2017, the company has initiated internal reforms to create an organizational structure for the Department of Enterprise Plus.
In addition, the company’s core supply chain has been declared open, and there is now substantial collaboration with such automobile factories as Chang An, Dong Feng, etc.
One of the only targets of the three core power lines is to open up the external supply market for the core component business, to finance it and to release greater value through capital markets. Expanding power cell capacity and consolidating new energy poles:
Companies are expanding their production capacity, which is planned to reach 100 gwh, and are expected to be released. As a new energy driver, stable and adequate battery capacity will have great advantages, with core technology competing power, to see that it benefits from the considerable progress made by the expansion of the industry in the medium and long term.
Openness, which is a clear and flexible indicator of marginal improvement, covers for the first time a “recommended” rating. Prices are falling as a result of competition in the new energy sector, and prices of upstream raw materials are rising.
2. The traditional Biadi secondary battery and cellular component operations have been growing steadily at around 10 per cent; 3. The level of Māori in the company ' s business sectors has remained relatively stable; 4.2025 years ago there was no directional reversal in technological upgrades and policy directions for the electricization of new energy vehicles;
In terms of industry, we have analysed the industry position and future growth expectations of each of the four major segments of Yadi’s business. What is expected to improve significantly in the short term is the motor vehicle business plate, which is the most visible point.
Since then, new cars have led to branding upwards, car plates entering the new product cycle. 2. The market believes that Biadi’s business structure is more fragmented and corporate development is more uncertain.
In the future, the company’s goal will be a new integrated energy package provider, with broad prospects. Firms are keen to reform their organization and strategy, and supply chain systems are gradually open to the outside world, changing their past closure.
At the same time, the company’s core supply chain has been declared open, and the power cell business is now working substantively with vehicles such as Chang An and Dong Feng. As the only standard in the entire garage with a core three-power operation, watch the core component business.
External financing through external supply-and-sale markets, with greater value being released through capital markets. 4. Expand power cell capacity to consolidate new energy poles. Companies are expanding capacity to 100 gwh, which is expected to be released. As a new-energy car company, they have stable and adequate battery production.
It would have the greatest advantage of being competitive in core technologies, looking at the long-term benefits of the expansion of the industry in the medium to long term, to cater to consumer demand for the entire new generation of Byadi dynasty. The firm’s short- and medium- and long-term performance has been more certain.
And 25.2 times as much. Given that there has been a significant improvement in the use of vehicles, the supply chain system is open to the outside world and is a visible and flexible indicator of marginal improvement, with the first “recommended” rating being covered.
Risks of policy change in the new energy automobile industry; risks of less-than-expected technological upgrading of enterprises; downside price risks associated with high competition in the new energy-source industry; and upstream price increases in raw materials.
1.1 The battery business began with a 23-car cycle, gradually developing diversified operational synergies. Biadi was founded in 1995 on the size of only 20 people and, after 23 years of development, has extended its operations to include automobiles, mobile phones and conventional fuel and new energy vehicles.
Figure 1: Biadi's business layout, Biadi's development has gone from imitation to catching up, to a crazy expansion to a robust and diversified layout, and it's going to be a great deal of work.
Biyadi’s current global headquarters is located at the Shenzhen Hill Industrial Park, and there are more than 30 industrial parks around the world.
In addition to the mainland region, Biadi has factories in India, Europe, and the United States. Biadi is currently divided into five major business groups, namely, passenger cars, commercial vehicles, cloud tracks, electronics, batteries, and a number of departments. In addition, the company has limited public sales through its subsidiaries, Biadi Motors Industries Ltd., Biadi Motors.
On November 18, 2017, Wang Tsienfu announced the restructuring of the organizational structure, which will be divided according to business lines, to create the organizational structure of the Department of Business Plus, which will allow teams to take advantage of collaborative development and professional specialization.
The aim is to bridge the boundaries between industries, industries, and industries, and to increase the efficiency of Biadi’s organization and the speed of market response. This adjustment involves issues such as the streamlining of organizational structures, corporate behaviour and internal governance, and the harmonization of corporate development concepts.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report in 2018, more than 5 per cent of shareholders (including a+h shares) were in Hong Kong, respectively.
In addition to the Settlement (Agent) Ltd. (25.26% shareholding), Wang Xiaofu (18.79% shareholding), Lu Xiaoyang (8.77% shareholding), Birkhshi Hasawe Energy (8.25% shareholding) and the Melting Investment Holdings (5.96% shareholding), the founder of the company, Chasau, held 3.96% all shares, and Shanghai Samsung Semiconductor Ltd. held shares
1.92 per cent and 1.19 per cent of the SIP shareholdings. Biadi's shareholder structure is illustrative.Byadi established the SIP in 2015 and announced the renewal of the SIP in 2017 and 2018 respectively.
The board agreed to extend the stock-holding scheme for the company’s employees for three years and to continue to hold the company’s shares, highlighting the staff’s confidence in the company’s future steady growth and the value of the company’s shares. 1.3. Financial indicators are under pressure in the short term, with both locations having a strong ability to raise funds on the market.
Since the stock market, companies have made great strides in terms of income and overall asset volume, increasing the size of their spending on external capital and operating cash. In terms of revenue structure, Biadi’s share of the car plate since 2010 has consistently exceeded that of cellular components.
The combined ratio is around 90%, which is the main driver of corporate development. In contrast to the Māori ratio of the product, the car plate has the highest Māori ratio, with mobile phone parts and secondary battery operations on average below 10%.
The level of profitability of the company increased significantly in 2015-2016, but the policy of new energy automobile subsidies continued to fall back in 2017 and 2018, and the transitional bus was directly subsidized at 0.4 times the price of the car by 0.7 times the cost of the vehicle, while the market rates of the car were raised as a result of the introduction of the new model.
The decline in the rate has led to a decline in the overall profit level. In the future, business profitability is expected to recover as automobile sales pick up and subsidy policies fall. Figure 8: Corporate Mäori Rates and Net Interest Rate Levels
Figure 9: Company roe and roic levels (%) listed by Biadi in Hong Kong and the Mainland, with two increases and one increase in shares in Hong Kong and a since listing, respectively, with cumulative financing from the open stock market amounting to $22.6 billion.
For 3a, there is a strong multi-channel financing strength.2 New vehicle cycles are opened, sales growth is catching up 2.1, new energy vehicles are entering the market during real demand-driven periods
In terms of the structure of total domestic sales, the share of the suv market has been rising over the past few years, suggesting that the logic of development is shifting from a subsidy-driven to an industry-based demand. In the future, the market for the suv sales of the labels in the traditional fuel truck market can be judged.
The gradual upscaling of new-energy cars will also lead the market to real growth. At present, the penetration rate of new-energy vehicles is still below 10 per cent in terms of the volume of production and sales, and the promotion of new-energy-use car-types is expected to drive 2018 as the product year.
According to the big data analysis released by the Automotive House in September 2018, the distribution of new energy user sales lead car prices has shown a gradual increase in the market share of high-priced new-energy vehicles from 2014 to 2017, and has diluted the existing low-price market share year by year. Of this, $142 million has become a concern for potential new energy users.
In addition, as battery technology has developed in recent years, electric cars with a high range of 300 km or more have gradually become the mainstream, and the number of sales leads for high-value electric vehicles has increased significantly.
Trends in the proportion of sales leads for different serial mileage electric cars, according to big data from the Automotive House, are still a matter of concern to consumers and a painful point of industrial development.
2.2. Blast-type drive into the new cycle of vehicle operations