Researchchand developmentcenter to create a major investment in corporate business
- First-time coverage by the China Galaxy Corporation (601881).
The company that is also the central money transfer system includes the Hong Kong and China Galaxy (601881).
China's Milky Way, the “national team” of securities finance platforms and the securities industry and capital markets, which are important under the umbrella of the Hong Kong Corporation, will be able to take advantage of the country's development policies in a timely manner and benefit from synergies of resources.
The new Managing Director, who was the head of the China-China Investment Bank, is expected to lead the short-boarding business. The new Managing Director, Wang Xing, has been in charge of the company for more than 20 years, joined the Chinese Galaxy in 2022, and has been involved in developing a new three-year plan for the company. The management is well aware of the current galactic securities market.
Institutional reforms have not been put in place, the investment culture has not been sufficiently developed, and follow-up or will contribute to the improvement of market-based institutional mechanisms, the consolidation of internal resources, and the upgrading of investment capacity. As performance has grown significantly in recent years, the – – roll-out of securities at the Roe level has been driven mainly by the self-employed bond business.
Since 2018, the company has been leading the industry at the same rate as the previous year, and its performance has grown significantly. By 2023h, the company had been in the second largest position in the industry after the first half of the year, with 5.1% of the company ' s roe.
At the beginning of the company’s existence, the Ministry of Commerce was expanded to cover 487 businesses covering 31 provinces and cities in the country, with the largest number of establishments in the industry.
By taking the lead at the table level, self-sustained revenue contributes to a marked increase in performance. 2023h, corporate leverage is only in the main direction. Subsequent regulatory easing of the securities industry’s wind-controlled regulatory indicators may continue to drive firm-based profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect business earnings from the Galaxy in China for 2023-2025, respectively.
The risk factors based on the pb-roe approach are: corporate strategic development is hampered; market occupancy rates are declining; market competition is increasing; net capital is in place; and the net capital is in place.
I've got a strong background and a high-profile salesman.
1. Established to consolidate the operations of financial institutions, with growing capital, China Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. is the leading integrated financial service provider in China’s securities industry. In 2000, it was established by the former Chinese Chinese company, the Chinese Great Wall Trust Investment Corporation, the former Chinese East Trust Investment Corporation, and the former Chinese firm, Shinda.
Financial institutions such as the Trust Investment Corporation, the former Chinese Trust Investment Corporation, and the Department of Securities and Exchanges share well-known brands. In 2007, the Chinese Galaxy Financial Controls, which are the main sponsors, joined four domestic institutional investors in setting up the China Galaxy Securities Corporation, and acquired limited Galaxy-based securities and related assets.
The company is well known in the market as a large number of outlets, and the number of businesses is stable and concentrated in economically developed areas. By the time the former State-owned Department of Banking Securities was merged, it had 167 businesses as of 2005, the year of the limited restructuring of the Galaxy.
In May 2013, the company first went to Hong Kong to the Hong Kong Associated Office, where it had completed the exercise of the overstocking option, with a total of 1.606 billion shares. h: in May 2015, the company distributed 2 billion shares: in January 2017, the company made its first public offer.
From 30th to the end of the second quarter of 2023, a cumulative sum of 2,084 million won in “old-middle-bank” debt was converted to a share in general equity, as a result of table 1, China's history of the Milky Way,2 and the company's high-level executives' experience under the flag of the money company.
On 30th of the month, 49.15% of the shares issued by Galaxy holding companies, with the exception of the ratio of h shares to 34.95%, the share of other shareholders is less than 1%, and the share of the company is more concentrated. Central remittance funds, through 69.07% of the shares in China’s Galaxy, account for 34.62% of the shares of indirect holding companies.
In China, as a “national team” of important securities finance platforms and securities industries and capital markets under the umbrella of a company, the Galaxy has the ability to manage the country’s development policy in a timely manner and to benefit from synergies of resources. The company’s board members are all drawn from the remittance system, and management has a rich industry background.
In the case of management, Wang Xing, acting Chairman of the Corporation, is also the head and deputy director of the Executive Board, and the company is more efficient in its central decision-making. The executive members of the Corporation have a rich industry background, in industry associations, in the submission of boards of directors, etc.
Institutions are also responsible for functions, experience and resources in the industry.3 Corporate structures are flat, lines of business are clear, corporate management is flat, and there are six lines of business. The company’s board of directors consists of five executive committees, strategic development committees, etc.
Committees, where companies operate directly under management and are accountable to boards of directors and executive boards. Business management is flat, divided mainly into wealth management operations, investment banking, institutional operations, international operations, investment transactions and other parent-and-child division integrated operations of 6. Main subsidiaries, Galaxy futures, Galaxy innovation capital, Galaxy international holdings, Galaxy gold sinks, etc.
Galaxy is primarily responsible for the company’s futures business, private fund-raising operations, international operations, asset management operations, and alternative investment services, all of which are 100% of the company’s holdings.
From the point of view of the securities association, the total assets, net assets, net profits of the company remain at the top 10 levels of the industry, and the Roe has risen significantly.
The growth in the size of assets has been steady, and the scale of assets has continued to rise. Since 2019, with the exception of the $7.8 billion that companies can transfer, assets have grown faster than the industry for many years in a row, and the combined strength has risen steadily.
The net profit earned by the mother was 17.41 billion yuan, or 4.4 per cent, or 4.94 billion yuan, or +14.2 per cent, and the net profit earned was all in line.
In terms of the company’s revenue structure, the 130 per cent rate of corporate brokerage, investment, capital management, credit, and self-employment (among other business expenditures) reflects the higher level of the company’s use of the chart. Parity continues to be ahead of industry, with the company’s first half-year roe being 5.1 per cent, and industry ranked second, second only, after the China-China investment.
During the same period, the corporate leverage rate, excluding client funds, rose from 2.97 to 4.88, and was ranked second among listed dealers, after two, “One Five” and “Five Ones”, with weak chains. The latest three-year strategic development plan adopted by the company's board of directors, which clearly describes the business model that will be built into the “Five Ones”
International top-class Modern Investment Bank. Over the past year, the company has been overhauling its business structure, setting up an institutional business line, and pushing out a one-stop financial services platform for institutional clients — a bank bow, investing in the organization's operations. 1) Brokering: Underline layout leads, with stronger customer resources.
In the first half of 2023, corporate brokerage generated $2.88 billion, or 12.4 per cent, of the revenue from the market, which was affected by the downside of the market, and corporate revenue from the sales of financial products, which fell from $179 million in 2019.
According to the company’s operational component, it is concentrated in the economic regions of Guangdong, Zhejiang, Beijing, Shanghai and Jiangsu provinces. The extensive down-the-line layout creates a large and growing base of individual brokers. By the end of 2022, the total number of company clients exceeded 14 million, the number of new clients opened in 2022 was 1,084,000, and the number of open businesses was 7.48 per cent.
Figure 19: Purchase of securities on behalf of corporate brokerage operations, Guangdong Province
Zhejiang Province, Beijing City, Shanxi Province
Shandong Province, Shanghai City, Fujian Province
Jiangsu Province Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre 2) Credit operations: Stable market share, stock pledge risk manageable
Increased interest expenditure on the sale of repurchase financial assets and reduced interest income on financing coupons. Corporate finance coupon stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock stock overall continued to shrink, and credit risk overall was manageable. 2023h, stock pledge balance business was to be bought back, self-employment: leverage around solid claims assets or benefit from deregulation targets.
Corporate self-employment income and financial investment assets continue to rise rapidly. In recent years, corporate self-investment returns have been sustained largely because of the rapid growth in the size of corporate financial investment assets since 2019.
With regard to off-site derivatives, companies are actively pursuing the concept of innovative business development, continuously refining derivatives trading strategies and products, expanding off-site derivatives, focusing on index-type products and deep-farming product structural innovation and customer trading services, meeting the current regulatory cap on corporate leverage, which was liberalized when the CSRC responded to journalists' questions on 18 August.
On 3 November, the CSRC made further public comments on the Standard Rules for the Calculation of Securities Companies' Risk Control Indicators, expanding the capital space of high-quality securities companies. The relaxation of subsequent risk monitoring indicators is expected to give further impetus to the company’s base, and to its investments: as a core strategy, it is expected that the scale will increase.
The average share of income in adjusted revenue is only 4.2 per cent, and according to figures from Vande, the size of the company ' s ipo, the size of the refinancing as a whole, is in the industry, figure 29: ipo size and city share, figure 30: size of refinancing and city share
Figure 31: Size of creditor financing and city occupancy The company has a leading front line, led by a new president with many years of leadership experience at the head platform, and the growth in corporate investment is expected.
1) At the leadership and strategic level, in July 2022, the Ministry of Investments of the former Central Gold Company, which has nearly 20 years of experience in investing, was responsible for joining Galaxy securities and participating in the development of a new three-year plan to move the company from a “traditional voucher dealer” to a “modern pool” that provides a full life cycle of financial services to clients of all types of enterprises.
In 2023, the company's business line was put in place. The firm's strategic plan was deployed for a new three-year period, with investment bank experts who build confidence among entrepreneurs as key business strategies, to further advance the process of professionalizing the process, optimizing team set-up and staffing, improving governance mechanisms, and synergizing the development of client resources.
2) In terms of mechanisms, corporate management has made it clear that “brainage mechanisms need to be rationalized, good talent brought in, differentiated incentive strategies are central to the talent strategy”, that companies have gradually established business-specific pay incentives on the main lines, and that “the weaker the cycle is to increase the pool of talent and wait for market opportunities”.
3) In terms of the workforce, there is a steady increase in the size of the company’s current portfolio, with some gap and scope for improvement. According to the Securities Industry Association, as of October 2023, the number of company sponsors stood at 98, an increase over the previous period, but the gap with the head.
Strengthening of the project reserve in equity financing operations, enhancement of project carrying standards and integrated service delivery capacity, realization of 2 singleipo projects through stock exchange listing meetings, 2 refinancing projects registered for entry into force, 1 refinancing project through audit by exchange; and, on the other hand, strengthening of operational synergies in bond financing operations to further leverage local government debt, financial debt, short-term finance vouchers, determinations
Business opportunities for tools and medium-term instruments. 2023h1, corporate bonds amounting to RMB 17,6258 million, compared with the increase, anticipates that companies will continue to pursue professional reforms in the future, guided by a new strategy of “Three Ones, Five Ones” that will enhance professional capacity, deepen team-building, increase the pool of talent, promote internal resource consolidation and enhance the overall investment stock.
In the context of equity financing operations, while strengthening team design and implementation capacity, overall upgrading of integrated financial services such as industry research, resource integration, value-seeking, etc., seeks to increase the market share of ipo operations in priority industries and priority regions, steadily expand the reserve of refinancing operations, consolidate the niche features of the development of the North Exchange and restore competitiveness of M & A restructuring operations.
In the area of debt-consolidation operations, take advantage of corporate debt, business debt opportunities arising from the restructuring of national industrial policies; explore innovative bond varieties; enhance investment in asset securitization and reits operations.
Corporate capital management operations are divided mainly into asset management and private equity operations, and are primarily responsible for the new capital of Galaxy and Galaxy, a wholly owned subsidiary. Given the size of the collection, the company has been actively promoting the transformation of the capital management business in recent years, which has led to a downward trend in operating income.
1) In the traditional asset management business, companies consolidate the strength of the product at the end of the product, actively enrich product groups, speed up the layout of the management business, upgrade the proactive management capacity, accelerate the development of a matrix of managed products, and initially develop a diversified product system focusing on the development of “back-collected plus” products as core, equity, hybrid products, etc.
The channels, the establishment of sound marketing systems and incentives, doubled the size of the collection of small aggregates in 2022 and contributed strongly to the optimization of the structure of the company ' s products and income structure. 2023h, the size of the entrusted asset management in Galaxy is RMB 11,845 million, of which the single asset management product is RMB 63.229 billion, which has been significantly reduced in size in recent years.
2) Galaxy Innovation focuses on high-quality development themes in order to promote the growth of asset management, focusing on investment capacity. As of 2023h, Galaxy Innovation is managing 17 private fund-raising funds, with a total of RMB 250.04 billion and a total of RMB 2,967 million.
5. International operations: The performance of South-East Asia is stable and the performance of South-East Asia is stable and the size of assets is growing steadily. Companies provide services such as brokering and sales, investment banking, research and asset management to global institutional clients, business customers and retail customers, mainly through operational platforms such as Galaxy International Holdings, Galaxy-UNCHAN.
The growth in performance and size since 2018 has been significant, with 2023h, the total assets of Galaxy international holdings amounting to $35,860 million, up from the beginning of the year, when international operations expanded to South-East Asia, with an increasing share. Companies focused on South-East Asia as a source of international operations, building well-developed international service chains, and stockbrokering in key regional markets such as Singapore, Malaysia, etc.
In January 2018, Galaxy International and the Malaysian Union Group completed 50% of the stock deals, and the joint venture was renamed “Galaxy-Chang”, with the entire division entering the South-East Asian market. On December 7, 2021, Galaxy International completed the deal at a price of 649 million yuan.
The Galactic-Chang holdings were closed for 25% of the Galactic-Chang holdings. The Galactic-Chang holdings were 75%. In 2022, Galaxy-Chang securities, Galaxy-Chang holdings remained in absolute leadership in the ASEAN core market, with the stockbrokers continuing to rank first in the Singapore market and from 3rd to 1st in the Malaysian market.
6. Institutional operations: The system of services has been completed, and the full chain of service providers that institutional clients rely on are included in the five Ones strategy, which is a priority direction for the future. In the company’s “Strategic Development Plan 2023-2025” business is listed as one of the key development directions of the “Five Ones”.
In the first half of 2023, the company focused on “the full chain of service providers that institutional clients rely on,” setting up an institutional business management committee to create “co-operatives, private firms, businesses” in terms of strategic services, transactional services, professional services, etc.
1) In terms of service strategy, building on the two main business platforms `Institutional Investment and Trading Services Platforms' and `Investment and Integrated Financial Services Platforms' , the full range of corporate client service capabilities will be enhanced around investment transactions, stock buy-backs, equity incentives, employee-holding schemes, and equity gains and losses.
One dimension provides professional services to private fund managers; the continuous promotion of the “services, channels, clients” trio ecological system, which provides institutions and high-net individual clients with a scientific and technological enabler through algorithms, with a growing client concentration effect, with an operational base of 29.7 million corporate clients as of the end of 2023h, an increase of 4.32 per cent over the end of 2022;
Pb (the main broker) has a business of $273.3 billion, servicing 5166 clients, with a stock-based turnover of $122.76 billion. 3) On the product side, on 8 August, the company officially launched a one-stop financial services platform, the Galaxy Skybow, for institutional clients.
Needs, integration of business chains, clustering of operations, with specialization at its core, customization as a guide, digitalization as a breakthrough, building of an institutional business ecological platform, building synergies between institutional operations and investment, wealth and international good practices, and developing a Galaxy-specific agile service paradigm.
Figure 37: Galaxy Skybow corporate business platform service system 5 major service integrated corporate business portals
• 100 new functionalities to construct multi-dimensional service matrices Professional transaction client • Full variety, full counter, full chain
Multi: transactional tools, service scenes, end speed: transaction speed, upgrade speed, order stability: unusual transaction alerts, shareholder transactions compliance,
Strategic trade wind control, one-stop trading service, full channel, round-the-clock, full-covering dma trading service.
Out-of-the-field derivative pricing engine, Galaxy identity factors database, smart robots.
(iii) Profit projection, valuation and investment rating 3.1 profitability projection and assumption 1) in brokering, taking into account the company's non-disclosure of stock-based transactions, assuming a stable market share of the company's stock-based transactions,
As the market environment improves, the average daily turnover of market shares has increased slightly. (2) In the case of investment operations, consideration is given to the fact that the company has developed a three-year strategy with a clear development focus, with investment banking experts as key business strategies for building trust among enterprises, and further progress towards professional investment reform.
3) Credit operations, where companies have had a more stable market share in recent years, considering the impact of improved stock market end-of-trade systems, the expansion of the blended market size, etc., which is expected to drive the increase in interest income from corporate finance voucher operations. (4) Self-employment, considering the expansion of the company ' s own assets as the main mode of development in recent years, has significantly increased.
The company’s performance is robust, and it is expected that the return on its own investment will increase as the market recovers. With regard to valuations, we select the middle-rate securities, the middle-income companies, and the middle-income countries, using asset size, leverage, roe as a reference indicator.
The annual pb/roe average is 20.77 times higher, and we believe that China’s Milky Way is more profitable and has greater potential for investment and self-employment, and that it has the potential for continuous growth. Based on the company’s 2023 Roe projection, it gives the company 1.60 times pb figure 38: China’s Galaxy history pb (tttm)
1. Strategic corporate development has been hampered. If the company’s new three-year development strategy is blocked, it may be detrimental to business development and performance, and market ownership rates have declined. In recent years it has become more difficult to operate off-line outlets, with a significant contraction in the size of the company’s business department or a negative impact on the market share of the company’s brokerage business.
3. Increased competition in the market. The firm’s business points are concentrated in economically developed regions and are in a more intense market competition, and increased competition in the market is not conducive to stability in the company’s operating rates.4 The net capital adequacy rate is low. The firm’s current net capital adequacy rate is close to the regulatory warning line, if follow-up capital replenishment is not timely or timely.
If the bond market’s interest rate fluctuates, it may lead to a change in the return on investment in the company’s own-account bond business. In a professional setting, the former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department, and the General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, have been employed in Cino-Kin, Chinese-owned securities.
In November 2019, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, a master ' s degree in economics, Shandong University, and a master ' s degree in economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France.
Zhang Kaijing, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four years of experience in the actuarials industry, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the non-banking financial sector. Part of this is irrelevant, not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and guidance in making investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and duties. This report is made available only to the specific client mentioned above, and is not made available to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in the present report are only dated from the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
A special notice may not be issued in respect of letters of credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.