South Mountain aluminium industry shandongnanhanaluminium (600219ch) Domestic aluminium processing vanguard, domesticalminum processingpioneer, high-endtransformationissueactive
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
Aluminium South Mountain, better than the big city, is the only one in the world with heat, aluminium oxide, electrolysis, aluminium, molten cast, aluminium materials/heat roll-cooling-cooling/ exercise pressure, scrap aluminium recycling (regeneration)
The company’s end product is widely used in aviation, automobiles, orbital traffic, ships, energy, petrochemicals, containers, industry htiesg.
The company is now the world’s most sophisticated ship.
The size and output of the company is at the forefront of the aluminium industry.
The sale of high-end products accounts for about 13% of the total sales of the company's aluminium products, 2022h1.
About 2 percentage points more than 2021h1; Māori for high-end products accounts for about one percent of the company's aluminum product; productive capacity for high-end products is released, and the profit margin for high-end products will gradually expand • corporate capacity will increase steadily. The company's main products include aluminium oxide and aluminium amalgamation, both upstream.
In the case of aluminium oxide, the company already has 2 million tons of aluminium oxide, and the Indonesian Aluminium Oxide project has all been successfully launched this year. The electrolytic aluminium production is essentially stable at 816,000 tons.
With regard to aluminium processing, the company currently produces 320,000 tons of aluminium-type materials, 91,000 tons of aluminium-based products (70 million tons of aluminium packaging and 21,000 tons of aluminium-powered batteries), 50,000 tons of aviation-plate production, 200,000 tons of motor-plate production and 600,000 tons of canned materials.
In recent years, the South Mountain aluminium industry has been growing steadily in terms of revenue and net profits. In terms of revenue, companies have increased by 42.82% from 2022h1 to 2021h1. On the one hand, the growth in operating income has resulted from the company’s continuous adjustment of its product structure to increase the external sales of higher value-added products, and, on the other hand,
On the one hand, the price of aluminum has risen significantly. At the same time, with the production of 2 million tons of aluminum oxide in Indonesia in the first and second phases, sales of aluminum oxide have increased compared to the same period in the previous year, contributing significantly to the harvest.
Gold sales are lower than expected. Global liquidity is higher than expected, and gold prices are lower than yijiewu