The third quarter of 2024: comprehensive arts and drama show. October 29, 2024. Increase in membership and innovation.
Research Assistant Zhang Man Rain Keyword: #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
380 million yuan, or 3 pct to 11% below the same rate. Pre-tax profit increases are consistent with the rate of increase in revenue, and net profit decreases are greater than the rate of income increases, mainly due to income tax effects.
The data continue to run in the entertainment market. Clouds show that Mango tv's all-networked art plays 2.5 billion dollars, up 22% from the same time.
In recent years, Mangotv's radiator, "Seeing Lover 4", has continued to open a four-quarter "open door" search.
Highlights, such as "Bingham Partner Season" are also laying the foundation for a four-quarter q-share glimmer. On the show, cloud data show that the number of members of Mangotv who play effectively rose to 79%, up 16%, and "You're Better than Starlight."
So far, the company's stock shows are over 80, and they're in the fourth quarter, and the hot-blowing episode of "The City of Sunlight" is showing good performance, and the company will continue to build up four-quarters of the company's basic content, with the first series of "The Elephant Man" on the line.
And it's also stocking up for the first year of Mango, "Five Feathers." On the short stage, Mango, thanks to its unique network, has launched the country's first golden miniatur theater, the 730 Mandarin Theatre; and the Mango mini-month is almost 30.
The number of active users of Mangotv month (August) has reached 268 million, the first three in the long video industry.
Mango Supermoment (300413): the lead sheep of the 2024q2 quarterly newspaper, Mangotv, who, thanks to his mastery, continues to promote video platforms: fast growth in membership income, ad business waiting.
Membership and user growth. The company also states that its member business continues to grow rapidly, thanks to the quality content and membership rights system that mango tv has developed for a long time.
At the same time, Mangotv and 88vip have continued to work together to create four-quarter surprises, Mango Supermix (300413): 2024 q1 Quarterly Good Night, a year-long promotional node, and a high-interest event for online users.
Review: Quarterly aggregates are bright, with heavy weights on the art of mixed art  profitability projections and investment ratings: maintain the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the company's increased content-side inputs or the subsequent pull on its member's business as a result of profit margins.
Three financial forecasting forms for Mango Supermedia The East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.