Mango super-media (300413.sz) Media and Internet groups with a strong content and a tax burden that still affects net profits
1. Mango Super-Mechanisms: Double-digit growth in membership and lower net interest rates on cash flows.
During the same period of the year, the net profit to the parent was increased by 280 million yuan. The net operating cash flow for the first three quarters of 2024 was 325 million dollars, representing an increase in the company's stock of high-quality plays. 1) All-rounding: effective broadcasting continued to grow rapidly, forming “heads”, “backs”, “communities”
Customizes the three-tier polytechnic research and development matrix, which has a dual meaning for content enrichment and membership fee enhancement. According to cloud data, 2024q3 mangotv's all-networked polygens play 2.5 billion, or +22%. 2024q3 Hello, 2024 Saturday, Chinese Restaurant 8
The 3rd series of the "Scope 4" shows a remarkable performance, in the form of "Top3" and "Top3" screens. Mango tv shows 31 new seasons and is at the top of the "Foot 4" platform. The company's "Mongo" matrix: the head is represented by "Singer 2024" and the "Mongo tv" show.
Member, the waist fills the delegates with a variety of vertical items, such as "Travel Door", and in July 2024, the brand-new membership philanthropy license "Small Fun" was officially launched.
More than 10 bean petals score more than 9 points. 2) Theater: the promotion of income generation among members, leading to an increase in the number of members ' content. 2024q3 plays have increased their contribution to income generation. According to cloud data, Mangotv members
The number of effective players reached 79 per cent, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year, and was at the top of the long video platform, you're more beautiful than the Starlight.
The number of international downloads from Mangotv has increased from 130 million last year to 210 million, of which Europe and America are home.
New downloads accounted for 5.3 per cent, and the target of $260 million for the “multiplier plan” for the year was expected to be achieved; content performed less than expected; users grew less than expected; and advertising owners ' needs were repaired less than expected: risk of departure from core teams.
0/0, sweep for more services, sweep for more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market