We've got 70 million valid members, and we're looking forward to the q4 top-down.
Tax policy adjustments have affected profit growth, with revenues in the first three quarters - 0.85 per cent, effective members breaking 70 million and showing off, relying on the company's content advantage, mangotv's monolithic flow keeping the long video platform first.
In 2024, the company implemented the Mango Out of the Sea Action 2024 and Mandone Billion, with 5.3% of new downloads in the European and American regions, Singer 2024, which led to an increase of 18.53 million users, and Mango Super-Mongo Research, 30413, half of 2024.
International apps are on track to reach the target of 260 million during the year.
In the field of art, three seasons of popular art such as "Hello, Saturday, 2024, Chinese Restaurant 8, " " and "Crystal 4" show a bright light. q4, "See you Lover 4" has a higher heat after being on line, "Soundless Hong Kong Eid", "Study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation -- Mango Super-Mongo 2023."
2 Women's Insight 2 and Time Concert 4 are important features. On the show, and on the first quarter of 2024, we reported a steady growth in performance, an innovation in membership, and companies continued to increase their commitment to video dramas.
In addition, the company continues to raise the profile of its miniature content strategy and explores the construction of a content ecology that is “long, medium, and short” integrated.
The company, as the state-owned owner of the new video media company, uses the Tomango-specific blending ecology, with Internet-based viewing and frequency-based platforms operating in tandem up and down. We expect the company to be able to get back to its masters in 2024-2026.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a constant index, the US market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the agreement transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer target), and the Northward benchmark index is a 50-point index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts