Quality content supply continues, the efficiency gains of the ai are beginning to show, the performance rating of the three-quarterly report in 2024, Mango supermix (300413.sz)
Billion dollars, 7.14 per cent lower than the same year (data for the same period in 2023, adjusted caliber, same); new media operations continued to develop, with high quality programming over the third quarter of 2024, with mangos under the corporate flag: yuezheng_yj@chinastock.com.cn
tv is on the line with 31 different types of amphibious shows, ranking first among the four platforms "Eyoteng" . Multi-purpose entertainment shows such as "Hello, Saturday, 2024" and "Congress 8" and "Congregation 4" show, are at the top of the list.
The research assistant continues to provide comprehensive content, and the company is already in the leading position in the production and presentation of comprehensive programmes. □ Gitianrui_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The deep convergence of cultural science and technology, the Mango Large Model under the flag of the aigc aiding and synergizing company, through a web-based letter audit, is able to support a wide range of industry applications such as creative programming, content creation and generation, role-producer dialogue, and production-format content referral, and to push the company back to its original ai function.
At the same time, it is expected that the miniature tool for short dramas, the Mountain Sea Shorter Smart Production Platform, will be launched in the near future, based on large models and aigc. With the continued application of aigc technology, the company is expected to achieve further efficiency gains, with the company three seasons.
The report shows management costs of $257 million, with an administrative cost rate of 2.5 per cent, a decrease of 1.3 pct, and aigc enabling companies, whose efficiency gains are beginning to show, are expected to increase in the performance of the successor companies. In addition, the corporate profit level has declined significantly over the year, mainly as a result of the expiry of tax policies.
Investment proposals: We believe that the company ' s new media business is growing steadily, that the under-secret art shows are more competitive in the market, and that the end-of-the-end location of relevant technologies, such as artificial intelligence, is expected to help in the long line of power.
(300413.sz) _ Video platform business is growing steadily, focusing on the main issues.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.