Mongo supermedia (300413.sz) Quarterly Review 24: Income tax influences short-term performance, members double in volume, media / digital media
Revenues and profits have fallen and inputs have increased. 1) Business income achieved by companies in the first three quarters of 24 years ago zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyorong@guosen.com.cn 380 million yuan, down 7.14 per cent and 27.41 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous quarter; the decline in revenue and performance is mainly attributable to one side
The business of face-to-face operators has declined as a result of the governance of the television industry, while the income tax exemption policy has expired (the first three quarters cost $277 million, compared with the previous three quarters of $1.74 million); and the first three quarters have seen companies increase their head content reserve input, resulting in lower fluctuations in net operating cash flows.
Members perform well and are concerned about the possibility of restoring the advertising industry to the mountains. 1) Mangotv has more than 70 million active members who are in the forefront of the long video industry in the country. In the first half of the year, members received 2,486 million yuan, a 27 per cent increase over the previous six months, benefiting from quality content and membership rights systems:
2024 " Wind 2024 " , representing the boom, and the popular play set on behalf of " Happy Parents with Phoenix " , which strongly boosted the rapid growth of membership; the innovative membership rights system, with over 300 member benefits, steadily increased the arpu value and overall performance; and 2) the first half of the year of advertising.
Business income of $1.721 billion, a 4 per cent decline in the same year, and expected q3 to continue the trend for the first half of the year; followed by the expected macro recovery, firms are expected to accelerate the recovery of advertising through innovative marketing strategies and optimization of the arithmetic, building on firm content and platform flow advantages.
Quadriculture, leading the main long video platform; of these, "Hello, Saturday, 2024, Chinese Restaurant 8 and Scratch 4 " , top three on the web screen; and q4 " Seeing Your Lovers 4 " , with a sharp performance, and "Hong Kong Season 2" "Women's Insight Society 2" "Time Concert 4"
3
"Beautiful" is on the line: "The City of Sunlight" is an alley, "The Mango Supermix (300413.sz)-q3 performes on equal footing, with attention to members and advertising, and others like "The Good luck Man" is expected to continue to drive the q4 episode.
Mango supermedia (300413.sz) - content advantages are strong, advertising marginal improvements - Mango supermedia (300413.sz) - multimedia content reserves are good, and advertising is expected to reach the bottom of the spectrum and grow, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Revenue growth is robust and content investment continues to increase. 1) Corporate business income achieved in the first three quarters of 24 years has declined in terms of governance impact, while income tax exemption policy has expired (income tax charges for the first three quarters were $277 million, compared to $1,091 million for the same period in the previous year), mainly due to an increase in head content reserves, leading to operating cash flows
Members perform well and are concerned about the possibility of restoring the advertising industry to the mountains. 1) Mangotv has more than 70 million active members and is in the forefront of the long video industry in the country. In the first half of the year, members earned 2,486 million yuan, a 27 per cent increase over the previous year, benefiting from a high quality content and membership equity system: by Singer 2024 Leisure 2024.
The rapid growth in the number of members represented by the pop-up arts and by the popular show entitled " With the Phoenix " ; the innovation of the membership rights system, with over 300 member benefits, steadily increasing the value of the arppu, with a robust overall performance; and 2) the first half of the year, with an operating income of $1,721 million in advertising, a 4 per cent decline in the same year.
q3 is expected to continue the trend in the first half of the year; with the subsequent expected macro recovery, the company relies on a solid content advantage and platform flow advantage, and is expected to accelerate the recovery of the advertising industry through innovative marketing strategies and optimization of the ai algorithms.
Q4 Lover 4 shows an eye-blowing performance, as well as highlights such as the Women's Insight 2 Time Concert 4 and so forth.
The q4 amphibious content is expected to continue upwards; 2) in the show, the q3 " You are More Beautiful than Starlight " " , " The Secret Romance " , is on the air; and the q4 show is expected to continue on the line, such as "The Sunny Pilgrims " , " The Man in the alley " , and so on.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We expect a net return of 24/25/26 years = 23/21/19x, keeping an eye on corporate content and platform operating advantages and the aigc age growth potential, and maintaining that “the author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author