The scale was robust and the financial innovation in the county was high on 30 August 2022: on 29 August, the Agricultural Bank issued a 22h1 report with revenues of $387.20 billion, yoy + 5.9 per cent;
Performance growth is resilient. As of 22h1, the same income-to-year growth loop ratio was equal, supported by a \triangleright scale of \triangleright net profit-to-year increases; the median-to-year increase ring-1.5pct, where e-banking is a certain drag.
Other non-interest income reversed the 22 q1 negative growth trend of the same year + 9.2%, mainly due to the estimated surplus of traded financial assets and the contribution of subsidiary premiums. Active service entities play the role of credit geese.
Upwards, the Ring +0.5 pct, remains ahead of total assets. In the first half of the year, the manufacturing industry has seen a 34% increase in long-term loans over the previous six months, and the share of manufacturing loans in public loans has been higher than at the beginning of the year.
Financial instrument-based financing has accelerated, and agricultural credit lending is expected to remain strong, helping to stabilize the economy. Net interest differentials have been narrow, but asset yields have been strong.
Credit returns +10bp, which are behind the focus on social concerns, with more investment in individual business loans, more loans to farmers, and an objective improvement in the individual lending structure, account for both types of loans in the first half of the year as compared to the total at the beginning of the year +2.2pct. At the end of the debt, higher growth in term deposits leads to interest-bearing liability cost + 6bp.
As of 22h1, the negative rate was flat, and the Agricultural Bank (601288.sh) explained in 2021 that the quality of the assets in the counties is expected to continue to improve. The coverage of the provision remained largely stable, with sufficient levels available to raise anti-growning profits.
(a) Higher financial innovation in the districts around the revitalization of service villages. The agricultural banks actively pursued the national strategy for rural revitalization, increased the investment of key sectors in the counties, strengthened the development of offline services on the county lines, and increased credit support for priority districts. As of 22h1, 43.8 per cent of the total was invested in new districts, up from 10 years ago;
The contribution of the county financial operations is 0.4 pct more than at the beginning of the year. Investment proposals: robust performance growth, strategic release potential of the county area; steady growth in revenue collection and profits; strong credit lending and high fiscal innovation in the district, highlighting the role played by the major players;
• The quality of assets is 0.4 times 22 years pb on 29th, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Increase in net interest income from agricultural banks as at 22h1 versus the same income, Figure 4: Structure of agricultural bank charges and commission revenue (billion yuan) Figure 5: Increase in total assets and liabilities of agricultural banks as at 22h1
Figure 6: Land area loans at the Bank of Agriculture, Figure 7: Dismantling of the Bank of Agriculture at the end of the 22q2 net interest gap, Figure 8: Non-performing loan rates at the Bank of Agriculture at the end of the 22h1
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.