District advantage continues to rise, asset quality is stable, macroeconomic environmental impacts are felt, and agricultural banks have slightly slowed their earnings growth in the first half of the year and are still more resilient. Corporate asset-quality reversals have remained stable, stock allocation advantages have been sustained, and risk resilience has increased.
District operations have continued to grow rapidly and have strengthened their strengths. The company pb currently values 2022n0.44x, or better than comparable peers.
In the first half of the year, the main contribution to profit growth was from size, other non-interest and tax revenues, and the negative contribution was from interest differentials and allowances. The split shows that operating income grew by 5.9% over the year, while net interest income supported by size increased by 6% over the same year, and non-interest growth in sales, wealth and integrated business contributions increased by 5.8% over the same period.
The tax contribution is mainly due to interest-rate reduction effects on investor countries’ and local debt over the same period last year. District operations have continued to grow rapidly, and their advantages have intensified.
District loans totalled RMB 69,35.9 billion, an increase of 11.5 per cent, or 36.9 per cent, compared to the end of the previous year. Districts absorbed deposits of RMB 10,357.8 billion, an increase of 10 per cent, or 42.9 per cent, compared to the previous year.
The district non-performing loan rate was 1.35 per cent, a decrease of 0.03 percentage points over the one quarter; the provision coverage was 340.83 per cent, an increase of 2 percentage points over the one quarter, and the provision and asset quality were better than other operations.
Impairment losses increased by 9.8 per cent over the year, with a major non-lending increase of $8.6 billion, and the loan impairment was equal. 2bp fell in the first quarter. Loans were stable, non-lending increased, and the overall risk defence capability was enhanced.
The economic downturn has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets; financial regulation has exceeded expectations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Banks: summary report of large State-owned banks: Agricultural Bank net profit of $128.9 billion in the first half of 2022, an increase of 5.5% in the same year.
6% long, net revenue from fees grew by 2.8% over the year, other non-interests by 10.2% over the year and operating income by 5.9% over the year; total assets were more subject to macroeconomic environmental impacts, and profit growth in agricultural banks slowed slightly in the first half of the year, still showing greater resilience. Corporate asset reversals remained stable, stock allocation advantages were sustained, risk resilience was strengthened, and district operations continued to grow rapidly and the advantages were strengthened.
In the first half of the year, the main contribution to profit growth was from size, other non-interest and tax revenues, and the negative contribution was from interest differentials and provision. The split shows an increase of 5.9% in revenue on a year-on-year basis, which supported net interest income on a scale of 6% on a year-on-year basis, and non-interest growth in retail, wealth and integrated business contributions, which increased 5.8% on a year-on-year basis.
State debt and local debt have had a more tax-cutting effect than in the same period last year, and district operations have continued to grow rapidly, with stronger advantages. Districts have continued to grow, with faster performance and stable asset quality.
The net interest income increased by 2 percentage points in the first quarter and the quality of the provision and assets was better than that of other operations.2 The net interest income increased at a slower rate of increase in size and a net interest difference was kept under pressure.2 The net interest income increased by 4.19 per cent in the second quarter and decreased by 3.56 percentage points in the first quarter, mainly owing to an increase in the net interest difference.
On the one hand, the difference between the calculation of net interest is 1.91%, a decrease of 13bp compared to the previous quarter. The net interest gap ratio continues to decline, with the decline in non-lending income and the increase in the cost of deposits being the main reason, except for the lower rate of return on the asset and the higher cost on the debtor.
Loan returns ranged from 4.23 per cent in the previous year to 4.23 per cent in the previous year, or increased in the second half of the year, with a steady increase in loan returns due to a decline in the ratio of returns on retail loans, a decline in the ratio of hedges to public returns on retail loans, a decrease of 29 per cent in the share of non-mulves retail loans, or a rise of 2 percentage points from the previous year. The lower yield on the asset side was mainly derived from non-lending operations, with a 3.40 per cent return on bond investment, a decrease of 7bp and 1.8 per cent on the previous year.
20bp. Deposit costs are 1.67%, and the cost of deposits continues to rise under the pressure of regularization over the previous year’s 6bp. Non-interest increases are 5.8% over the same year, and retail, wealth, and integrated business contributions. Net revenue from fees is 2.8% over the same year, with bank card charges, trustees, and agents increasing positively, and credit cards, trustees, and wealth increasing.
Business closure support fees have been rising steadily. 4 percentage points have been reduced in the first quarter of the year compared to 0.2 per cent in the first quarter of the year, while other non-interest-bearing operations have grown by 10.2 per cent in the same quarter, mainly as a result of faster premiums from subsidiaries.
Credit impairment losses of $105.5 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent compared to the previous year, were mostly non-lending of $8.6 billion, and the loan impairment was equal. Loan coverage was increased in the non-lending component and the overall risk defence capability was enhanced.
Economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.
The real economy, however, if financial regulation is expected to affect the performance of banks ' profits, either by making concessions over market expectations.