The net profit of the mother's return fell, and the sales in the month of June were positive.
Events: The company released its semi-annual performance report for 2024, and the company achieved a fall in net profit from its income growth in the first half of 2024: the company ' s operating income increased slightly, mainly as a result of the carry-over of the completion of the real estate project. Operating profits fell by 27.73 per cent over the year and were mainly subject to the downside of the market and prices.
As a result of the decline in the share of interest in the carry-over projects during the period, the net return profit fell by 38.57 per cent over the year, which was higher than the operating profit.
All parties, equivalent to $12,603 million in full-calibre land, calculated at $10,876 per square metre in floor space; the new relative depth of 300 shows that the sales market has yet to be repaired, and the company remains low-intensity.
With 72.5% of all new projects in the first and second-line cities, the public investment continues to focus on the core. The cost of financing is low: the company issued two Chinese votes in the second quarter – the fourth and fifth instalments in 2024.
Affordability and low financing costs reflect the firm’s financing advantage. Investment proposal: A small increase in corporate revenue in the first half of 2024, influenced by a decline in the Māori rate, lower market prices, equity ratios, etc.
The same-year decline in sales has been consistent, and the company’s sales in June, stimulated by the New Deal, have been positive. The focus is on the core, with new projects dominated by the central cities. Considering the company’s first half of the year, the company’s performance has been affected by the performance of the Maori rate, and the company’s performance has been affected by the decline in sales from the same year to year.
116.97 billion yuan, $12.467 billion, ps 0.93 yuan/share, 0.98 yuan/share, $1.04/Golden Focus on High Power Levels
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.