Increases in the carry-over effect, sales in the first line of the industry, positive increases in revenue promotion, two-fee increases and lower settlement equity ratios \triangleright
The scale of the completion of the building has increased and the company still has a contractual liability of $35.74 billion, which represents an increase in future income security over sales costs due to increased agency and channel fees, financial costs due to reduced interest income, and an increase of $1.6 billion, which represents an increase of $16.0 billion in land to cover the 2023 expansion project.
The cash flow of company operations is expected to improve with the completion of previous annual land price payments, and sales are steady at the top of the industry, with a rising share of central cities.
At a point, sales of interest amounted to about $13.3 billion, a decrease of 17 per cent compared to the same period last year, below the decline in sales of full calibre, with 38 core urban markets increasing by 0.3 per cent to 7.1 per cent and 38 core urban sales contributing by 2 per cent to 89 per cent over the same period.
The cost of financing is further reduced and cash flow levels are reasonably adequate.
Profits are under pressure from the carry-over factor, with an increase in the share of the red dollar becoming the three-quarter reporting point for 2024/04/23 3. Polypolitic Development (600048.sh) 2023
The sum of $103.3 billion worth of funds (including sales taxes) to sell back to the cages is a reasonable amount of cash flow.
\triangleright huts 2023/10/31 38 core cities with a total surface area of 1.16 million square metres at an equity land value of $10.9 billion and a total land value of $12.6 billion
The net return to the mother grew twice, with low-cost financing support companies facing 71.4 million square metres, down 8 per cent from the beginning of the year, with a core 38-city reserve of about 70 per cent and a 16 per cent decline in the unsold stock of residential space compared to the beginning of the year. The company is active in the area of unworked land resources.
Quick Performance Review: Performance meets expectations, marketing leads, stock-taking policy, regulation and replacement of land stock in several cities across the country.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.