tclTechnology (000100.sz) Electronic/optic optical optical q3 camp net gains increased significantly, panel taps expanded rapidly -- tclTechnology tri-quarterly reviews
• Q3 battalion net profit achieved faster growth with a calibre of 48.7 billion yuan in the first three quarters of the company, an increase of 18.4 per cent in the same calibre as the previous quarter; the mother ' s net gain of 2.03 billion yuan, a 28.9 per cent increase in the same calibre net profit after deducting the benefit of the asset restructuring of 230 million.
Major asset restructuring from 209h1. q3 one-month revenues of $19.4 billion, an increase of 29.1 per cent and 24.2 per cent for the ring; net non-retributive returns of $680 million, an increase of 168.1 per cent over the previous three quarters of the year.
The growth in lower-calibre revenue, driven by large-scale operations, has been steady since the third quarter, with a steady increase in large-sized panel prices, and a 50.9 per cent increase in the same year in the company ' s productive capacity: tcl-star q3 profits have improved significantly: net profits of $570 million in the previous three quarters, compared to a negative gain of h1
• Active expansion of production capacity to capture the dividends of the cycle, covering two major advances that suggest a technological future.
1) Cycle improvement and active expansion of productive enablers capture market share: the company’s share in the television panel market is second in the world. In addition, the t3 line is back to full production for the third quarter, the ltps mobile panel market is third in the world; t4 production line first-stage capacity and excellent rates are up as planned, and the oled panel is up.
In the future, the t7 line is about to be produced, and three stars show 100% of the property rights of the module plant in Suzhou: hand-over is on schedule and is expected to be achieved by 21q1. 3) The next generation shows the technology: the company's strategic investment in the job, accelerating the printing of the olid for industry.
Quantified output, with a view to reducing costs; tclhua, in collaboration with the Sanan semiconductor, has been working on micro-led technology development - this type of technology is expected to be applied to the new ipad. 4) Acquisition of the middle ring semiconductor, static photovoltaic power generation Market outbreak: semiconductor/photovoltaic silicon tablets in the middle ring semiconductor camp, where photovoltamatic silicon is used for photovoltaic power generation.
Photovoltaic power is expected to spread on a large scale in the future, and companies are expected to benefit fully.
Focus Panel, King of PV