Events: 28 October 2020, tcl science and technology published three quarterly reports, and companies achieved 48.71 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 18.4 per cent.
tclTechnology (000100.sz) post-caliber; mother ' s net profit, 1.79 billion yuan, 28.9 per cent more than year-on-year (the same caliber after elimination of assets reorganization gains).q3 quarter, companies achieved 19.38 billion yuan, 28.9 per cent more than year-on-year, 24.2 per cent more; mother ' s net profit, 820 million yuan, 68.5 per cent more than year-on-year, 2.1 per cent more; net profit, 680 million dollars less, the same amount
With regard to tcl, in the first three quarters of 2020, 32.38 billion yuan was collected, an increase of 31.9 per cent in the same year; net profit was 570 million yuan, a decrease of 56.3 per cent in the same year; in the third quarter of 2020, tcl was raised by 12.27 billion yuan, an increase of 55.3 per cent and a 24.1 per cent increase in the same year; net profit was 70 million yuan, an increase of 151.6 per cent and a rise of 660 million yuan in the same year.
As a result of the continued release of productive capacity, corporate revenue has continued to expand: in the third quarter of 2020, companies achieved $19,377 million, an increase of 28.87 per cent. Meanwhile, since June, panel prices have continued to rise, resulting in a rapid increase in corporate profitability: the Māori rate for a single quarter has risen by 13.47 per cent, and the ring has increased by 3.25 percentage points.
Ping has also increased significantly in parallel: despite the full depreciation effect of t6, the third quarter has seen a 573 million dollar depreciation ring increase over the second quarter, and the company has achieved its return in the third quarter, with an operating cash flow of $4,523 million, well above the 1,458 million during the same period last year. The expansion in the size of financing has also led to an increase in financial costs: the company ' s first three quarters of finance costs were 1,453 million yuan, an increase of 64.1 per cent, compared with the previous three quarters. (3) Large-scale operations have expanded, and the tv panel is the second largest in the world.
The panel collection was $20.33 billion, an increase of 51 per cent over the same year; the company tv panel market rose to the second largest in the world, 55 inches of which was the world ' s first; and with the company ' s productive capacity, tcl.Technology: the acquisition of Chinese star equity support performance, the industry turned and the expansion was moving forward, the future company tv panel would be fully active.
\triangleright, Three Stars Exit + Epidemic Disturbations, New Patterns of Supply and Demand in Panels
With 60% of the three-star electronics (ssl) in Texas and 100% of the three-star displays (ssm) in Suzhou, the core business of the two enterprises consists mainly of the 8.5 generation tft-lcd production line with monthly capacity of 120k and the 3.5 m-capacitation module plant. The core target ssl panels produce about 4% of the global total capacity; the company’s share in the global panel market will increase further through this collection. The current bid is moving forward as planned and is expected to be consolidated by q1 in 2021.
In addition to ssl, tcl has six operational and ongoing production lines, including two 8.5 t1, t2, two 11 t6 and t7 based on
At present, t1, t2 and t6 are fully operational and t7 are expected to be operational by the end of the year and produce in early 2021. Wuhan, a small and medium-sized production line, was affected by the epidemic in the first half of the year, but thanks to good management and supply chain control.
t3-line ltps panels remain fully operational and module capacity is normal in the second quarter; t4-line flexible amoled phase I production capacity and good rate is on schedule, product delivery and upswing of brand manufacturers is completed, phase II and phase III are on schedule. With the integration of the three-star Suzhou line and the start-up of the t7 line in early 2021, tcl-star production capacity will increase by 60% in 9-12 months; and tcl-capable complex area growth will reach 18.8% by 2023.
Supply and demand structures continue to improve, and panel prices continue to rise. (1) The price of the panel price has continued to rise over expectations. Since the end of May, the price of the tv panel has continued to rise significantly, by more than 50 per cent; according to the latest October offer, the mainstream size increase has remained constant and has not recovered, and four-quarter panel prices are expected to remain strong. (2) Supply side, although the 100k production on the lgdp7 line can be postponed until next year, is only 1.5 per cent of global panel capacity.
On the demand side, the United States and Europe’s tv sales bounced back into global warming; according to Trendforce’s latest report, 3q global television output in 2020 was record high: 6.205 million were delivered this quarter, up from 6.205 million.
12.9% ring growth, 38.8% (3) for 21 years. The depressed demand in China’s tv market is expected to be released, and, benefiting from the arrival of large sporting events, the pattern shows a certain degree of oversupply and prices are expected to remain strong. Investment proposals: tcltechq3 performance is synchronized with panel prices, supermarket pessimistic expectations. 21-year panel prices are expected to remain strong; and, at the same time, public prices are expected to remain strong.
It is expected that in the fourth quarter and next year, the company’s performance will continue to be released; we firmly see the long-term development of tcl. Risk factors: market competition increases the risk, Korea’s exits fall short of expectations, and industry’s downside risks.
Figure 1: Monthly data for foreign sales of tv, by sex, Figure 3: Large-sized capacity of tcl star, Figure 4: Small-sized capacity of tcl star
Figure 6: Performance of tcl science and technology profitability Figure 5: Performance of tcl science and technology revenue and profits Figure 7: Cost of tcl science and technology period
Figure 8: tcl R & D costs (million yuan) Figure 9: tcl collections and business cash flows (billion yuan) Figure 10: tcl net profits and operating cash flows (billions)
Figure 11: Tcl Science and Technology Inventory (millions of yuan) Figure 12: Tcl Science and Technology Receivables (millions of yuan)
3rd place in the new wealth electronics sector in 19; 2rd place in the electronics sector in the Crystalballs in 18/19; and 3nd place in the electronics sector in the Golden Bull Award in 18/19. Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined the south-west securities in 2018, joined the Sinda securities in 2020, and worked in the electronics sector. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda securities in 2020 and worked in the electronics sector.
This report has been produced and published by the China Securities Commission. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the Sinda securities, and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers, and is not intended for the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.