tclT (000100)q3 has improved performance and the industry has been further strengthened by $2 billion, or 21%, and net profit from deductions to the mother is 860 million, or 71%.
+29 per cent, Ring + 24 per cent, Mother ' s net profit, $820 million, same year + 68 per cent, Ring + 2 per cent, No later than Mother ' s net profit, o3 performance growth, Māori rate improvement, 27 per cent, same year. q3 performance growth benefits: (1) Large-sized panel price increases + profit gains from downside efficiency
The unit will perform better if the impact is excluded, compared to 300 million dollars in depth. The tcl q3 q3 performance was significantly improved with the increase in the price of the beneficiary panel.
1 q3 panel supply and demand patterns are improving + new line production is fully operational, with a net profit of $700 million in the third quarter of tcl. tcl star, a 152 per cent increase on the same date, with an increase of $659 million in the ring. In January-September, tcl star's large size panel was fully produced and sold, with a sales area of 2.07 million square metres, an increase of 44.9 per cent in the same year, and the market share of the television panel was raised to the second highest in the world.
The sum of $12.5 billion (with a sharp increase of 8.7 per cent over the same year, the sales area of 970,000 square metres fell by 3.6 per cent over the same year, and the share of the ltps mobile panel remained the top three globally. The t4oled phase was smooth, folding screens and hyperbolic screens were up, importing first-line global brand clients, and the number of sales from the oled panel was raised to the fourth highest in the world.
2 A continental LCD panel manufacturer will gradually take over the LCD capacity of a Japanese-Korean enterprise, the pace of domestic acquisition consolidation will accelerate, and the industry portfolio will rise moderately. In the long run, the continent will have almost no additional lcd panels for generations, and the LCD supply and demand patterns will be expected to shift from surplus to tight balance.
\triangleright 1, tcl, tcl, 60% title to Tristar 8.5 Generation Line (t10) and 100% title to the accompanying module plant, projected
20q1 and the introduction of Three Stars as strategic shareholders in the tclstar strategy. The company acquired 39.95% of the t3 production line, which was approved by the CSRC in September for the benefit of a minority of 39.95% and was accompanied by a $2.6 billion project to raise funds. The t3 production line was restored to full production in three quarters, while the t7 production line is about to be produced.
The size of the cagr is 18.8 per cent, and the company has been able to upgrade its market presence through outreach and expansion, optimize the product composition of its product sizes in the layout, and the profitability and industry position are expected to continue to improve.2 The company ' s acquisition of 100 per cent of the central ring ' s electronics is entering the conversion phase of the equity transfer, which will be 20q4 plus the table.
We believe that both parties are in the field of general semiconductors, and that the acquisition of tcl (00010000) is in line with the corporate strategy, and that the two sides are expected to achieve synergy and empowerment in the industrial chain, globalization, regulatory institutions and mechanisms.
Quick review: q2 performance loop improvement, acquisition of a plus master 2. tcl technology (000100)
1. Increased competition in the industry;2 less than expected recovery in downstream demand;3 and less than expected integration of new production uphills and acquisitions.3 Wang Fang, Chief of the electronics industry, has served in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd. and the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., and has obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.