tclT (000100) e-q3 benefit panel performance improved significantly, with industry pattern moving towards South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company disclosed its performance in the three-quarters of 2020 to calculate the company ' s revenues in the first three quarters of 2020 by the same calibre after reorganization, which was 48.71 billion yuan, an increase of 18.4 per cent in the same year; net gains in the same calibre after excluding the proceeds of asset restructuring, which was 1.79 billion yuan, an increase of 28.9 per cent in the same year; of this, 19.38 billion yuan in the q3 quarter, an increase of 28.9 per cent in the same year.
A 24.2% ring increase, a 68.5% increase in the same year, a 2.1% increase in the ring, an increase in the price of the 2020 q3 performance and a significant increase in revenue and profit. The net profit and deduction of the company from the 2020 q3 battalion increased significantly in the same year and in the ring.
(b) The end of the low-price competitive cycle of the panel industry turns to the bottom, prices go up, and the q3 quarter large-sized lcd panel rises dramatically, with companies benefiting more from large-sized panels; and (c) the company’s productive capacity continues to be released and corporate revenue continues to rise.
In the first three quarters of China's history, 32.38 billion yuan was collected, an increase of 31.9% compared to the previous quarter. With the company's improved management efficiency, it became clear that the company's efficiency advantages were high, and that the corporate sector's leading position would be reinforced.
Suzhou's Tristar 8.5 Generation Line (t10) 60% of the property and 100% of the accompanying module plant, and has introduced Sam as a strategic shareholder in the tcl.Strategist, with comprehensive strategic cooperation. The company uses self-research, co-operation, and M & As to demonstrate that the new technology has improved the ecological layout, including the tclStrate.
tclSat and the Sanam semiconductor set up a joint laboratory focusing on micro-led technology development.
Over 52 weeks, the company had previously publicly devalued 100% of the shares in the electronics of the ring, and has now entered the conversion process for the transfer of shares, which will be set at 2020q4. By acquiring the electronics, the crystals of the central ring will be shown on the silicon base.
Applications such as micro-led will contribute to the development of tcl semiconductor display materials. The company can also go through the meso-ring electronics into the new energy track.
3.tcl Group (000100): renamed "tcl technology" to open a new course for technology enterprises (2020-01-14)
Post-purchase synergies are not as expected; client certification is not as fast as expected; exchange rate fluctuations are at risk, etc. No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, nor as a result of, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.