Biadi's semi-annual evaluation of q2 fell in 2025, and the offshore business was steadily advancing: Biadi's semi-annual report for 2025.
The growth in corporate co-generation and the q2 fall in profits. In the first half of 2025, Biadi’s total revenue was 37.128 billion yuan, an increase of 23.3 per cent in the same year; the net profit on maternity was 1.51 billion yuan in the same year, a decline in profits in the second quarter due to the “price war” that continued in the domestic market for new energy cars.
In order to remain competitive, companies adopted end-price reductions and preferential marketing strategies in the second quarter, which directly affected single-car profits and overall Māori ratios.
Wuzhenjie@dgzq.com.cn has steadily advanced its offshore operations, making it more profitable.
Over 112 countries and territories with the largest new energy sales in several countries, including Italy, Turkey, Spain, and Brazil, in the first half of the year. To date, seven of the eight Biadei rollers have been invested.
In December, the highest price (in dollars) was put into operation, with self-constructed lifts leading to higher sales. Companies continued to invest in large amounts of research and development, supporting innovation in the intelligence sector.
Billion dollars, 53 per cent more than year-on-year, nearly twice the net profit; huge research and development investments underpinned innovation in areas such as the eye-to-eye auxiliary driving system, the super-e platform megawatt flash charge, and the Linglong vehicle-borne drone system, which ranked them first in many of the world ' s patented China patents on automobile technology.
Note: the “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-board. The owner is only fit for a study with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and a “stable” investor is only suitable for a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.