Good profitability, good export and high-end prospects, semi-annual performance rating in 2025, Biadey.
The ratio of exports to sales of high-end vehicles has increased to a stable flat price of bicycles, which are profitable and subject to market fluctuations: 2.146 million cars were sold by H1 in 2025, +33.0 per cent in the same year.
Of these, q2 single-season sales of 1,145,000 vehicles, +16.1 per cent, ring +14.4 per cent, average single-car prices were 137,000, + 1.0 per cent, ring + 2.9 per cent, single-car deductions were not net profit for the mother (closing Biadi electronics) Qin JiQin
The decline in the profits of bicycles is mainly influenced by increased competition in the market, the firm makes a final concession to compete in the market, the company's profits fall less than the price of the final sale, the scale effect increases, the battery cost falls, the export and higher end-of-cycle sales ratio increases a certain countervailing effect on the price reduction, and the firm's profitability is boosted.
The share of total corporate sales increased by 9.0 pct to 21.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, leading to high-end sales of q2 + equation panthers (excluding titanium 3) + high-end brand sales of 68,000 vehicles, representing 6.1 per cent of total corporate sales, +1.5 pct, +0.7 pct, export and high-end vehicle sales.
Cost rates are well regulated, and company start-ups are upgraded: the ratio of company h1 Maori in 2025 was equal to -0.77 pct 0.90 pct, of which q2 one-quarter R & D/sales/management/financial cost rates were respectively.
New products such as the new Malaysian ckd plant, which deepens the global production profile, continue to complete the high-end brand product matrix with good prospects for development: the seaboard, August 22, 2025.
The company announced that it would set up a ckd plant in Malaysia, which is expected to be officially operational in 2026 and will be another focus area of the company's deep-seated global production, and that it is now making good progress in building its global indigenous chemical capacity, with the Chinese-Thai plant having been offline by 90,000 vehicles in its first year of operation, with a 60 per cent capacity utilization rate at the Brazilian plant.
In July of this year, the construction of overseas plants, including Indonesia, Turkey, Hungary, and high-end, the company also planned to market a number of high-end new items, including N8l and Equator Leopard 7, in the second half of the year, and then to complete the high-end branding matrix and upgrade the growth dynamics of high-end brand sales and current corporate exports and high-end hairs.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.