Export upwards, heavy weight technology acceleration technology parity event: Biadi published its semi-annual report in 2025, which achieved business income of 3,712.81 in the first half of the year.
The company's Māori rate is 16.3% and the same/ring ratio drops by 2.4/3.8pt: 18.7% for car operations, and the technique is released: The Eye Auxiliary Driving System, the Super-e Platforms Moisture, the Invisible Cars, the Man Free Machine System. With the Eye of the Gods, the High-Standing Smart Drive System and the Super-e Platform at its core.
Exports went up. High-end breakthroughs. China’s vehicle exports rose to 3,083,000 in the first half of the year.
Turkey, Spain, Brazil, among others, are the first countries to sell new energy sources. To date, seven of the eight Biadi rollers have been operational.
Over 160,000, a 75 per cent increase over the same year; as of August 11, there was more than 120 strong R & D + high score and financial architecture optimized. Companies insisted on technology, and spent 30.9 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a 53 per cent increase over the same period; R & D was the first company to be listed in a stock, cumulatively.
Over $21 billion has been invested in research and development. Cash reserves amount to $156.1 billion. While maintaining a high level of investment, the high-scoring red program has demonstrated the determination of shareholders to pay back, the globalization strategy has accelerated, the workforce-owned programmes have tied core talent, and the company has launched its 2025 employee-owned plan, which covers no more than 25,000 employees.
< Biadi: From mass busts to full intelligence, total funding is capped at $4.1 billion, with clear performance criteria designed to facilitate the firm ' s long-term sound development by binding core talent through incentive mechanisms.
Biadey Time: From Bulk Explosion to Full Wise Investment Proposal: The Eye Drives the Blast Type to Full Smart. Supere Platform, megawatts >--2024-09-01
In January-July of this year, the global sales of 2.49 million were 27 per cent higher than in July; 550,000 of them were sold overseas in cars and pickups, which were 130 per cent higher than in the previous year.
Over 160,000 sales of brand names, a 75 per cent increase over the same year; as of August 11, the Pacific Securities Company Ltd. wrote on the 31st floor at 926th and D'Advanced Square, Conglong Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.