There has been a significant increase in performance, an increase in the competitiveness of the integrated layout, an increase in the share of component cities, and a gradual increase in the integration of the industrial chain.
At the same time, the company will build a zero-carbon industrial park in Qinghai, extending up the N-type industrial chain and investing in the production of 300,000 tons of industrial silicon, 150,000 tons of high-purity polysilicon per year, 35gw silicon per year, 10gw slices per year, 10gw batteries per year, 10gw components per year, and 15gw components.
Dun Yongkang is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023 and phase two by 2025, and the company-led photovoltaic industry, including silicon, batteries, components, tracking supports, inverters, materials and equipment manufacturers.
Chains, downstream businesses, and so on. All contribute to effective linkages across the industrial chain, enabling companies to take advantage of the physical advantages of Guo Yingzheng and strengthen their leadership position.
Supporter and system operations are expected to continue to grow. Fortone: the company tracked the shipment of \triangleright 2gw in the first half of the year together with the fixed shelf, whose series of products have been certified by a European renewable energy certification machine.
Research assistant Lin Fukuda: The domestic photovoltaic power station development operation received more than 1.75gw targets and an additional gw-grade project opportunity was created at the overseas photovoltaic system power station.
In addition, there have been more than 1,500 household distributors and business partners operating domestically and internationally. R & D inputs have risen, leading to a major breakthrough in key technologies.
1. Trina Light Energy (688599.sh) 2021 and 22 Quarterly Review: fast growth of component shipments, profit margin 2022/04/30
In the first half of 22 years, the company has updated its world record on three occasions: 210 mm x 210 mm high-efficiency i-topcon batteries with 25.5% efficiency; 210 mm high-efficiency perc batteries with 24.5% efficiency in July; and the company itself with 24.5% efficiency in August.
The primary vertex-highest n monocrystal silicon component, based on 66 pieces of 210 mm x 210 mm of high-efficiency i-topcon batteries, with 24.24% of the component window efficiency. This reflects the high level of technological power of companies, which is contributing to increasing core competitiveness.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.