In the first half of the year, the company’s photovoltaic products increased to 18.05gw, the market share of the components was raised to 15%, and the q2 is expected to reach about 10gw, and the ring is about 26% higher.
1. Channel dominance, vertical extension of the industrial chain - yen/w, basic stability of profitability in the context of high prices of raw materials, showing a strong external approximation depth report, 2022.7.26
In July, the company announced plans for 300,000 tons of industrial silicon, 150,000 tons of polysilicon, 35gw crystals, etc., and the first phase of the project will be completed by the end of 23 years, with the expected release of the faster silicon production capacity next year, which is expected to enhance the profitability of the company and the reliability of raw materials.
Distributed system operations are growing at a high rate, tracking the scaffolds are going to pick up and storage operations are going into the release period. Corporate distribution systems delivered more than 2.2gw in the first half of the year, surpassing last year's delivery, distribution loaders continue to grow, and distributed system operations are expected to maintain high growth in the context of high growth; tracking and fixed scaffoldings are approaching
2gw, follow-up of the racks as the ratio of ground-based power stations rises and the Chinese market breaks through the single-mwh project, with silicon prices dropping, and storage energy products are expected to be rapidly released. Battery technology continues to break out, and Topcon is about to contribute to excess profits. The company is actively pushing the battery.
Technology R & D, three updates of world record in 2022, with an average output efficiency of 24.7 per cent in 210-sized Topcon, maximum laboratory efficiency of 25.5 per cent, component window efficiency of 24.24 per cent, and the 8gwtopcon battery project, which is expected to become progressively operational in the second half of the year, is expected to enhance product competitiveness and contribution.
In addition, the company maintains research on cutting-edge technologies such as hjt, silicon ore/silicon stack batteries and (8621) 61357595 was developed with test wires in hjt components and 29.2% efficiency in the cell laboratory of the silicon ore stack.
Business cash flows have improved considerably. In the first half of the year, companies controlled the return of clients, increased bill settlements, and benefited from higher sales (nearly 60%), and q2 one-month net operating cash flows increased significantly to $34.54, creating a new one-month cash flow.
In the first quarter of recent years, the quality of profits has improved significantly and sufficient funds have been set aside for the company’s subsequent expansion.