The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is gaining momentum as technology (688008) electronic ddr5 approaches the point of departure.
• Events: The company issued a fast-track performance report for 2021, which achieved business income of $2.56 billion a year-on-year growth of 40.5 per cent; the net return profit of $830 million a year-on-year decline of 24.9 per cent, of which the performance of q4 companies in 2021 was impressive: operating income of $970 million a quarter-on-year growth of 11.6 per cent a year-on-year growth of 172.9 per cent;
Net profits of $320 million were realized, with a 54.8 per cent ring increase, a 40.2 per cent increase in the same year, resulting in a breakthrough in the capture of servers. Corporate sales grew robustly in 2021, with a significant increase in q4 performance, mainly due to: 1) company ddr5 memory interface chip and memory module
Accompanied chips produce officially; 2) the cpu business continues to develop. ddr5 output volume, driven by the international cpu tap, is expected to yield strong downstream demand in 2022. 1.72 billion won in interconnected chips in 2021, a 4.3 per cent decline compared to 66.7 per cent in Māori;
Of this amount, q4 achieved a yield of $60 million in the single quarter, with ring growth of 40.0 per cent, an increase of 76.6 per cent, and a Māori rate of 69.2 per cent, the company’s market share in global memory interface chips is close to 50 per cent, its ddr4 share is stable, ddr5 has been delivered in small quantities, and the pcle 4.0/5.0 retimer chip is steadily imported into the customer.
Under the lead of the international cpu tap, ddr5 and pcle5.0 are expected to burst into demand. The company is continuing the development of ddr5 second generation and pcle6.0 retimer chips, pmic, spd and ts.
The development of an accompanying chip is also in development planning, and the company is expected to benefit further from the increased penetration rate of the dodr5 at a higher rate of asp, and a higher rate of Maori. The Xin capture server platform has opened up, and there is scope to develop. The Xin capture server platform will be picked up in 2021.
Hundreds of millions of dollars. The pre-capitulation market extension and customer development results were found, with a sharp rise in the share of revenue: 38.1% in 2021 q4 battalion, and the current main service of the red market, where agencies predict a wide space of about $5 billion. As the capture continues, the company is in the middle.
The market share of the promising server market is expected to increase further. Further use of the higher ddr5 for unit prices and Maori, as well as firm corporate cooperation with large clients, gives public investment returns and fair value volatility risks.
1-Screen-Services is a huge start, and ddr products continue to be developed and developed.
The company is based in Shanghai and has branches in Quanshan, Beijing, Xian, Macao, and the United States and South Korea. The company’s traditional advantages are embedded in the memory interface.
The company’s traditional interconnection chips continue to overlap, and capture server platforms.
Advanced high-speed low-power technology, and as the industry evolves, the company continues to evolve with the roll-out of the ddr2/3/4/5 series of memory interface chips, including deposit buffers (rcd, also known as "stowage clock drives") and numbers (db), which can be applied to rdimm (sending double-column straight-in-in-the-box modules) and lrdim (reduce double-column straight-in) and lrdim
The company also provides a complete memory interface and an accompanying chip solution for the high-performance servers for high-speed, high-volume memory systems. In addition, the company has launched a pcle 4.0 retimer chip to increase the effective transmission distance of high-speed signals, and the product was awarded the ninth China Electronic Information Fair Innovation Award.
In 2017, the company contributed to a chip-level real-time security monitoring of the Xin Xin server platform, which started in the first half of 2021, providing a more secure and reliable calculation of the cloud computing data centre. In 2020, the company achieved a second generation of Xinzu Xinhua Sanctuary, the Great Wall Super Clouds, Podd, Sous-Congress, etc., and helped it develop a variety of server manufacturers that are suitable for each client.
In April 2021, the company launched a more robust third-generation cpu product, and began to produce a volume product.
The Fables model is very common in the domestic semiconductor industry, where design, crystallization, sealing are performed by specialized firms. The advantage of the Fables is that the company’s resources can be concentrated in the R & D and sales chain of integrated circuits, and the crystal-crystal manufacturing and seal testing process can be outsourced to the respective firms.
The completion of the sub-plants reduced the company's spending on production plants and equipment, and the better concentration of financial resources in chip-sets figure 2: company-ables business models charting corporate equity, with no controlling shareholders or actual controllers; and the company's management is rich in semiconductors, both within and outside the country
The company has a relatively fragmented equity structure, with no controlling shareholders or actual controllers. Of these, China Electric Investment Holdings Ltd. is the company’s largest shareholder. The company was founded by Dr. Yang Chong and Dr. Stephen Kuong-lotai, who obtained a Master’s degree in electronics and computer engineering at Oregon State University, and a doctorate in electronics and computer engineering.
He has been awarded such awards as the Bachelor of Electrical and Electronic Engineers Association of the United States (eefelllow), the "ieeecas Industry Pioneer Award" and the Shanghai City Government's "White Jadeland Honour Award" and Mr. Stephenkuong-lotai has received a Bachelor of Arts and Master of Arts degree in Electronic Engineering from Johns Hopkins University and Stan Buddha University, with 25 years of semiconductor architecture, design and engineering management experience.
Many other managers have experience with semiconductor companies, both within and outside the country, such as Panlin semiconductor, Intel, Shanghai Bay Ridge, China Rainbow, and China’s Grand Halfconductor. The company’s rich industrial experience has enabled the company to have excellent technical skills and extensive product development experience, which has had a positive impact on the company’s health.
The company has a large number of subsidiaries, and its main subsidiaries include fully-owned subsidiaries that promote e-Kinsan, invest, invest in Hainan, promote e-Hinnan, hold companies in e-Shanghai, and so on. These include e-Kunsan and e-Shanghai master chip R & D and sales, and invest in equity investment and asset management.
Figure 3: Corporate equity structure The company has a wide range of strong equity incentives and has mobilized team motivation. The first coverage was introduced in October 2019 after technology was introduced in 2019 to motivate employees, bind employees and public sector interests and help companies to develop over the long term.
The extensive restricted equity incentive scheme, which awarded a total of 1.65 million shares to 468 core managers and technicians, accounted for 1.46 per cent of the total share capital at the time, with staff coverage exceeding 95 per cent of the total staff at the time, and fully motivated staff. The incentive is planned to be implemented in June 2020, and the implementation and delivery of corporate equity incentives will help maintain core staff stability and sound long-term management.
The company’s main operations include interlinking chips (currently including memory interface chips and memory module packages, pcletimmer chips, etc.) and the capture server platform (including the capture of cpu and mixed security memory modules).
In terms of revenue structure, the company achieved business income of $2.56 billion in 2021, an increase of 40.5 per cent over the year. Of this, the connected chip/snatch server platform achieved business income of $1.72.850 billion, a decrease of 4.3 per cent and an increase of $2,750.1 per cent, respectively, and the company earned business income of $970 million in the single quarter, an increase of 11.6 per cent over the same period.
Looking back at the company's operations in 2021, there was a slight decline in the company's interconnectivity chip collection, mainly due to: 1) the server inventory phase in the first half of 2021, company roll-out, ddr4 memory interface chips entering the end of the product's life cycle and demand reduction; 3) ddr4 chip unit price drops
In 2022, with ddr5 memory interface chips and memory module packages officially produced, it is expected that the volume and unit prices of company interconnection chips will rise significantly. On the other hand, the company’s capture server platform grew rapidly in the second half of 2021, largely as a result of the industry’s continued recovery.
In 2021, the company ' s overall Māori rate was 48.1%, based on the Māori structure, and the gross profit on the server platform was 11.4/090 million yuan, and the Māori ratio was 66.7%/10.2%, respectively.
Looking back at the company’s business performance in previous years: in 2017-2021, the company’s operating income increased from $1.23 billion to $2.56 billion.
RMB, which represents an annual compound growth rate of about 20.2 per cent; net corporate returns, which increased from 350 million yuan to 830 million yuan; annual composites, which increased by 40.5 per cent; net returns, which decreased by 24.9 per cent, from 830 million yuan, to 24.9 per cent, due mainly to: 1) a decline in corporate interconnection chip collection and Māori rates: 2) a change in fair value resulting from a company ' s investment
Corporate profitability is on the rise each year, and cost-rate controls are effective. There has been a certain decline in corporate combined Māori rates and net interest rates, both at the beginning of the lower capture server platform and for the reasons described above.
The net operating cash flow was optimized. 1) Net operating cash flow: from 2017 to 2020, net operating cash flow of companies was optimized, starting in 2018.
The net operating cash flow is close to $1 billion. 2021q3, the company ' s combined operating cash flow for the third quarter was $350 million, a decline of 55.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a decrease in net corporate profits and a greater increase in accounts receivable than accounts payable. Net growth was less than net corporate profits. 2021q3, the company ' s total net cash flow for the third quarter now stands at 0.7, as a result of the company ' s three quarters.
Assumption 1: 1.72 billion dollars in business income on interconnected chip in 2021. The company launched a unit price and a Māori ratio of more than ddr4, a ddr5 memory interface chip at the end of October 2021, applicable to a variety of applications, due to server demand.
It's going to continue to flourish, and the company's interconnection chip business is expected to expand further in 2022. We expect the company's interconnection chip to earn $850 million in the second half of 2021, mainly for the second half of the year, and we're expected to grow steadily in the future.
The higher penetration rate of ddr5 combined with the lower rate of Māori capture server platform's higher rate of revenue collection....The company's net return profit growth rate over the next three years was about 22.3 per cent, taking into account the company's leading position on the internal interface chip, which did not occur.
2) Global Trade Friction Risk 3) New Crown Epidemic Risk 5) Investment Gains and Fair Value Volatility Risk
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.