• Investment rating: purchase (first time) of technology-led memory interface chip taps
After more than a decade of growth, the company has maintained a world leader in the products of the ddr4 and ddr5 generation. The “1+9” distribution buffer system framework from the dddr4 generation was certified by jedec, and the ddr5 first generation memory interface module and module set chip in October 2021.
The company’s ddr5 product is expected to continue its lead on the ddr4 memory interface chip. In 2021, the company made a breakthrough in the operation of the cpu platform, with an outbreak of revenue growing to patents, while maintaining large-scale R & D inputs, with R & D costs standing at around 15% per year.
The focus of the investment is on new products, including the pcierettimer chip, the ai chip, the price of the company as compared to the depth of 300.
1 memory interface chip: ddr 5 generation upgrades drive up the volume of memory interface chips. On the one hand, the downstream server market has a strong demand that boosts the demand for memory interface chips; on the other hand, the ddr5 generation product updates, while the "1+10" architecture requires more db chips, while at the same time it requires more db chips.
The penetration rate of the package is also expected to increase, with intergenerational upgrading driving the return of average unit prices for corporate products. The price of the company’s memory interface chip product has risen.
In April 2021, the third generation of products were marketed. Companies and downstream eco-building were booming, and market expansion was beginning to yield results. Compared to the 2020 harvest of $29 million, the 2021 harvest of $845 million was on the rise.
The cpu platform product series is expected to increase continuously. 3pcletimer chips: focus on market demand and expand the pre-emptive advantage.
The company was the first to produce a pcie 4.0 retimer chip in September 2020, and is now working on the development of a pcie 5.0 retimer chip. The retimmer chip is expected to be imported into the market simultaneously.
The ddr5 penetration rate is lower than expected, downstream server demand less than expected, new product development and promotion of the world's leading memory interface chip tap
1.1 The world's leading memory interface chip leader, Inc., maintains a leading position in the industry on ddr4 and ddr5 generation products. Science and technology was created in 2004, transferring assets related to the consumption of electronic chips in 2017 and making it one of the first 25 companies to be a science-starter in 2019.
The company's main business is to provide chip-based solutions in the field of cloud computing and artificial intelligence, the main products of which are memory interface chips, the Jin arrest server cpu and the mixed security memory module. The “1+9” distributed RAM system framework from the ddr4 generation was certified by jedec and adopted.
In 2016, the company, in collaboration with Intel and Qinghua University, developed a catch server, cpu, based on this and a mixed safety memory module, with a chip-level security monitoring capability and an asymmetric computing technique that can provide big data.
The ddr5 generation is still at the forefront of the industry, and in October 2021, the company ' s dddr5 first generation memory interface module and module set-up chip achieved volume production. 1.2 Business income has increased significantly and technology is strong
Quick cpu platform operations made a breakthrough, with a significant increase in corporate operating income in 2021. Corporate operating income grew steadily overall, at an annual rate of more than 40 per cent, in 2017-2018. Growth was stable and slower in 2019-2020, on the one hand, as the product of the ddr4 generation moved towards the end of the product life cycle, with product penetration.
The increase was limited and demand was inadequate due to the downturn in the downstream server industry. In 2021, corporate revenue fell and grew by 40 per cent, mainly as a result of a significant increase in corporate capture of server platform revenue, which reached $845 million, an increase of 275.92 per cent over the previous year.
The company ' s net profits have continued to grow, mainly as a result of the upgrading of sub-gens 1.0 to gen2.5 of the ddr4 product and the increasing penetration of the product, which has led to a steady increase in the company ' s profits. In 2021, the company ' s net return to the mother was $829 million, a decrease of 25 per cent, mainly due to the fact that the product of the ddr 5 generation began to produce in the fourth quarter of 2021 and is in the product life week.
At the beginning of the period, the company ' s net profit fell in 2021 owing to a combination of a decline in the average unit price of the product, due to the fact that the product of the ddr 4 generation had reached the end of its life cycle.
At the end of their life cycle, the Māori rate declined, and with the large-scale production of the ddr5 product, the Māori rate of the q4 memory interfaces recovered in 2021.
Research and development inputs for major products, nearly $300 million in 2020. Research and development for corporate products includes a number of sectors, such as the Ministry of Research and Development, the Ministry of Market Applications and Technology and the Ministry of Operations, with highly regulated research processes and quality control systems covering all stages of research and development, after more than 10 years of research and development, the company's memory interface chip product.
Already in the mainstream of international memory, server and cloud computing. As of 2020, companies had cumulatively received 170 patents, including 109 patents for inventions.2 The memory interface chip has been upgraded, and the cpu has made a breakthrough.
2.1 ddr5 Age drive RAM interface core logical devices that are compliant with memory interface technical standards, primarily RAM chip standards, are applied to server RAM chips to assist central processors in accessing RAM data and increasing velocity and stability of RAM access to RAM data.
The industry is exploring plans to add a clock-drive chip (ckd) to the jedec ddr standard, such as ddr2, dddr3, dddr4, dddr5. While the industry is exploring plans to add a clock-drill chip (ckd) on pc and laptop computers in late ddr5.
Figure 5 RAM chip maps Downstream server market demand increases RAM chip demand. During the epidemic, household office, online education has led to a sharp increase in cloud service demand, which drives the increase in server demand.
In 2023, the market size for global cloud computing will be exceeded by $350 billion. In addition, asomer computing, margin computing, and bonding, the cloud service provider plans to launch a new data centre in over 30 regions in 2022. Based on Amazon James hamilton model analysis, the server will be the top capital expense of the data centre, and so the server demand will increase.
Upgraded. According to the latest quarterly data from 2019 to 2021, corporate operating income is positively correlated with global server output, such as the decline in global server output in the third quarter of 2021, which reversed the decline in the first two quarters, achieving an increase in the same year, with corporate operating income equal to one quarter and two quarters in 2021.
As the server is downstream of the memory interface industry, changes in server demand will be passed through the industry chain to the memory interface chip, so the data memory interface is typically ahead of the server delivery volume for one quarter.
The ddr5 generation has significantly improved its performance compared to the dddr4. Jedec has updated the dddr5 standard, compared to the ddr4, which has significantly improved performances. At the rate of operation, dddr4 can support up to 3,200 mt/s, while dddr5 can achieve 4,800 mt/s, and ddr5 can do more as technology matures.
In terms of the maximum density of a single particle, ddr5 has quadrupled from ddr4, from 16gbs to 64gbs. Also, ddr5 dual-channel structure can further increase the speed rate. And ddr5 can further reduce cpu and dram by using a 1+10 structure (1rcd+10db) compared to the ddr4 "1+9" distributed buffer memory subsystem framework
Loads between particles reduce signal transmission losses. The memory interface chip has been upgraded and the unit price of the product is expected to increase. Based on the average unit price of the interface chip stored by the company in 2016-2018, the average unit price of the company ' s memory interface chip has risen.
Over time, product unit prices will decline over the life cycle of specific products, but as new technologies become more new and new product penetration increases, overall sales unit prices will continue to rise, with ddr4 generation gen 1.0, gen1.5, gen2.0, gen2.oplus product replacement cycles in 2016-2018.
It is assumed that with the evolution of ddr5 generation products, the average unit price for the sale of memory interface chips is expected to rise to new levels, and the company is the leader of the memory interface industry, and the ddr4 generation has established industry leadership. From the evolution of the ddd generation, industry patterns continue to increase with the technical difficulties and technical barriers of the memory interface chips.
With fewer and fewer participants in the industry, more than 10 participants in the ddr2 phase, with a moderate increase in the industry collection to the dddr4, where industry participants became predominantly technology, idt, and Rambus. In the dddr4, the company proposed a complete “1+9” buffer, which was adopted by Jedec, reflecting the company's technology in the industry.
The company’s ddr5 memory interface chip was designed to continue the industry’s leading position for the ddr4. The department participated in the jedec’s specification definition of the ddr5 memory interface chip and successfully developed the first generation of dddr5.
An engineering sample with an interface chip that currently provides a complete set of ddr5 interfaces that conforms to the Jedec specifications within the host clock drive (rcd), the data buffer (db), the spodhub, the temperature sensor (ts) and the power management chip (pmic).
In addition, the server memory module requires three combinations of chip (spd, ts and pmic), pc and laptop udimm and sodimm, and the value of the entire ddr5-related chip is higher than the value of the ddr4 generation. Due to the technology-intensive characteristics of the memory module chip, it is still expected to fuel technology in the future.
It is expected that the company’s memory interface chip business will increase substantially, benefiting from product rotation and demand growth. The company is a key player in the industry’s leadership, the Jedec organization dddr5 standard, and is able to enjoy the industry’s dividends in depth.
On the one hand, the expansion of large data centres, the growth in the market size of cloud computing, the demand for memory interface chips upstream of the server, on the other hand, the upgrading of the ddr5 generation product, on the other hand, requires more db than the dddr4 generation 1+9 architecture, and the 1+10 architecture, on the other hand, proposes more RAM chips.
High technical requirements, the unit price for the sale of memory interface chips as the company’s main product is expected to increase. ddr5 penetration rates, if reference is made to the penetration rhythm of the memory interface chips in ddr4, usually reach about 20-30% at the end of the month for each sub-generation product, 50-70% at the end of the 24-month period and 36 months at the end of the 36-month period.
By and large, sub-generationals have achieved most of the market penetration. On this basis, it is estimated that in the next three years the company's memory interface core product will enjoy a deep industrial dividend.
The Ximangcpu platform consists of the company's capture series cpu and the company's autonomous intellectual property rights mixed security memory module (hsdimm). The X86 architecture processor, with good expansionability, flexibility and ease of use, brings together Qinghua University with dsc technology based on the Intelx86 processor.
This can be combined with the company ' s hsdimm to form a jigsaw cpu platform, which has security pre-detection or kinetic safety detection functions, while the standard hsdimm fully supports the tracking and dynamic control of command/address signals and interactive data, and the streamlined hsdimm-lite supports the tracking and memory data protection of orders/addresss can be high.
The end-server platform provides a more secure and reliable memory solution. The Zinkcpu platform has been used by a number of server manufacturers. The server model, based on the Zink platform, has been applied to high-tech enterprises in the areas of government, transportation, and so on, and cooperation now includes the Great Wall of China, Xinhua San and Xinhua San.
Pre-Kun, Bodd, the Great Wall Super Cloud, the Chinese Electronic Clouds, conjectures, etc., while safeguarding the computing performance of the walls, also protect users’ data and information security. The rapid cpu platform’s booming growth, with many years of market promotion and product development, has been successful.
By the end of 2018, the first generation of Cpu platform products were officially launched, the company ' s cpu aided Eastern securities were successfully upgraded in 2020, and the company released a third generation of Cpu in 2021. In 2021, the Cpu harvest increased significantly, to 845 million yuan, a qualitative improvement compared to 29 million yuan in 2020.
In the face of a wave of national production substitution, demand for a series of cpu platform products is expected to continue to rise, bringing company performance to 2.3 pcle 4.0 retimer: ahead of schedule, which is expected to contribute to a larger performance gain, pcle 4.0 retimer chip that solves the signal chronology of the server during high-speed, long-range transmission of data.
Pcie is a high-speed serial computer extension bus standard that allows high-bandwidth transmission of high-speed serial point-to-point two-way channels and is applied in a number of areas of high-performance computing, server, storage, network, instrumentation and consumer electronics. From pcie 3.0 to pcie 4.0, data transmission speed
Rates have increased from 8gt/s to 16gt/s, and the rate of data transmission has led to signal decay and reference clock clock chronology, while pcle 4.0 retimer applies to the fourth generation of ultra-high time-series integration chips, with transmission rates of 16gt/s, capable of removing shaking and random shaking, low power and low delay characteristics, support.
100mhz reference clock output. There are also sufficient safeguards of reliability, availability and maintenance, providing a lale/port error diagnostic register, supporting multiple dfx functions, facilitating system debugging, addressing mainly data data data high speeds, remote transmissions, signal timings, poor integrity, and loss.
As pcie 4.0 transitions to pcie 5.0, pcie 6.0 and data transfer rates increase, the demand for pcie retimer chips will increase further. Retimer chips have been successfully produced in September 2020, and the company has now started pcie 5.0 retimer cores.
Research and development, with mainstream server cpu in support of pcie 5.0 in 2022, the company, as the only company in the country with the capacity to produce in terms of R & D technology, has the pre-emptive advantage, and the technology requirements are increasing as the product of the pcieretamer chip continues to evolve, and the pcieretamer business is expected to contribute more to the company.
Figure 15nvmessd reference design 3. Profit prediction and valuation Key assumption 1: memory interface chip and accompanying module chip, 21-year ddr4 memory interface core
Starting with official output, with ddr5 replacement acceleration, asp upgrades, and the import of memory module packages, the profitability of the interface chip plate is expected to be significantly revised over 22 years. We expect the company to save the interface chip and the accompanying module chip to earn $17.7 billion ($312.9 billion/476.8 billion) over 2021-2023, respectively.
Key assumption 2: In the case of the Xin Quick cpu platform, the market space for the product is huge, and the company’s primary objective in the initial phase of the product is to pursue the upwards, with higher growth expectations given the faster incremental changes during the new business expansion. We expect the company to earn $84.5 billion in 2021-2023, respectively.
Key assumption 3: pcierenemer chips and others, currently pcie 4.0 penetration is at a lower level, pcie 4.0 retimer chips are just being imported into the market, and there will be a significant increase in chip demand in 2022 as industry penetration rises. We expect company pcie 2021-2023.
Retimer chips and other business revenues are 100 million yuan/40 million yuan/100 million yuan, respectively, corresponding to the Māori rate, which has contributed to technology mainly in the design and development of memory interface chips, with only two competing firms in the field, all of which are foreign manufacturers, and thus, among the companies listed in China, we have selected four cores in four different fields.
A leading company in design is valued as a comparable company. In 2021, the average value of a company perpe was 55 times that of a company.
See for information only. I did not, do not and will not receive any recommendations or views directly or indirectly in the present report.