q4 performed as expected, i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e. i., i.e., i.e. i., i.e., i., i.e. i., i.e. i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e. i., i.e. i., i.e., i.e. i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e. i., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e. q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4
This represents a decrease of 5.69 per cent; a net gain of 2,018 million yuan to the mother, a decrease of 18.49 per cent; a net gain of 1,522 million yuan, and a performance of q4 that is up to expectations, with a 22-year mark. Single q4, the company achieved a revenue of 6,595 million, was affected by the epidemic for 21 years, and the track business performed poorly, with an overall decline in the previous three quarters, but q4 received the same income.
The increase of +7.16% reflects a steady increase in the share of new equipment operations. On the profit side, the combined Māori rate is expected to decrease slightly more than the recovery, as a result of a higher turnover than the new equipment business.
The impact of the epidemic has been poor for almost two years, but it is now expected to hit the bottom. The impact of the epidemic, with insufficient rail passenger traffic, has affected the country’s railway train repair and replacement period, and the company takes the lead in the railing system, which is more affected by the industry’s downfall.
The train operated by the high-tech train will gradually enter the maintenance phase, and the company's railing operation will open up new opportunities and hopefully hit the bottom in 22 years.
The sales of Biadi, Peng, Ideal, and Which Peng have continued to exceed expectations, more than doubled in the same ratio and doubled in the 22-year target of new power in each car.
Branding is the most advanced and is expected to lead the city in 22 years, with the firm’s 2nd igbt production line steadily climbing, with the advantage of idm production. In addition, the company pre-positions sic, issuing a domestic headline power drive based on autonomous sic devices, with full benefits if the next sic starts.
2. In-depth research by Electrics of the Age (688187): Relay power, sensors, etc., is continuing and rising as a percentage of revenue.
Electrical taps, car igbt opening up future growth space, outside of the body, are also seen in the company’s new equipment business, power drives, sensors, etc. In the previous three quarters, the company actually earned $284 million, an increase of 257.81%, compared to the previous three quarters, and is expected to collect more than $500 million a year.
In the case of sensors, companies are leading the way with large photovoltaic customers, and they are steadily contributing to the collection of vehicle sensors, and self-researching of car sensors is also expected to be launched. In the case of photovoltaic reverse transformers, companies, in collaboration with governments like Qinghai, are expected to take advantage of the cost advantage and the country’s business background.
\triangleright leading the towed system, with strong capital technology. The company now extends to new energy sources, igbt, and power-driven operations, with a strong technological advantage and a productive base, opening up new performance growth points. Maintains the `recommended' rating.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, is independent and objective, and is responsible for the content and views of the present report. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.