Emerging equipment operations continued to be scaled up, and track-over operations were expected to deliver a fast-track performance report for 2021 on 25 February, yielding operating income of $15,521 billion (unaudited, lower) throughout the year, representing a 5.7 per cent decrease in the same year and a net return to the mother ' s profit of $2,018 million
The Division achieved operating income of $6,595 million, an increase of 7.16 per cent over the same period, and a net return profit of 8.15 per cent.
S0870521110002 Upgrade. According to the China-China Association, the domestic sales of new energy vehicles increased by 135.8 per cent in January, while the production of new power-building products continued to accelerate in February, a year-on-year increase.
Ma Yongzheng’s model advantage and release of phase two of the gbt’s capacity have benefited from the company’s depth of operations, and the product has entered the chain of multiple front-loaded cars and is expected to lead the country’s igbt.
In addition, the company is continuing in the areas of wind-power transformers, light-voltage converters, vehicle sensors, etc.
In December 2021, electricity released the first domestic power-driven product based on autonomous sic devices, which is expected to be certified and certified with corporate carbonated silicon.
As the 12mtha price range moves forward, the power of the era is expected to pre-empt the market. The railing operations are adversely affected by the epidemic and are expected to rebound in the future.
Unlimited sale of a share/total equity, slowdown in domestic traffic and railway construction, significant decline in investment in new iron and steel mobile equipment, and a cyclical decline in public-transit operations. But as the epidemic gets under control and the country's “stable growth”
In the context of the “new capital” policy, domestic rail track construction continues, passenger traffic will resume steadily, and the company track business is expected to rebound. The first coverage is rated as “buy-in.” We expect the company to return to its net profit in 2021-2023.
The company is at the forefront of the global rail system and has successfully opened up new new energy sources, such as the gbt/electric drive and wind-change (reverse) currents, with the release of orders and production capacity over 22 years, the company ' s profitability is being restored.
The risk of macro-policy changes, the demand for new energy vehicles is not as high as expected, and technology is not as diverse as expected. 1) Business assumptions and projections for emerging industries include power semiconductors, motor power drives, transformers, seawork equipment, etc.:
In 22-23 years, power semiconductor device operations benefited mainly from the company's 2nd phase of 240,000 igbt production lines, which is a doubling of the current 1st phase, and we're based on production and release rhythms and price increases predicting the performance of power semiconductor operations for 21-23 years.
Automobile power operations benefit mainly from the rapid upswing of domestic electric vehicle penetration on the demand side, while the share of third-party electric power companies is expected to increase further, and the share of the company's power drive operations is expected to land on their own igbt chips and related accompaniment capabilities.
The industrial transformer, whose main growth energy is derived from the company's wind and power transformer, has the core advantage of supplying its own igbt chip, which is expected to support a significant increase in the company's share as the second phase of the project expands, as well as the company's new photo-reverse transformer product is expected to contribute a part of the increase.
The scale effect of the doubling in scale, the increase in the share of high-end products, such as supercharged power and power-driven power, is expected to lead to a sustained upturn in the combination of Māori in the emerging industries over the next three years, with projected recurrent effects of the epidemic in 2021, a slowdown in domestic traffic and railway construction, and a shift in medium-sized iron.
Significant decline in investment in new equipment, resulting in a significant decline in the number of tenders/products for domestic motor and locomotive fleets, a cyclical decline in the company ' s railing operations, and a projected 21-year turnover of domestic locomotive production
As the epidemic gets under control, passenger traffic will recover steadily, while, in the context of the country's “stable growth” and “new infrastructure” policies, the construction of the domestic rail track continues to advance, bringing with it new and stable needs, while adding to the replacement needs for the replacement of the old rail transfer equipment.
The pattern of track equipment competition is stable, the past business Māori rate is almost at 40%, and it is still 39.5% in the year 2020 in the reverse cycle, and we expect it to rebound over the next three years, while emerging industries rely on core chips/molds.
It is expected that the company’s battalion/technical advantages accumulated in 2021-2023 will be able to open up new energy sources, such as the gbt/electric drive and wind-change (reverse) currents, and with the release of orders and production capacity in 22 years.
The semiconductor industry is the core industry limited by the United States, where Time Electric, as a leading domestic power semiconductor company, is at risk of sanctions affecting the expansion of the company's capacity and the continued growth logic of the company's emerging business core depends on the capacity of the gbt2 production line.
The development of new items such as company igbt/sic has progressed less than expected.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.