In China, net profits increased by 147.4 per cent in the first half of 2017 over the same period, and the company achieved business income of 1205.18 per cent in the first half of the year.
Millions of yuan, 53.1 per cent more than the same year, and 24,315 million yuan in net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 147.4 per cent more than the same year.
Sales prices rose by 56.8 per cent, coal sales grew by 18.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and companies increased their profits by a larger share of underwater coal, a greater margin of profits for tons of coal, a 13.8 per cent to 30.7 per cent increase in the Māori-led coal business, and a 43 per cent to 63 per cent increase in their contribution to the company ' s performance.
Power generation operations: The growth in the demand for electricity generated by the growth in the demand for electricity generated by the decline in hydroelectric power generation in the first half of the year, combined with the high-temperature weather all over the country, led to an increase in the volume of electricity generated by companies by 9.9 per cent and the sales of electricity by 10.1 per cent, respectively, but a significant increase in the cost of electricity generation resulted in a decrease in the Māori rate of the squeezed power generation operation by 16.9 per cent to 16.9 per cent, respectively.
The share of revenue has also fallen by 30 to 9 per cent. Transport operations: strong coal demand has led to a recovery in railways, shipping volumes, and the release of capacity from new routes, such as calibrated ponds, and the company ' s resource consolidation capacity has increased significantly in the Shanxi-Shangbei-Monnan area, with an equal turnover in its own railways.
13.9% of external clients increased their turnover by 37.5%, returning to transport and the growth of non-coal transport operations led by railways, increasing their services to external customers by 1.2 to 58%. Shipping is actively associated with coal sales, with a 37.6% increase in turnover compared to the previous year, leading to an 8.4 to 24.2% increase in Māori.
The effects of integrated logistics capacity have been significant in scale. As a result of the significant increase in coal operations during the reporting period, the contribution of the entire transport plate to the company’s performance has declined to 27%. Coalized industry: prices of the company’s main products, polyethylene and polypropylene, recovered significantly in the first half of the year.
s07905141001 The company ' s sales of coal chemical products in the first half of the year were still close to 8 per cent higher, with a two-litre increase of 11.6 percentage points to 20.7 per cent in the Māori rate of coal chemical operations.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd., as the largest coal listing company in the country, has completed the full industrial chain layout of coal, electricity generation, ports, shipping, coal integrated chemicals, of which coal, power generation, transport have become the three largest players in the company's performance.
Urban Gate B, 5-story pillar. Companies have cost advantages, integrated operating advantages and scale effects in the industry, and are expected to continue to benefit from the policy benefits of advanced energy release in supply-side reforms.
The tons of coal polyolefins project and the 766 square kilometres of mining area, and the approval of an estimated 14.4 billion tons of coal resources, will further strengthen God’s dominance in the coal industry. Corporate equity policies are stable, valuations are relatively low, and reforms by state companies are continuing, and are of long-term concern in coal plates.
Figure 2: The history of China, pb. 1. The history of China, p.e., is self-qualified or of considerable professional competence by the Chinese Securities Association, and produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, direct or indirect disclosure of company-related information as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
In the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in the benchmark index of securities against the market was defined as follows:
Underweight: Industry is weaker than overall market performance.