In the area of coal production, the production of power-driven coal farms is operating at a low level, with 96,92 million tons of coal produced in mid- and mid-August, representing a decline of 943,000 tons, or 1.0 per cent, and 2,204 million tons of coal produced in mid-August, representing an increase of 120 million tons, or 6.04 per cent.
In terms of downstream demand, the “summer summer” is nearing its end, with a total of 1,101.005 million tons of coal in the six major coastal power plants as of 7 September 2017, a decline of 384.2 million tons, or 3.37 per cent, compared to the same period last week; a consumption of 75.26 million tons per day, an increase of 249,000 tons per day, an increase in the number of leading research assistants in the left.
With regard to the storage system (pilot) guidance (advertise draft) on the requirement for 20 days of coal storage in coal-fired power plants and concerns about subsequent price trends, there is still a need for the power plant to continue to replenish the reservoirs by adding up the winter storage purchase or precipitating the rate, which supports the high price of coal.3 In the case of coke, the focal point in the interior region has recently increased the price of coke by 100 yuan per ton, and by the eighth round of the coal-fired plant, all of which has been completed.
There has been a general increase in the number of research assistants in Wang Chimin, especially in the south, but there are still differences in the demand for coke of different quality; at this stage, in the western part of the mountain, there is a somewhat weak exchange of secondary coke, the pace of the steel plant's connection has slowed, and there is still a greater demand for high-quality coke in the north, as well as in the east of the country.
Remedial reservoir power is still in place, and the coke market is still optimistic in the short term.4 With regard to coke, there is a strong demand in the coal-refining market, with coal mines in Shanxi-Kinding region affected by firework restrictions, some open-air coal mines have yet to be re-created, and the original coal is a weekly industrial product that gathers policy forwards.
Production has fallen, resources have been strained, and the coal-fired plant at the present stone high sulfur (s1.8) has a tax price of around US$ 1250/t, with a cumulative increase of up to US$ 300/tonne/market hotspots, deep industrial excavation for the pursuit of tons, influenced by the rise in coal-fired and coke-strength in the Shanxi region, the price of coal-fired in the Hebei Tangshan region and the increase in coal-fired prices of up to US$ 40/tonne, and the miner's inventory.
Investors with absolute earnings have an important reference value.5 We believe that, at this stage, steel stock is beginning to grow, but the supply of coke is structurally tight. Moreover, the “nineteenth” is in the immediate future, and the environmental situation is tight, pushing only 1-2 stocks.
In the second half of this year, it is expected that the coal price will continue to be high, and that the coal price will continue to look at the coal plate.
For the next three months, we'll be looking forward to my post-market performance. Focusing on the investment opportunities offered by the Shanxi government process, leveraging and securing the approval of new projects for the relevant listed companies, the power coals think that these stock movements will significantly win over the market, and they'll be able to build them.
The government is concerned about the Xiangxi Coal industry, the Quantino Coal industry, China Shinhua, and the burning coal industry, as well as about the Xishan Coal Power, energy and flat coal shares.
On August 28, 2017, the National Finance Committee issued a press release.