With structural changes on the supply side of the coal sector, a six-month increase in the reported performance of the coal price increase, a sharp increase in performance, combined with deep policies such as structural changes on the supply side of the coal sector, an increase in the stability of domestic coal prices and a projected significant increase in corporate performance in the second half of the year, based on average coal prices in the first half of the year.
Coal supply side reforms combined with weak hydropower to promote co-growth of coal and fire power: Policy effects, such as a stable economy, structural changes in the supply side of the coal sector, are evident in the first half of 2017, where the price of coal market increased significantly from the first half of 2016, and the average price index of power coal in the first half of 2016.
For $590.29 per tonne, an increase of 52.6 per cent in the same year, the company increased the organization of coal sources, strengthened the procurement and transport of coal production, achieved a year-on-year increase in coal sales and average sales prices during the reporting period, and increased the volume of operations of the transport branch. In the first half of 2017, the company sold coal.
Tens of thousands of tons, up 18.4 per cent from the same year, were due mainly to the fact that since this year, the demand for downstream coal has increased as a result of the positive economic situation and the weak power of electricity and water: the company sold 11443 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 10.1 per cent from the same year.
In comparison with the increase, the increase in hydroelectric power generation from more than national-scale power plants led to an increase in the same amount of electricity generated by fire, and in comparison with the first half of 2016, the capacity of the company’s lighter was increased. To stock, to produce energy, and to heat the gas situation: chemicals began in the second half of 2016.
The effects of storage, decapitulation and subsequent rebounds in international oil prices, and the general rise in domestic chemical prices have benefited the company ' s coal-chemical products polyethylene and polypropylene.
17.04 million tons, an increase of 36.5 per cent over the same period. According to the data from Dragen, in the first half of 17 years, structural changes in the coal supply have stabilized coal supply and demand, and q3 performance is expected to remain high: the 16-year coal de-capacitation target is 250 million tons, compared to 300 million tons in the year.
Overachieved. The 17-year coal decapitation target was 150 million tons. At the end of April, the country withdrew 6.89 million tons of coal production, 46% of which had completed its annual tasks, and the supply and demand of coal improved.
The impact is that hydropower is weak, coal prices are strong, coal power is increasing, and corporate coal and coal power generation operations will benefit. As policies such as structural reforms on the supply side of the coal industry deepen, domestic coal and carbon price stability increase, o3 performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
Profit projection: Given that the company performed better than expected, we revised the company's performance forecast. We expected the pb to be 1.2 and 1.13, the pb to be 9.2 and 8.4, and the pb to be 1.35 and 1.20. In view of the significant growth in the company's performance, together with the supply side structure of the coal industry
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: