In the first half of the year, the company increased its profits by 9.5%, or 0.3 percentage points more than in the first quarter.
The average annual income fell by 3.0%, the end of the income fell by 5.8%, the end of the income fell by 5.8%, the balance of the income fell by a narrow margin, the stock pool was cleared and the reserve was set to raise less anti-breeding profits. Corporate stock problems continued to be cleared and basics improved.
The company has a very solid client and business base, and has improved the regional economy in Chongqing.
At the end of the period, the total assets of the company grew by 9.3 per cent over the year, a slight decrease of 0.1 percentage points over the first quarter, a slight slowdown. Loans grew by 9.3 per cent over the previous quarter, at a flat rate at the end of the quarter, with general lending growing faster.
Public loans are growing faster than at the end of the first quarter. Assets in the transaction category have increased by 66.24% over the previous quarter, ring increases by 1.79% net interest spread in the first half of 2023, down 24bp over the same period, asset end rate of return, liability rate down, assets down to more, loan rate down significantly as the main reason.
Stock risk continues to be clear, asset quality is stable, stock risk continues to be clear, poor + concern overall decreases, normal loan migration increases in the context of a weak external environment.
2bp, the balance of non-performing loans was slightly increased by $900 million, and the first half of the year was written off by $1,927 million, which is a slightly higher write-off rate. The rate of non-performing loans generated in the first half of the year was 0.74 per cent, an increase of 7bp over the same period. The difference between the amount of non-performing and the third phase of loans was narrow. The negative pressure came from retail end, with public improvements. The proportion of loans of concern was 1.14 per cent, down from the end of the previous year.
15bp. After the risk classification management approach, the concern includes all outstanding and poor overdue loans, and concerns are expressed that the marginality of loans can be more defined by the marginality of the problem. There are still pressures on the new generation and the migration rate of regular loans.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. Economic downside, overseas risk over-expected.
The net interest income fell by 5.8 per cent over the year, fee revenue fell by 4.5 per cent over the year, other non-interest income increased by 22.0 per cent over the year, operating income decreased by 3.0 per cent over the year, total assets grew by 9.3 per cent over the beginning of the year, loans grew by 9.3 per cent, and profits increased by 9.5 per cent over the first half of the year and 0.3 percentage points over the first quarter.
Corporate stock problems persist, and the fundamentals continue to improve. And, under the pressure of macroeconomic and interest rate changes, the bottom level of basic improvements is constrained by the macro-environment, but we should all see that companies have a very solid customer base, and that the region’s economy has improved in Chongqing.
In the first half of 2023, a net interest gap of 1.79 per cent fell by 24bp on the same year, with asset end-to-end rates of return, debt cost rates down, asset end-to-end rates down even more, and loan rates down sharply as the main reason. Assets end-to-end are influenced by lpr, concessionality, and demand, companies received interest-bearing assets in the first half of the year.
At the end of the period, the total assets of the company grew by 9.3 per cent over the previous year, a slight decrease of 0.1 percentage points over the first quarter. Loans grew by 9.3 per cent over the same period, with a flat rate of growth at the end of the quarter, in which general lending grew faster. The slowdown in public loans (without instruments), retail loans and discounts stemmed from a rise in the base over the same period last year, with firm size growing steadily as stock problems were resolved. At the end point, bonds were invested.
3. The base figure is to suppress a slight negative increase in fees, the return on investment is to drive other non-interest-bearing growth rates up 11.2 per cent in the first half of the year and 2.1 percentage points less in the first quarter of the year. Of this, net fees decreased by 4.5 per cent in the same year, mainly by 66.6 per cent in fiscal management, and bank cards, agents and settlement fees increased in the second quarter.
The central bank’s inclusive micro-credit support tool policy has stimulated an increase in capital. Other combinations in the first quarter of the two quarters have increased by $810 million.
Inventory risks continue to be exposed, negative + concerns generally decline, and normal loan migration increases in the context of a weak external environment. The poor rate of 1.21% in the 2nd quarter, a decline of 1bp over the 1st quarter, a decline of 2bp over the same period, a slight increase of 0.9 billion yuan in the negative loan balance, a 0.74% increase in the first half of the year, an increase of 7bp over the same period, and a write-off of $1.927 billion in the first half of the year.
Poor pressure comes from retail end and public improvement. By the end of last year, the rate of poor public loans was 1.28 per cent, a decline of 19bp from last year, a rise in the rate of bad loans for major real estate and construction, a rise of only 1.9 per cent for companies in real estate and construction, a decline of 1.34 per cent for retail loans, an increase of 17bp from the end of last year, and an increase in the rate of poor personal mortgages and consumer loans.
This includes all outstanding overdue loans, and concerns about marginality change can be defined as marginality. The new generation still has pressure on normal loan migration rates of 1.67%, an increase of 24bp over the same period.
Losses on impairment of assets decreased significantly by 49.0 per cent over the same period and 32.4 per cent over the same period in the single quarter of the second quarter by 2.66 billion yuan over the same period, a decline of 1 bp over the same period, with credit costs of 0.42 per cent in the first half of the year, which was lower than the negative rate of production of the bill.
The first half of the year was 31.2 per cent, with a 4.1 percentage point increase in the same year, and the first half, with a cost of $4.64 billion, or 11.6 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to staff costs and business promotion fees.
2-quarter core-level capital adequacy rate of 12.86 per cent, 4bp higher than year-to-year ratio, 13.57 per cent first-level capital adequacy rate of 13.30 per cent more than year-to-year capital adequacy rate of 6bp less than year-to-year ratio. 2-quarter roaa 1.03 per cent higher than year-to-year ratio of 2bp, roae 12.59 per cent more than year-to-year ratio