On October 25, 2020, the growth of the harvest accelerated seasonally and the Maori rate returned to normal levels.
• The growth of operating income in the first three quarters has been positive on a seasonal basis, with a marked improvement in net operating cash flows — market value in circulation (million yuan): in the third quarter, companies achieved operating income of $17,750 million, an increase of 11.53 per cent over the previous quarter.
In the third quarter, the company achieved a net return profit of $3.815 billion, representing a financial cost of about $500 million, compared to about $400 million in exchange earnings during the same period last year. In the third quarter, the public sector ' s thermal imaging product returned to the sales pace of conventional products, with the company ' s revenue structure back relative.
In a more normal situation, the Māori sales rate has returned to a more normal level. In the first three quarters, the net corporate cash flow reached $5,535 billion, an improvement apparent from the same period last year, as a result of an improvement in the repossession ring ratio in the third quarter: a significant cash expense was incurred during the same period last year as a result of an enhanced reserve.
In the third quarter, positive growth was achieved in all three major bgs, with innovation continuing at a rapid pace. In the case of domestic operations, further recovery in the third quarter was achieved on a two-quarter basis, with positive growth in all three major bgs. ebg was in the lead, largely as a result of the continuous release of the digital transformation needs of enterprises, resulting in an increase in the volume.
The demand has expanded from the security sector to sectors such as production technology.
In the first half of the year, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) were hit by the epidemic, and the market in the channel was gradually re-established in three quarters.
In the area of innovation, rapid growth continued in the last three quarters, with about 4.4 billion operating income, limited impact, and steady growth of nearly 50% in 2020.04.26, of which the independent listing of fluorescent Internet operations is proceeding in an orderly manner.
In the first three quarters, the epidemic continued to be the largest factor affecting the growth of income from overseas operations. In countries and regions with better control of the epidemic, sales income grew better, almost at the pre-epidemiological level.
The situation remains critical in the army and regions like India, Africa, and Latin America. US operations have been adversely affected by political and epidemic effects for the last two years, and the US market has continued to grow negatively, with the overall share continuing to decline.
In the fourth quarter, there is still a need to focus on recurring outbreaks in various countries and regions, and the reversal of the epidemic will still create considerable uncertainty about normal operations.
As a global champion of security, companies have a comprehensive advantage in technology, products, and solutions. Considering the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic on domestic and external markets, a small downscaling of the company ' s operations from 2020 to 2022, taking into account the company ' s industry status, the quarterly improvement in operating revenues over the past three quarters, and the past five years.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has led to less than anticipated macroeconomic developments, less than expected demand for a digital business transition, less than expected expansion of overseas markets, less than expected growth of innovative business, and increased competition in the industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.