(c) On 24 October 2020, Heconway issued a three-quarterly report, and in the first three quarters of 2020 the company achieved a revenue of $42,021 billion, an increase of 5.48 per cent;
Seacomway (002415.sz) returns net profit to mothers of $8,439 million, an increase of 5.13 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate is 47,71 per cent, an increase of 1.27 percentage points in the same year. For the third quarter of a single quarter, revenues of $17,750 million (an increase of 11.53 per cent in the same year) and net profit to mothers of $3,815 billion (an increase of 0.12 per cent in the same year).
In the third quarter of 2020, companies achieved 17,750 million yuan, an increase of 11.53 per cent in the same year; \triangleright Division achieved a net return profit of 3,815 million yuan, an increase of 0.12 per cent in the same year. The financial costs of currency exchange losses this quarter were about $500 million due to the rapid appreciation of the renminbi.
Compared to the exchange gains of about $400 million for the same period last year, the net profit for the third quarter was significantly affected by the exchange gains and losses; the net profit for the third quarter would increase by 23.68 per cent if the impact were excluded; and the real profitability of companies improved significantly. On the cost side, companies continued to promote managerial excellence, combined with reduced travel under the epidemic, with declining sales, R & D, and management cost rates in the previous three quarters, with declining trends in the previous three quarters, and three quarters.
In terms of cash flows, accumulated cash flows in the first three quarters reached $5,535 million, up from the same level in previous years, mainly as a result of three-quarters improvements in returns and last year’s increased readiness, resulting in higher cash expenditures. The ebg operations showed good performance and the three major operations continued to improve.
\triangleright 150052003001 First, the digital transformation needs of head enterprises are robust, smart business expansion can also contribute to business mitigation efficiency, and we have a long-term view of the growth of the business market.
Now that the impact of the epidemic has diminished and government demand has warmed back into the pbg business recovery, the pbg business has continued to pick up this quarter after the second quarter, with priority projects falling in sequence. The smbg operation has benefited from overall macroeconomic warming, which has picked up at a pace of three quarters, with the recovery of channel markets, demand to replenish stocks, and four quarters, or even Sea Conway: a pessimistic expectation of performance, with the “Frystone Network” to be split.
In overseas operations, regional performance in different countries is closely linked to the impact of the epidemic, and the epidemic in India, Africa, and Latin America remains severe. In other regions where the epidemic is better controlled, sales earnings have grown better, and are close to pre-epidemiological growth levels.
Rapid growth, generating business revenues of approximately $4.4 billion, close to 50% of the year-on-year increase. Moreover, the sales performance of thermal imaging products has fallen in three quarters, returning to the normal marketing rhythm. Future contributions to corporate revenue will diminish marginally. > Unified software research and development systems will boost efficiency, and an enabling industry will show up.
R & D systems. The company effectively supports the rapid development and replication of industry applications through software reuse, and enhances software compatibility.
The structure has been built initially, its advantages have gradually become apparent, and its human effectiveness has improved significantly. It will further strengthen company performance from many angles, such as cost and Maori.
The average daily call was 35,000,000 +; the cumulative training model was over 10,000, with the vertical industry representing more than 95 per cent of the total number of models. Through the release of benign cycle products and their wide application in various industries, Heconway was able to move from a single sensor to a multi-dimensional sensor, from a non-intelligent sensor to an intelligent sensor, from a sensor product to a three-storey network of architecture smarts, and from a video monitor to a smartness network product and solution.
>Investment proposal: Heconway’s excellent performance q3 is accompanied by further macroeconomic recovery, and the company’s subsequent performance is expected to be higher than expected. More than that, Heconway is constantly pushing ahead with lean management, promoting business efficiency through a unified software architecture, and one’s ability to open up the digital transformation space for government clients. We firmly look to Heconway’s risk factors: the macroeconomic climate is down; competition is rising; and new business is not expanding as expected.
Figure 1: Haekangway ' s income and profit performance: Haeconway ' s profit rate performance; Figure 3: Haeconway ' s cost during the period of sight
Figure 4: Oceanviewed R & D costs (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Oceanviewed cash flows (millions of dollars) Figure 6: Oceanview net profits and operating net cash flows (billions)
Figure 7: Heaconway's inventory (millions of dollars) Figure 8: Heaconway's accounts receivable (millions of dollars)
Third place in the New Wealth Electronics Industry in 19; 2/3 in the Crystal Ball in 18/19; and 3/2 in the Electronics Industry in the Golden Bull Award in 18/19; Li Xiaoqing, a Master ' s degree from Wuhan University, joined the South-West Securities Society in 2018 and the Sinda Securities in 2020; Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities in 2020 to study the Electronics Industry.
This report is prepared and published by the China Securities Commission. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is provided only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only opinions and judgements as at the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.