The loss of exchange affects the growth of profits.
The company released a three-quarterly report for 2020, which generated 42,021 million yuan in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 5.48 per cent over the previous three quarters; a net return profit of $8,439 million, an increase of 5.13 per cent over the same period; (i) revenue continued to improve and exchange losses eroded profits
Corporate performance continues to be robust and collects better on a seasonal basis. More specifically, domestic business has recovered, and three bgs have grown: ebg has benefited from the more resilient and rapid growth of industry head households and is expected to continue their digital transformation at the firm level in the future.
Space, the company's business is expected to continue to grow at a relatively fast pace; pbg benefits from the continued recovery of some government projects; and smbg has stabilized and positive growth in q3, indicating that the impact of the epidemic on the pipeline has further subsided and is expected to return to normal in the future.
q4 The situation in these three business blocks will be further improved. Overseas operations are reverberated by the epidemic, and uncertainty remains.
The renminbi appreciation is expected to continue, and q4 in exchange rates will continue to erode the company’s profits for some time to come. Overall, we believe that companies are expected to grow by a little over 5% a year, and net profits will remain stable.
(ii) Robust strategies highlight the fact that the leadership of the new crown epidemic is expected to accelerate the transformation of intelligence. Companies are actively seized of industry trends, innovative business performance is visible, generating business income of about $4.4 billion, close to a 50 per cent increase over the previous year;
On the other hand, companies’ ability to resist risks is reflected in uncertainty, such as the epidemic, their active control of fees, and their focus on cash flow, storage, etc. It is expected that the company’s medium- and long-term performance will return to faster growth after a return to normality in the future.
Taking into account the impact of the loss of exchange on corporate profits, we adjust our profit projections, "Hiconway: a robust growth in performance, deep-farming aiot driving intelligence, profiting from the dividends of product intelligence upgrading, still have better investment value, and keep "pull"
The report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
Macro-level capture, top-down excavation of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain, different industries; in-depth understanding of industry landscapes and changes in the industry chain, good at managing marginal changes and cyclical tipping points: exploiting potential investment targets from a unique perspective.