Shinjiyama Signal Exchange, Salt Lake shares (000792.sz) Potassium double business development, promising future growth
Potassium fertilization and lithium carbonate are continuing, and the world-class salt lake industry is in a state of readiness. The company is the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, with significant resource and scale advantages, with existing potassium chloride producing 5 million tonnes/year, lithium from salt lakes based on resource advantage, and 30,000 tonnes/year carbonate producing capacity. Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate are available.
The main point of growth in company performance was that lithium carbonate accounted for more than 10 per cent of operating income in 2021. On the income side, potassium chloride had grown at a compound rate of 6.9 per cent in the last five years, and lithium carbonate had been operating at a rate of 6.9 per cent.
The price of potassium chloride as a whole remains high, and green agriculture has flourished in recent years, with increasing demand for potassium fertilizer. According to Frost Sullivan, Chinese potassium was sold 2048 million tons in 2021, and Chinese potassium is expected to be sold 2,071 million tons in 2022.
Self-pricing, with 5 million tons of potassium chloride producing more than 50 per cent of the country ' s capacity to produce potassium chloride, or 46.72 per cent of the country ' s capacity to produce potassium chloride, which in recent years has remained at more than 90 per cent, with sales rates at the base: 30 September 2022
New energy demand continues to release and lithium carbonate is high. The rapid growth of the new energy automobile industry continues, and the lithium carbonate market maintains a high profile. As of November 2022, total domestic production of lithium carbonate stood at 31.0 million tons, an increase of 45.7 per cent compared to the same period last year.
The aggregate battery demand is expected to reach 1,800 gwh, which will generate 1.2 million tonnes of lithium carbonate production.
Mid-test phase; new 40,000 tonnes/year basic lithium salt integration project is expected to be operational in 2024, with a risk of future 100,000: risk of poor downstream demand compared with expected risks, supply and demand estimates. 1. Potassium fertilizer, lithium carbonate high-sight, world-class salt lake industry base ready for release
In August 1997, the Salt Lake Stock Company was legally registered with the Market Supervision Authority of Qinghai Province, with a registered capital of 27,869.06 million yuan, the statutory representative being the President of the Company, the Red Guard, the main business being the development, production and marketing of potassium chloride, the integrated exploitation of the salt lake resources, etc.
It was founded in 1958 as the “Kinghai Potassium Fertiliser” and changed in 1997 to the “Singhai Salt Lake Potsic Fertiliser” and placed on the market in late 1997 at the end of the year, with a stock code of 000792 and the “Saline Lake Potassium Fertilizer” as a short-term stock. In 2011, the company completed a merger of the Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Group Ltd., which was merged and renamed the “Samon Lake Salt Industries Company” Ltd.
The company is a major listed state-owned company run by the State Property Control Board in Qinghai Province and is mainly involved in the manufacture of chemical raw materials and products. It adheres to the idea of developing a “potassium-based, integrated use, recycling economy” from a single potassium fertilizer to a fertilizer industry, inorganic to organic, chemical to fine-chemical, petrochemical, gas-chemical, coal-chemical, etc., with the company's products moving from monochlorinated potassium to potassium hydroxide,
Potassium carbonate, potassium nitrate, sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate, magnesium metal, magnesium oxide, magnesium hydroxide, lithium carbonate, pvc, methanol, urea, polypropene, coke, cement, knitting bags, etc., covering industrial, agricultural, aerospace, building materials, medicine, etc. Potassium chloride, lithium carbonate have grown steadily in recent years. Lithium chloride and lithium carbonate are the main growth points in corporate performance, with lithium carbonate operations in 2021.
In terms of revenue, the combined revenue of the potassium chloride operation has increased by 6.9 per cent over the past five years, and the lithium carbonate business has grown by 12.5 per cent ton over the previous five years, with a sales rate of 112 per cent. The cumulative production of lithium carbonate, 15253 tons, and the sale of lithium carbonate, 15004 tons, with a sales rate of 98 per cent. The Qinghai State Property Supervisory Board is the real controller of the company. As of the third quarterly report, Qinghai State Property Investment Management Ltd.
The company was the first major shareholder in the Qinghai Salt Lake Industries Ltd., holding 12.51 per cent of the company's share capital. 1.2 Potassium chloride and lithium carbonate were sold and their profitability increased significantly.
On 20 January 2020, the company entered the implementation phase of the Reorganization Plan, and on 20 April 2020, the court ruled that the Reorganization Plan had been completed, and that the company, through reorganization, had retained the core potassium and lithium industry, and that the enterprise had been light-loaded and had achieved steady growth.
In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved business income of $23,542 million, an increase of 118,01 per cent over the same period; the net return to mothers of $12,082 million, an increase of tons over the same period. The company collected more than 70 per cent of the amount; in the last two years, the firm has remained close to 1 and at the end of the third quarter, the net is 107 per cent. As the debt restructuring ended with the loss of the salt lake magnesium industry and the Heine chemicals industry, the company ' s management capacity improved, the company ' s three rates dropped year after year, and the company ' s performance became more active.
Net gold flows have been growing at a steady rate, reaching 40 per cent compound growth over the past five years. 2. The market for potassium fertilizer has been warming up, supply and demand gaps remain high, with an overall increase in the production of potassium 2.1 and a high level of imports.
Potassium is an important element of crop growth. Potassium fertilizer is an important agricultural fertilizer, the main varieties of which are potassium chloride, potassium sulphate, potassium nitrate and potassium sulphate magnesium, of which potassium chloride, because of its high nutrient levels, abundance of resources and low prices, plays a leading role in agricultural production and accounts for 95% of the amount of potassium fertilization applied. Potassium fertiliser can be divided into powder powder form, which can be processed for complex fertilizer application, and particulate form, which is used.
In China, nearly 75% of potassium fertilizer is used as a raw material for compound fertilizer, with less direct application. Fertilizers are food, with 40-60% of the increase in crop production coming from fertilizer contributions, and potassium is a necessary element in crop growth that promotes cooperative crop use, sugar metabolism, helium absorption, and protein synthesis.
With the full modernization of rural agriculture, the country has increased its capacity to produce potassium and produce it. Over the last 10 years, the consumption of potassium has remained essentially stable at 12-16 million tons. With the exploitation of potassium resources and productive capacity, the country ' s capacity to produce potassium has increased significantly, and it is 50% of the country ' s population.
At present, we are ranked fourth in the world in terms of potassium fertility, with production techniques and single-set devices at or close to internationally advanced levels. According to the China Inorganic Salt Industry Association, the production capacity of our resource-type potassium fertilizer is up to 6.96 million tons in 2019, with production reaching 5.9 million tons.
From 2020 to 2021, the country ' s resource-type potassium fertilizer product was adjusted to slightly reduce its capacity. In January-August 2022, the production of potassium fertilizer was 4.038,000 tons, an increase of 2.93 per cent over the same period. As of November, the production of potassium chloride was 5681 million tons, an increase of 29.94 per cent over the same period, and in January-November it was 5,994.1 million tons, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of 2022, the Belarusian Potassium Fertilizer Company continued to be subjected to international economic sanctions, as well as the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, in which the country imported potassium fertilizer in the first half of the year. From customs data, our imports of potassium chloride in August 2022 amounted to 76,610,000 tons, an increase of 11.87 per cent in the ring, an increase of 10.4.6 per cent in the same year and an increase of $608.46 per ton in average imports. In January-August 2022, imports totalled 551,170,000 tons, an increase of 1.26 per cent in the same year.
Imports of potassium chloride in China remained fairly high during the low demand season. Imports of potassium chloride in China in August came mainly from Canada, China and Russia, amounting to 30,850 tons, 18.6 million tons, and 144.5 million tons, respectively. As of November, imports of potassium chloride were 6.91 million tons, compared with 6.87 per cent in the same year, and import rings increased by 24.22 per cent.
730.76 million tons mouth, with an increase of 0.44 per cent in imports over the same period. 2.2 Downstream demand is good, and the apparent consumption of potassium chloride continues to grow.
Potassium chlorate, potassium phosphate, potassium perturbate, etc.; used in the petroleum industry, the rubber industry, and the electroplating industry; urea, salt, etc. for medical purposes: magnesium metallic magnesium with electrolytic fluids often used for the electrolytic extraction of magnesium with electrolyte. Food security has received unprecedented attention as a result of the conflict in the Russian Federation and the epidemic, and potassium fertilizer is used as a source of basic fertilizers for the steady increase in food production.
In recent years, domestic supply production has declined, and potassium fertilizer has remained relatively tight. The apparent consumption of potassium chloride has increased steadily this year, with China’s average annual consumption of potassium chloride in the previous five years, estimated at 15 million tons, according to the Central Fertilizer data.
With the exception of traditional potassium chloride and potassium sulfate, other highly efficient potassium fertilizer varieties such as potassium nitrate and potassium phosphate have been developed in priority and have become more optimized. At the same time, potassium salt products such as potassium nitrate of the molten salt level, potassium all-water soluble, potassium chloride of the food level and potassium chloride of the high purity level have been developed and upgraded.
One of the reasons for the increasing infertility of our agricultural soil is the lack of trace elements in the soil, which cannot be easily controlled if the magnesium, sulphur and chlorine elements are directly replenished. And potassium sulfate fertilisers, potassium chloride and potassium chloride and lower potassium.
At present, 99 per cent of our potassium fertilizer production is based on soluble potassium resources, 98 per cent of which are located in the Qinghai Sea and Xinjiang. Since 2017, the concentration of our resource-based potassium fertilizer production has increased further. Given the shortage of soluble potassium resources, our potassium fertilizer production is likely to be faced.
The problem of insufficient resources for sustainable development. Green agriculture, the spread of plant-based formulations and soil health, our consumption of potassium fertilizer will go back to normal, and the consumption of potassium chloride will continue to increase.
Figure 17: Trends in the price of potassium chloride (in yuan/tons)
A total of 4.06 million tons, about 10 per cent less than the same period in the previous year, with 790,000 tons of small border trade imports, about 24 per cent less than the same period in the previous year; the top three import countries, Russia, Belarus and Canada, with 1.13 million tons, 1.04 million tons and 930,000 tons, respectively. On the demand side, food prices have generally risen as a result of the Russian-Turkish shock, with the forecast in the case of faa that the global demand for fertilizers in 2022 is expected to increase at a rate of 2.9 per cent.
In the third quarter, the market for potassium chloride has gradually moved into a low demand season, leading to a sharp drop in the price of potassium chloride. In the fourth quarter, the market for potassium chlorination has increased and declined, and demand for potassium fertilizer in October has been weak.
2.4 Green agriculture has grown in quality, with a growing gap in the supply of and demand for potassium fertilizer, thanks to the country's long-standing subsistence grains, its food security strategy of absolute food security with an absolute safety of rations, and the fact that green agriculture has flourished in recent years
According to Frost Sullivan, China sold 2,048 million tons of potassium in 2021, and China is expected to sell 2,071 million tons in 2022. Because of China’s limited potassium resources, a large part of the annual demand for potassium chloride is continuously released through overseas 3.
3.1 Downstream demand surges, the supply of lithium carbonate is tight. Lithium carbonate is the most important inorganic compound in the lithium chain, with a chemical form of li2co3, which is a non-coloured single-slash crystalline crystalline crystalline or white powder. Lithium carbonate not only can be used directly, but can also be used to produce a variety of high-value-added lithium salts and their compounds, mainly in lithium batteries, ceramics, glass, etc.
Lithium carbonate is classified into two types, depending on quality, as technical lithium carbonate (98-99% of lithium carbonate) and battery-grade lithium carbonate (99.5% of lithium carbonate). The battery-grade lithium carbonate is used mainly in new energy lithium batteries and the industrial-grade lithium carbonate is used mainly in traditional ceramics, glass, etc. Lithium coarse carbonate, salt lake halogen, lithium quartz, lithium cloud mother, used lithium batteries, etc.
It has the advantages of simple, controlled processes and stable product quality. The lithium sulphate-based process is based mainly on the principle of transistor transformation, first boiling of lithium-containing ore at 1000 °C at high temperature, transforming it into a beta type, finely shredding, and then evenly mixing it with excess sulfuric acid into a sulphate kiln. After cooling, the lithium sulphate sulphate sulphate is slurized and then transports it to leaching cans. In leaching tanks, lithium sulphate and sulphate impurities enter.
Injection into the solution system. Add sanitizers and intermediates, resulting in impurity deposition, sequestering of solid fluids into leachate and lithium-rich solutions. Lithium-rich solutions are further disassembly and then receive lithium solution with high pure sulphuric acid, which reacts with sodium carbonate solutions to produce lithium carbonate crystals in the sediment. With regard to lithium halogenated in salt lakes, the storage of lithium resources in salt lakes is estimated to be between 70 and 80 per cent of the total lithium resources, drawing lithium from salt lakes (sorting) halogenated water in salt lakes.
With the advantages of simple maturity of the process, energy consumption and low cost, the extraction of lithium has been widely applied and has become the main method of producing lithium salt and the immersion method, among others.The total monthly domestic production of lithium carbonate was 31 million tons, an increase of 45.7 per cent over the same period last year.
The market demand for lithium carbonate is mainly concentrated in the battery field and in the traditional sector. Battery is mainly divided into power cells, consumer batteries, and storage cells, which account for the largest part of the power cells, with larger downstream demand spaces. By the end of November, our power cell production totalled 28.2gwh, an increase of 121.8% over the same period, and the ring to 12.4% over the same period. According to ggii data, aggregate global battery demand is expected to reach a level by 2025.
By 1800gwh, 1.2 million tonnes of lithium carbonate production capacity would have been generated. According to import and export data, by November 2022 domestic imports of lithium carbonate amounted to 105.2 million tonnes, with a marked increase in imports, especially in June, with 28.4 million tonnes of imports and 0.95 million tonnes of domestic exports of lithium carbonate.
Lithium salt prices, high domestic demand for lithium carbonate, but relatively poor levels of lithium concentrate in the country, difficult mining and heavy dependence on imports.According to Sino-Gin International Advisory data, the demand for lithium products for lithium batteries in 2021 was 41.73 million tons carbonate equivalent, an increase of 90.46 per cent compared to the increase of 90.46 per cent; global demand for lithium products for lithium batteries is expected to reach 132.21 million tons by 2025.
The overall upward trend in the price of lithium carbonate in the country in 2202 The overall upward trend in the price of lithium carbonate in the round in 2022, with the fall in market demand affecting the price of lithium carbonate by the end of the year. The rise in the lithium carbonate market continued during the first and second seasons, the overall demand level leveled in April, the price fell somewhat, the market warmed back in the second quarter and prices were high.
As of 30 June, the average price of battery-grade lithium carbonate in the country was 483,000 yuan per tonne, an increase of 442.80 per cent over the same period, in April, the average price of battery-grade lithium carbonate was 493,000 yuan per tonne over the same period, an increase of 452.02 per cent over the same period, in May, the average price of battery-grade lithium carbonate was 476,000 yuan per tonne, an increase of 431.60 per cent over the same period, and in June, the average price of battery-grade lithium carbonate was 481,000 yuan per tonne over the same period, an increase of 444.82 per cent over the same period.
Ten thousand yuan per ton, an increase of 32,252 per cent in the same year, 483,000 yuan per ton in July for battery-grade lithium carbonate, an increase of 447.95 per cent in the same month, 486,000 yuan per ton in August for battery-grade lithium acid, an increase of 369.72 per cent in the same year, and 508,000 yuan per ton in September for battery-grade lithium carbonate, an increase of 221.59 per cent in the same year. 40,000 yuan, the lowest price, at the beginning of October, was 52.26 million yuan per ton in the same month. As of 28 December, the price for domestic lithium carbonate was 99.5 per cent.
The market main offer ranged between 57.6 and 584,000 yuan, with the battery-grade lithium carbonate (99.5 per cent) trading order market price of 52.0 to 53 million yuan per tonne, rising at an average price of 561,000 yuan per ton, up from 84.69 per cent at the beginning of the year. Overall, market demand fluctuated considerably in the fourth quarter, and transport controls remained tight owing to the impact of the epidemic in the Qinghai region, resulting in slower delivery of lithium carbonate and a drop in the price of lithium carbonate due to shocks to the supply.
On 14 December, the final auction price for the year for pls was $7552/t (sc5.5, off the coast of Port Hedland), adjusted to the ratio of lithium oxide, plus freight costs of $8299/t (sc6.0, China c. c.f.) and cost of lithium carbonate 25,000/t for the processing of lithium carbonate at a cost of $550.01 million/t (including value added tax).
The sharp rise in lithium carbonate prices in the second half of 2022 resulted in greater profit margins for domestic lithium carbonate producers, continued increases in the price of raw materials end lithium concentrates, increased cost-side pressures, strong demand for new end-use energy, a substantial increase in the price of the transaction, higher cost prices without affecting the overall market, 3.3 new energy vehicles with two watts of production, and continued or sustained demand for phosphate lithium.
New-energy cars are running out of fuel and power demand is still improving. New-energy cars are accelerating their replacement fuel cars, and they continue to grow rapidly. According to the Chinese Air Association, in January-November 2022, 6.253 million vehicles and 6.0670 million vehicles, respectively, were sold in new-energy vehicles, a factor of one times higher than in average, and the market was 25%.
In January-November, our cumulative power cell output rose by 160.1 per cent over the same period, with a cumulative output of 19.0 per cent over the same period, or 38.8 per cent over the same period, and a cumulative increase of 130.6 per cent over the same period. The cumulative production of lithium phosphate batteries increased by 298.5 per cent over the same period, or 61.0 per cent over the same period, with a cumulative increase of 183.4 per cent over the same period, with a cumulative increase of 258.5 per cent over the same period.
The cumulative load of three-dollar batteries was 99.0gwh, or 38.3% of the total load, an increase of 56.5% over the same year; the cumulative load of lithium phosphate batteries was 159.1gwh, or 61.5% of the total load, an increase of 145.5% over the same year. The demand for the storage capacity market also increased faster, with the demand for lithium phosphate being driven by the end demand increasing.
The supply of lithium phosphate showed a rapid increase in 2022. The production of lithium phosphate was 895702 tons in January-November, 122,850 tons in November and 145.15 per cent in November, while the production of lithium phosphate was reduced by 0.2 per cent, while the demand for new downstream energy vehicles remained high and the end market was improving, and it was expected that the demand for lithium phosphate would continue to increase as additional capacity was added.
In the medium-to-long term, according to the data, the supply of phosphate lithium has continued to increase significantly over the next five years, with the production of phosphate lithium increasing at 41.36% compound and 41.75% compound production increasing at 41.75% in 2027, which is expected to be supported by a domestic price of phosphate lithium or an increase in demand for phosphate lithium.
According to the Lithium Industry Branch of the China Non-ferrous Metals Association and related research institutions, global lithium supply from 2015 to 2020 was 159,000 tons, 1957 tons, 297,000 tons, and 350,000 tons, respectively. With the continued introduction of domestic energy policy, the penetration rate of the new energy vehicle market has increased rapidly, with carbonic acid projected.
The market supply of lithium will continue to grow, with the prospect of going over 350,000 tons in 2023, and we have calculated that the lithium carbonate industry for 2022-2023 will build a high-quality development advantage, that the company will grow up in the future, with a clear edge in resources and size.
The company is the largest producer of potassium chloride in the country, with clear resource and size advantages, and its equipment is still at the forefront of the country, with its own knowledge, property rights have contributed to the efficiency of mitigation, distribution channels have been wide and the company has autonomous pricing power in the country, as it is the leader of potassium fertilizer. The department owns 5 million tonnes/year of potassium chloride, accounting for more than 50% of the national production of potassium chloride, accounting for about 46.72% of the national production of potassium.
In recent years, the company has been able to produce more than 90% of its capacity, with a high sales rate of more than 75%. Salt Lake shares have a unique strategic resource advantage. The total area of Salt Lake Charkhan is 5856 square kilometres, the largest soluble potassium magnesium salt in China.
Mineral deposits are also one of the largest salt lakes in the world. Large quantities of inorganic mineral resources, such as potassium chloride, magnesium chloride, lithium chloride, and sodium chloride, of which 540 million tons of potassium are stored, representing 97% of the country’s detected reserves. Salt Lake shares currently have 40 million tonnes/year of halocarbon mining capacity, and the main raw materials for the production of potassium chloride are still entirely self-sufficient.
The company ' s main production equipment for potassium chloride is designed and manufactured by eimco, Hansen, Lenin, ab and Tianma, Andrich, Germany, under automated control and under the unified command of the master control room. The company ' s potassium fertilizer production is related mainly to sifting, enrichment, floating, etc.
Crystalization, sequestering, etc., with anti-float selection - cold crystallized potassium production techniques, solubility of soaked liquid potassium mines, heat solubility - vacuum crystallization of potassium chloride techniques, cold crystallization - active floating potassium chloride production techniques, cold decomposition - active floating potassium chloride production techniques, five technical processes, are currently the only enterprises in the world with all the techniques available for processing potassium chloride, using different processes to produce different grades, depending on the raw materials.
The country’s leading potassium fertilizer producers are Salt Lake shares, Tibetan mining, and Yakim International. Salt Lake shares have mining rights in approximately 3700 square metres of Salt Lake Charkhan, with significant advantages for the stocks of potassium chloride.
Two high-quality potassium salt mining rights in square kilometres, with a combined total of about 4,937 million tons of potassium salt ore reserves and about 829 million tons of pure potassium chloride resource reserves, are the largest enterprises with potassium salt resources in Asia, accounting for about one third of Asia’s total reserves. The company’s high profitability and Māori ratio are largely based on the cost advantage of resources and size; the company’s total potassium fertilizer is Māori in the form of a single ton of Māori.
At the technical level, potassium is produced in high-quality crystallized potassium chloride, mainly through the solid potassium salt mine, the integrated mechanized mining process, and the acquisition of potassium mixed salt from underground mining, through advanced, environmentally friendly floating processing techniques adapted to the climate characteristics of the South-East Asian region.
The autonomous development of solid flow technologies in the Tibetan mining sector, for the large quantities of low-grade solid potassium in the mining areas, is refilled to the original collection sites through old halogenated fresh water, which is both soluble and recycled from potassium fertilization to produce drained halogen, so that the solid potassium mines, regardless of grade, can dissolve into liquid potassium and essentially provide the raw materials needed for the production of potassium chloride.
The rapid development of lithium carbonate operations, with the construction of a new 40,000-ton/year basic lithium salt integration project, our lithium resource reserves are among the highest in the world, but are mostly stored in saline lake halogenated water, which is characterized by an ultra-high ratio of lithium magnesium, and the extraction of lithium has begun, with the use of ion-exchange adsorption for lithium, but the failure of lithium carbonate equipment to produce due to technology and process routes since 2018.
With the completion of the lithium carbonate-filling project, the company has increased its production of lithium carbonate significantly. From the raw material point of view, our country has 12 million tons of lithium chloride in the Salt Lake of Charkhan, which is converted into approximately 7 to 8 million tons of lithium carbonate, and has a larger reserve. The Blue Lithium industry uses the halogen extracted from the production of potassium chloride in the Salt Lake stock for lithium extraction, which currently produces about 200 million cubic metres of old halogen per year from potassium chloride, providing stability and recharge for the Blue Dithium industry.
In addition, as companies use adsorption methods for lithium ion extraction of old halo, ores have high energy consumption, costs, pollution problems, and, in many salt lakes, the adsorption method of a combination of sorption techniques and membrane separation technologies has a unique industrial advantage, resulting in higher efficiency and lower cost of lithium extraction as compared to ore lithium.
As the company’s lithium salt business continues to grow, it opens up room for growth. The company’s company, the Blue Lithium industry, has 10,000 tons/year of industrial-grade lithium carbonate, based on the production of potassium fertilizer, the introduction of advanced Russian lithium technology, and the company’s own advantages in branding, marketing networks, products, and supply chains.
In May 2022, the company invested $7.08 billion in the new 40,000 tonnes/year basic lithium salt integration project, of which 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate and 20,000 tons of chlorinated lithium had been built.
The company has the following advantages in the lithium industry: (1) the introduction in 2010 of Russian adsorbent lithium-halogenated techniques that have broken through the key techniques for extracting lithium salt from almagnetic low lithium-like halogen water. (2) Resource advantage: salt lake shares emitted about 200 million cubic metres per year, with lithium ion concentrations.
200-250 milligrams, or 200,000-300,000 tons per year of old halochlorinated lithium emitted each year, provide resources to secure the lithium industry. 3) Cost advantage: The Department has a comparative advantage in the production costs of lithium carbonate due to the availability of lithium resources and well-developed infrastructure in the Zalkhan Salt Lake, and is suitable for the large scale layout of lithium production.
4.3 The tiles of potassium potassium sodium, the company's accelerated construction of the world-class Salt Lake Industry Base, the company's location in the Qinghai Sea, and its accelerated construction of the world-class Salt Lake Industry Base are important development blueprints for the painting of the Qinghai Sea, and are the main development axis tailored to the “Sattered World” of the Zayed wood. According to the Qinghai People's Government of Qinghai, “On the Issuance of Quality Developments in the Industrial Economy in Qinghai Province”
Work programme circular (2022-2025), which implements priority industry-led projects. Focused clusters of industries are concentrated on integrated use of salt lake resources, new energy sources, new materials, coloured metallurgy, and big data. Integrated use of salt lake resources, efficient use of potassium salt, lithium salt, expansion of magnesium salt, innovative breakthroughs, accelerated construction of world-class salt lake industry bases, and promotion of high-end industrial development. Large new energy industries.
Development of new energy manufacturing industries such as photovoltaics, wind power, lithium power, hydrogen energy, support for the construction of clean energy industries highlands, and promotion of figure 35: Corporate push strategy implementation 3 - Development of sodium
Seven major pre-implementation systems projects to resolve the current 1+20,000 tonnes/year lithium carbonate device, set up a sodium resource development program.
Original halogen supply and production of potassium halogen chloride content, with an investment of 7.08 billion dollars to clarify the concept of sodium resource development and utilization
Construction of 40,000 tonnes/year base lithium salt, stock engineering and incremental engineering routes, intensification of technological and municipal efforts
In the first half of the year, under the combined effect, it will further consolidate the research of the halo-hydrated lithium field and plan ahead of time.
Industry leads, accelerating to new energy, expanding the chain of sodium salt lake resources, 10,000 cubic metres, with potassium chloride content.
A new profit growth point for the company is being developed by the company, which promotes a strategy of stabilization of potassium, implementation of the seven major projects of the former system to address the supply of primary halocarbons and the level of potassium halogen chloride, in which the company is working on a strategy to stabilize potassium.
As a result of the combined effect of the stock engineering and incremental engineering work, the first half of the year saw an increase of 50 million cubic metres in the original halogen collection over the same period last year, with potassium chloride increasing from 1.2 per cent to 1.4 per cent.
Development workshops to further clarify the use of sodium resources, to intensify scientific and technological efforts and market research, to plan ahead, to extend the chain of sodium salt lake resources industry, and to foster new profit growth points for companies.
Profit projections are based mainly on the following assumptions: we compare the selection of listed companies that are close to the main camps, such as the Tibetan mining industry, the Yakuza International, the Tinchi Lithium industry and the Lithium industry, with a comparable average of 48.61 times that of the public sector in 2021 and a lower share of the salt lake than the average valuation of the comparable company.
The construction of projects has been affected and the production of lithium carbonate has fallen short of expectations.
The external dependence of our potassium fertilizer remains high, and domestic potassium fertilizer prices are vulnerable to fluctuations in the price of potassium fertilizer on the international market; there is a risk of significant fluctuations in lithium carbonate prices as a result, inter alia, of changes in market supply and demand. Downstream demand is less than expected.
If the growth rate of new energy vehicles in the future slows down, downstream demand returns, demand for future potassium fertilizer markets weakens, corporate performance may be adversely affected, owing to market uncertainties, and there may be errors in the measurement of the balance of supply and demand.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.