The Center for Resource and Environmental Research published a 20-year quarterly report of $7,876 million, an increase of 1.77 per cent over the same period; net profit returns and sales growth led to a positive increase in the rate of revenue: 2,984 million won in the company ' s q3 quarter, an increase of the same amount.
11.51 per cent, with ring growth of 21.83 per cent; q3 single-quarter net profit of 517 million yuan, a year-on-year increase in sales of low-end products, and sales structure changes leading to a decline in average sales prices. q3 stock 20 years.
The fall in the Māori rate is also related to the sale price of the product and the restructuring of the product. Two price increases in the third quarter have contributed positively to profits: the first half of the year was affected by the epidemic, and the offshore demand for the fibre optics was borne.
The domestic market has benefited from wind and electricity and recovery of demand in areas such as infrastructure and automobiles, and domestic demand has become more resilient. Since August, companies have twice increased prices for fibre-optic products by 7 per cent and implementation has begun in September and October, and the impact on profits will be felt mainly in four quarters.
Production capacity continues to expand and is expected to rise at full cost: in June of 20 years, the company began manufacturing the strategist system, creating the second line (150,000 tons), July, July, July, July, and September, September, September, the stint of the stint, which began construction in September, made the third line (150,000).
In mid-21, production capacity is expected to continue to increase, and it is expected to rise at a full price. The Stones are not different, and this round of price increases are initiated by the Stones, reflecting a positive change in the supply and demand situation in the industry.
As companies are the least costly firms in the industry, excessive cost pressures have increased the willingness of other firms in the industry to raise prices, so we judge the bottom of the industry to confirm that the current round of price increases are sustainable.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment