In the case of China's Great Stones: The Probity Industry has come to a turning point in September, with the example of 2400 textex entangled in the direct veil.
China’s Great Stone is the world’s leading industry, with an average price increase of about 36% since 1st December. On 8th December 2020, Tarzan and Chongqing accounted for 22% of the world’s total market share and 22% of the country’s GDP.
Wind-loading machines do not fall sharply. On the demand side, the wind-power demand that drove industry stocks down rapidly after the outbreak in 2020 will be stable in the medium to long term, with strong national support for new energy sources, and will be short in the medium to long term.
Debt relief and cross-stocking: In 2021, with the recovery of offshore wind power plants after the outbreak and the accelerated expansion of offshore wind power, wind power is expected to be relatively smooth throughout the year, with no significant landslides.
The electronic veil has contributed to great elasticity. q3 once fell through the cost line, q4 turned out, downstream pcb demand up and industry as a whole rose by about 27% to date, and we expect the electronic veil price to be maintained as the 5g switch continues and the base building needs continue.
The e-shave is about 10% of the price of the masonry, and the price increases will contribute to the firm’s elastic performance and boost the industry’s climate, which is still in the upper zone, and the price boom is still sustainable. The fibres are typical pro-cyclical varieties.
According to International Monetary Fund (IMF) projections, the world economy will be affected by the epidemic by a negative 3.0% on a year-on-year basis in 2020, but with vaccine research and development on the ground, the epidemic is gradually under control, with a strong recovery of 4.5% on a year-on-year basis in 2021, and global economic recovery will boost demand for fibre optics. On the supply side, on the other hand,
The projected additional capacity for 2020 and 2021 is expected to be 360,000 tons and 410,000 tons, respectively, a significant slowdown compared to 2018, and, on the other hand, there are no strategic capital spending plans for domestic bovine taps such as Stones, Thai Bob and Chongqing International, and the industry will enter a new cold-renovation peak cycle in 2021.
Combining the above-mentioned analysis of supply and demand, we believe that the fibre-optic industry is still in the midst of a new upward cycle, while recalling the two previous cycles of 2014-2017, 2017-2020, in which the price of the 2400tex unalkali entangled direct veil was used as an indicator of observation, with product prices in the upper cycle of about six months to one year.
In 2021, in a context of controlled supply and demand growth, we thought that there was still room for subsequent price increases.
China’s Great Stone (600176): With a business landscape, with a more sophisticated and new growth, the Great Stone buys not only a landscape, but also a new one. As the global firm’s absolute champion of bovine, the company has a significant cost advantage, and the industry’s leading role is not only in the biweekly period, but also in the expansion of the production of fibre-optic products in alternative competition, with the company opening its fourth entrepreneurship in 2018, high-end products, internationalization, and production intelligence.
Capability will lead the company into a new cycle of growth: smartness is the consolidation of the cost-protecting river and the capture of high-end products, the most price-effective high-end product that will enable the public to pull back into global competition, and the giant stone is the pace of cycles and growth. China’s Stone Depth Report of 29 July 2020, China’s Stones (600176.sh): the first to be given to companies across the market in the beginning of a new cycle of growth.
Intelligent manufacturing and the advantages of technology help companies to maintain a sustained lead in global competition, and high-end products, internationalization and intelligent manufacturing will open up a new cycle of corporate growth, a source of financial prosperity in the East, a source of financial prosperity in the East.
China Stone (600176).
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176), has a business landscape and a better quality and new growth.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.