China Stone (600176). Cost moating the river.
China’s Great Stone is the world’s leading industry, producing billions of dollars, 1.28 billion dollars, an increase of 1.7 per cent and a decrease of 17.38 per cent in the same year. It achieves a return of 0.37 yuan per share.
In the first three quarters, the epidemic disrupted the recovery rate at the bottom of the fibre-optic industry, and the industry is back to the bottom, based on the company’s top priorities for the next three to six months:
Our own cost curve, a competitive strategy to increase domestic sales by volume, 2020 q3 sales, a record high, with a further increase in the city's share of 2020h1, and we've judged that sales within the company are still increasing faster than sales in q3 and that the share of domestic sales rose to about 70 per cent by the end of the third quarter of 2020.
Bits. The new high sales of boosters q3 are considered to be more important than the traditional industrial boom of three quarters. The competitive advantage is the more important factor. The company ' s average price of 2020 q3 is still down by about seven points, and the low-price march strategy is helping to capture more market shares and force small businesses to exit from the market at significant losses.
Sq3 sales grew more rapidly than prices fell, and it was a single-season positive increase in revenue and net profit returns, a single-season performance, an important boost identified at the turning point, an epidemic that led to lower yields in the industry than in the past, a loss-out small business and a backward production capacity that subsequently made it very difficult to recover a further expansion, and a company’s market position was likely to be maintained.
The monthly price increases for new domestic orders have been cumulatively two times, ranging from about 17% to the highest in the past week’s cycle, confirming the boom in the bobble industry. Since the 7% increase affected the delivery of new orders in September, it was judged to have less impact on q3’s performance, with industry prices rising again by 10% on 1 October.
The weather cycle is still going up, and the piping is a dance of cycle and growth. On the demand side, based on the support of the country for the new energy industry, represented by wind power, and on the coordination of the industrial chain, we believe that the demand for wind power will not fall significantly in 2021 and that the supply side will look at the 2021 plan.
With a new capacity of only 400,000 tons, which is relatively manageable, adding up to the likely rebound of overseas market demand next year, we believe that the industry is still on the uphill track. Corporate smart manufacturing strategy continued during the reporting period, with two smart lines lit in July and September, respectively, to boost the growth and production of q3 sales.
The cost has fallen, with the company now building an early 3150,000-ton yarn base, which will further reduce production costs after delivery in 2021, while the company's strategy of high-end and internationalization continues to progress steadily, and the bobble tap will lead to cycles and growth.
s14851908002 Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery Figure 1: Changes in Māori Rates of Marketing of China's Great Stones
Figure 2: Changes in China ' s Great Stones, Figure 3: Changes in the turnover of China ' s Big Stone inventories, Figure 4: Changes in net cash from China ' s Great Stone Operations
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): Cost-protecting river has the advantage of dancing in cycles and growth.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, Mr. Rhodes, cfa, has three years of experience in the chemical industry.
In 2017, crystal ball was ranked second in the list, first in the list, top in the list, top in the list, top in the list in 2018, second in the analysis of the new Xinjin in 2019, and second in the top three As in the Eastern Fortune Chemical Industry.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): Cost-protecting river has the advantage of dancing in cycles and growth.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.