A positive growth in performance and a significant recovery in the industry landscape Events: 3-quarter reports by companies in 2020, yielding $7,876 million in revenue during the reporting period, with investment ratings: buy-in (maintained)
q3 achieves a positive change in performance by the quarter of 2020q3 with net return profits of 2,984 million yuan and 517 million yuan, respectively, with a 21.85 per cent/+14.13 per cent increase in ring comparison, which is more visible, mainly benefiting from three quarters.
The wind veil is dominated by high downstream demand. Since 2020, the company ' s financial statements have been subject to new income guidelines, the original part of the sales costs have been re-classified to the camp, and the q2 ring ratio has declined slightly compared to the 2020q3 Māori ratio, mainly because of the sales of low end products.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the Division achieved investment returns of 127 million yuan, an increase of 85 million yuan on a year-on-year basis.
Prices rose by 7%; on September 21, the company issued a further letter to raise the price of the comb and 10% of the sale price of the product. The second price increase was larger, broader, and the two price increases were good.
We believe that the demand side of the q3 to q4 fibres 2020 is being catalyzed by multiple factors, including, inter alia, the gradual recovery of external needs, the reheating of downstream needs such as automobiles/electronics, downstream demand for wind power/capital construction, and the introduction of more production lines into cold repair, and supply and demand patterns will be further optimized.
In the current context of tight supply and demand in the industry, the company Kyoji was able to build a 150,000-ton production line early on September 29 and is expected to complete production by 2021.
The annual boom in the fibre-optic industry will be sustained, and sustained investment in corporate capacity will help to further expand the market share in a recovery in demand. Firm cost-consistency barriers are in place for companies, which have increased the market share in this round’s cold winter recession.
The short- and high-volume trade has reached a point where firm performance elasticity will be fully released; sustained improvements at the supply end of the industry and a wide upward trend in demand, with companies volatile by virtue of their own overseas demand; new production capacity not being invested as much as expected; and lower efficiency gains not being achieved as expected in the medium to long term.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of these messages or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not had, do not have had, do not have had, and will not have received any form of direct or indirect recommendations or views in the present report.