Material material : China's Great Stone: q3 performance has changed strongly and price increases have contributed to future performance elasticity
q3 performed well and the industry rebounded: the company's previous three quarters sold about 1.45 million tons of fibre and produce, an increase of about 15 per cent compared to the previous quarter; the q3 sold about 540,000 tons, an increase of about 20 per cent compared to the previous quarter, a one-quarter rise. Sales were made against the background of a full-blown outbreak overseas.
On the one hand, domestic demand was strong as a result of the rapid recovery of the domestic economy (70 per cent of sales in the previous three quarters); on the other hand, the effectiveness of the company's strategy to raise the market share was evident, and overall production and sales increased.
Total equity/flow (million shares) High profile, while continuous new product development and inputs by companies in the field of wind and power lead to total market value/flow (millions)
The electricity sector is highly competitive, with a year-round increase in city occupancy expected; in mid-August, demand for ordinary products was released further, the stock of companies and industries was rapidly declining, and companies increased their sales by about 21 per cent on average in the first three quarters of 9 and 10 items of electronic fabric, at the same price as in September.
The gap period has passed, starting with a new round of growth: the price of electronic fabric has risen by 0.2 yuan per metre, and prices have gradually recovered; we believe that, with the advent of 5g and the weakening of the marginal effects of the overseas epidemic, demand for electronic fabric is expected to rise.
China Stone (600176) " China Stone: Short accounts receivable calculated by companies during the reporting period were about $23.7 million impaired, while investments from joint ventures were under pressure from the impact of the epidemic and did not become permanent.
The return is about $127 million. q3 Māori is a low stage, and the level of profitability will increase steadily: the company q3 Māori is a low-to-bank impact and the average price has fallen as a result, but prices have stopped in September and have been partially productive.
An upward adjustment to prices can be said to be a low of three quarters in recent years; from the net interest rate angle, the level of management and the ability to control costs remain prominent, with corporate size, product restructuring and fine management keeping the profit levels high in the industrial landscape.
It was argued that, with the succession of corporate smart manufacturing lines and a new cycle of technology change, the company’s production efficiency will continue to improve in the future, with production costs continuing to decline and competitiveness rising. Product stocks falling rapidly, with sales costs falling by about 78% compared to the year: the company’s commodity bank at the end of the reporting period.
We're judging that the current domestic product stock cycle of companies is not being recategorized to operating costs, which results in a decline of about 78 per cent in sales costs and financial costs.
The industrial landscape has risen and price increases have contributed to future performance elasticity: since mid-August, mainstream domestic prices in major firms have begun to rise steadily, domestic demand has boosted, foreign order margins have improved, leading business stocks have continued to decline, and some products have been under-supplyed.
Some of the manufacturers' direct veil prices have passed 5,000 yuan per ton, rising in recent years, based on current tight supply and demand patterns, and increasing space for price increases, while electronic yarn prices have gradually recovered and mainstream electronic fabric prices have recovered to 3.5 yuan per metre; we believe that because of the demand for fibre optics and macroeconomy, there is still room for price increases.
Closely related, typical pro-cyclical varieties, with the marginal impact of the epidemic diminishing, the economy will turn upwards to a long-cycle landscape, opening a new upward cycle; companies, as industry leaders, will fully benefit from the recovery of the industry.
Investment proposal: In view of the weakening of external influence and the gradual warming of the bottom of the industry, we're adjusting the Institute for the Development of the Beijing City West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.