WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB116.73
WuXi AppTec reported 1H23 revenue of RMB18,871mn, up 6.3% YoY, and
(Previous TP
RMB110.69)
attributable recurring net income of RMB4,761mn, up 23.7% YoY, with attributable
Up/Downside
55.7%
adjusted non-IFRS net income of RMB5,095mn, up 18.5% YoY. 1H23 revenue /
Current Price
RMB74.98
adjusted Non-IFRS net income accounted for 45-52% of both our full-year estimates
and consensus estimates, which also fell in its average historical range. Non-IFRS
China Healthcare
gross profit margin (GPM) improved by 3.4ppt to 41.6% while non-IFRS net profit
JIII WU, CFA
margin increased by 2.8ppt to 27.0% in 1H23, driven by favourable currency
exchange rates and continuously improved operating efficiency. Excluding
commercial COVID-19 projects, overall backlog increased by 25% YoY. Despite the
high base of 2022, Management reiterated revenue growth target of 5-7% YoY while
Benchen HUANG, CFA
slightly raised non-IFRS gross profit growth target to 13-14% YoY (from 12-14% YoY)
in 2023E, indicating management's confidence in the Company of navigating through
the tough macro environment.
Stock Data
Non-COVID projects to firmly fuel sustainable growth. Supported by strong
growth of D&M services, non-COVID revenue growth of WuXi Chemistry
segment accelerated quarter-by-quarter in 1H23 with +51.6% YoY in 2Q23 vs
+21.8% YoY in 1Q23 (both excluding commercial COVID-19 projects).
Management expected COVID revenue of ~RMB3.0bn in 2023E with
~RMB1.5bn already recognized in 1H23. We think the strong growth of non-
Shareholding Structure
COVID revenue reflected the robust demand from the Company's extensive and
balanced client base amid the temporarily challenging financing environment in
global pharmaceutical industry.
Share Performance
Benefiting from strong demand growth for new modalities services.
Revenue from TIDES (mainly oligo and peptides) in WuXi Chemistry segment
grew by 37.9% YoY in 1H23, on top of a 337% YoY growth in 2022. Backlog of
TIDES dramatically increased by 188% YoY in 1H23, while Management
Source: FactSet
expected over 70% YoY growth of TIDES revenue in 2023E. We expect
meaningful future revenue from the CMO services for a blockbuster dual-targeted
12-mth Price Performance
(RM
603259 CHSHCOMP (Rebased)
GLP-1 product. We are positive on the Company's competency in the global
peptide market to capture the increasing weight-loss market opportunity, based
on its established capacities (over 10,000 liter peptide solid-phase synthesizers
as of Feb 2023) and R&D capabilities (1,000 staff as of Feb 2023).
Margin improvement driven by favourable currency exchange rates and
operating efficiency improvement. Management indicated that the GPM
improvement of 3.4ppt in 1H23 was mainly attributed to favourable currency
Source: FactSet
exchange rate (2.4ppt) and increasing operation efficiency (1.0ppt). If no major
change in foreign exchange in 2H23E, GPM could be maintained at above 40%
for 2023E, according to Management. The Company is also optimizing employee
output by implementing big data and automation in services.
Maintain BUY. We revised our TP from RMB110.69 to RMB 116.73, based on a
10-year DCF model with WACC of 11.57% and terminal growth of 3.0%. We
forecast WuXi AppTec's revenue to grow by 6.1%/ 28.8%/ 25.8% YoY and
adjusted non-IFRS net income to grow by 12.5%/ 24.8%/ 23.2% YoY in 2023E/
24E/ 25E, respectively.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets. Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.