The core core is growing brightly, the information field is waiting for policy landings and new product volumes.
The industrial control chip achieved an operating income of 178 million yuan, an increase of 69.92 per cent over the same period; the IT chip achieved 10,000 yuan, an increase of 6.35 per cent over the same period. Performance was slightly lower than market expectations. Market data: 1 September 2022
End-users of \triangleright information chip are in the receiving and inspection phase of the project during the first half of the year, with fewer procurement requirements: highest/lowest in the year:
(2) Other revenues recognized by companies during the reporting period amount to $11 million, an increase of 102 million over the same period in the previous year, and market value of circulationa shares (millions): maintenance of R & D and market inputs, and a significant increase in sales and R & D costs during the reporting period.
In the field of industrial control, there has been significant growth, with new progress in opening up markets in the context of the consolidation of markets in traditionally dominant industries, the introduction of new products to accelerate market opening and the overall shift of industrial control operations to the loongarch architecture. 2022h1, the industrial control chip generated revenues of 178 million yuan, an increase of 69.92 per cent over the reporting period.
The company’s traditional areas of industrial control continue to grow steadily, the critical information infrastructure, represented by railing, is growing rapidly, and operations like hardware electronics have opened up markets in the field of industrial control. At the same time, the introduction of new products has also been a positive boost to market openings.
The 2k1,000la processor, which in the field of engineering control forms a matrix of low-end products for 3a5,000, 2k1,000la and 2k0500 high school leaves, marks a complete shift to the loongarch architecture.
The area of informatization is subject to short-term pressure from industrial policies and the effects of the epidemic, waiting for policy landings and high value for money product combinations. 2022h1, the information-based chip achieves business income of $8,425.5 million, a 77.75 per cent decrease. Desktop operations are subject to industrial policies, but the short-term market is down with future policies.
The company will continue to expand and expand its server product, focus on the value of the product, and focus on the value of the product.
In addition, there is a certain lag in the delivery and inspection phase in the information-chemical sector, which is affected by the epidemic, among other things. During the reporting period, the company launched a combination of 3a5,000+7a2000 and 3c5,000+7a2000 to significantly improve performance, reduce the full-time cost, increase the value of the system and the future information market.
Research and development has continued to increase in intensity, with many of the new items on the market expected to contribute to the increase in performance. Of this, 3a6,000 are currently well under way, with front-end designs and simulations completed, and the simulation results show their single-nucleic properties.
To market mainstream product levels. In research and development of high-performance desktop products, the front end design of a new generation of desktop cpu processor products was developed and completed based on the la664 processor core; 2k2000 and 2k2100 were designed and delivered; and mcu was customized for specific applications.
In the development of processors, multi-mcu chips for smart households, hardware electronics, automobile electrons are designed and delivered as drift chips. In addition, in the development of package chips, the company's self-researched power supply with core cpu, the development of clock chips, and the start of small-scale sales to significantly upgrade the product.
Actively promote loongarch eco-building, with autonomy in size. In the upstream open-source software community, the loongarch architecture has been widely recognized and supported by the international open-source software community and is becoming a top ecosystem alongside x86, arm. Optimization of the operating system platform is multi-functional and integrated.
The core applications are compatible with the " three sets " and effectively address compatible applications and the user pain point of the device. The core applications compatibility framework addresses the problem of multi-version compatibility and evolution in the linux system environment and promotes the regulation and refinement of the application ecology.
Thousands of enterprises work together to build and maintain ecology. Multi-purpose software, such as instant communication software, continues to overlap. Upgrade and add functions: mechanical mapping, vector mapping, financial terminals, etc.
\triangleright Arbitration and Litigation Risk: The Risk of Product Markets Unexplored: Eco-building Unexpected
Risks; market competition risks; risk of concentration of customers and suppliers; risk of loss of core technical staff; risk of the impact of the new coronary virus epidemic, etc.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.