Continued high growth of 2021q3 and significant growth in R & D inputs
Companies publish periodic reports that 2021q3 yields 2,473 million yuan, an increase of 35.44 per cent over the same year, and ring growth. Companies are full of orders, maintaining high capacity utilization, and continuing a high rate of same-year growth. Beneficiary industries continue to be high, with companies achieving 37.86 per cent Māori for their products and 1.59 pt over the same year. 2021q3 companies manage 2021q3
Cost management and R & D rates were raised by 2.35 and 2.83 pcs, respectively, resulting in companies selling net interest rate ring prices, leading firms with the size of the country's leading crystal-crylic capacity, a full range of products, promising deep-benefit power. The national production replacement acceleration process in the semiconductor industry maintained a “buy-in” rating for companies.
● Enhancement of the power of the igbt product and refinement of the silicon-based device layout The company develops and develops product sequenced research and development through the 8 inch igbt technology platform to enhance product performance and reliability;
• Active development of sic and gan devices is expected to benefit from the rapid development of the third generation of semiconductors, which, according to the company’s announcement, produces and sells the products of the first generation of 650v, 1200vsicjbs, which the company has developed autonomously;
The new generation of 650vsicjbs has achieved a technological breakthrough, with a combination of advanced industry levels; the company flat-format 1200vsicmofet output engineering sample, static technical parameters at foreign matching sample levels, are improving reliability. The company’s first generation of 650v silicon nitrified licascode device samples are met with static parameters.
High Growth in Corporate Information Updates - 2021h1 - Foreign Matching Levels; The first generation of autonomous research and development - 650v silicone nitride-mode device - Realization of Devices - Active Distribution Capacity Building, Stretching of Lead Positions
Yes, the process is under development. In the future, with the upgrading of the third generation semiconductor liner process and manufacturing success rates, the cost of the product is expected to continue to decline and the market is expected to expand rapidly.
It is hoped that this will lead to the creation of pre-eminences and deeper beneficial sector development.