On the 13th of August, 2020, there was a great deal of potential for internal growth and national production as an alternative to future life.
-Congregation of São Paulo shares (300661) 57.4 per cent long; net profit of $10.5 million attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 73.4 per cent over the same period; steady growth in corporate revenue and profit levels, with $159 million in signal chain products, a percentage of the total
34.1 per cent, or 59.3 per cent, over the same period; electricity management products generated $307 million, or 65.9 per cent, while traditional downstream markets such as communications, industry, medical care, consumer electronics were steadily moving forward, and new downstream markets such as physical networking, smart households and new energy sources were actively expanding, with notable results.
The pneumonia epidemic has been effectively brought under control in the country, and we believe that it will not have a major impact on the company’s core strength and business situation, and that the company’s prospects for development are considerable in the second half of the year.
At 20.7% of operating income, research and development of more than 100 new products has been completed, some of which have already reached the level of São Paulo shares or even exceeded international standards. At the same time, the company is committed to outreach, and in June this year it announced the acquisition of Xiaotai.
A draft of 71.3% of the remaining equity of the semiconductor makes it a 100% holding subsidiary. The Xiaotai semiconductor has a wealth of experience and resources in the field of power management chips, and this merger will be carried out with customer resources, the supply chain, the National Dollar Securities Corporation's Deliberation - St. State shares (300661); and it will be extended from within.
There are broad complementarities in the distribution channels, and it is expected that there will be further increases in the types of products and in the city’s share, as well as in the competitiveness and profitability of companies. Downstream demand will grow, and there will be ample scope for companies to develop under the tide of national production substitution.
China's simulated chip market is more than a third of the world's size, but the domestic supply side is not matched by demand: domestic modelic is small, leading company São Bong shares are only 0.4 per cent.
In times of growing tension in international relations, “country-based substitution” has become an important demand for many downstream customers. In the face of a vast domestic market, companies have great scope to grow and can develop in the future.
As a leader in the domestic sector, priority will be given to the replacement of national production and to maintaining the “growth” rating. Companies issued their semi-annual report for 2020, which achieved operating income of $466 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 57.41 per cent over the previous period; Net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies of $105 million, an increase of 73.39 per cent over the second quarter of the year.
Revenues were $273 million, or 48.48 per cent, and ring growth, 41.38 per cent; net profit returns in the second quarter were mainly due to companies following the market situation closely, working on the follow-up of existing markets and the expansion of emerging markets, and continuing to develop new products that are at the forefront of the industry. We believe that there is a strong momentum in corporate technology development.
With strong and growing external demand, firms are expected to keep growing at a high rate throughout the year. 2. Internal technological innovation combined with extended M&A expansion. Companies focus on endogenous technological development.
Over the years, companies have been active in attracting and developing skilled people, increasing the number and proportion of people involved in research and development, and have accumulated a country’s leading technological advantage in terms of high performance, low productivity, small size, and high reliability. In the first half of 2020, companies successfully promoted the development of more than 100 new products according to a strategic plan.
The company maintains a high R & D rate in the industry, with R & D costs in the first half of the year amounting to 96.203 million yuan, or 20.67% of operating income.
Congregation R & D costs and R & D rates The company uses extended M & As strategies.
In 2019, the company invested in Shanghai Ping Sheng and Hangzhou to acquire 28.7% of the shares of the Xiaohai semiconductor; in June 2020, the company issued a draft purchase bill, which will spend $1.07 billion to purchase 71.3% of the remaining shares of the Xianghai semiconductor by issuing shares and paying cash.
The -Thai semiconductor focuses on the design and marketing of power management simulation chips, with products widely used in the areas of consumer electronics, industrial controls, communications, automobile electronics, etc., and has provided more than 280 funds to more than 300 business customers for the sale of power pipes.
In less than three years, the company has a senior research and development team and rich client resources, and its products are recognized and recommended by downstream customers in the areas of wireless stereos, 5g, and object networking, leading the power management chip industry. According to company announcements, the growth of the Qinhai semiconductor has been remarkable for nearly three years, with battalion 2019.
Business income grew by more than 1.06 times and net profits by more than 2.2 times. This merger will create broad complementarities among customer resources, supply chains, and distribution channels, and it is expected that companies will further increase their product variety and market share, as well as their competitiveness and profitability.
3. Downstream demand has grown, there is wide room for alternative companies to develop, and the supply and demand of our simulated chips has not matched, and downstream demand has grown. According to icinsights, the global simulation of the chip market in 2019 was $55.2 billion, and is expected to reach $74.8 billion in 2022, with a compound increase over the past five years.
But the domestic supply side does not match the demand: domestic modelic companies are small, with the leading company São Paulo shares accounting for only 0.4 per cent of the domestic market, and they collect only 1 per cent of the world’s leading Texas device simulation chip business. In terms of product performance, some of the company’s products are already capable of doing the world-class simulation chip.
As the data above show, the world’s top 10 model chip industries are in a slowing phase, even in 2019.
While domestic firms, represented by São Paulo shares, have been growing at a high rate, both as the demand in the domestic market has been magnified and as the market share of companies has been rising. In the context of growing tensions between countries, as downstream markets, such as 5g technology and access to goods, have flourished, “country production has changed”
Generations have become an important demand for many downstream customers. Companies, as champions of simulations, have developed at an important time of “space, technology, opportunity” and have great opportunities to grow and develop in the future. 2) Markets are not as popular as expected;
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report is based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author's professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.