São Paulo shares (300661: new products are going well, with over-expected performance in the first half of the year.
The company was dedicated to high-performance simulation of integrated circuit cores, an event in which the company achieved operating revenue of $466 million in the first half of 2020, an increase of 57.41 per cent over the same period; and a high-tech enterprise designed and sold, with products covering signal chains.
The net profit of the mother was $105 million, an increase of 73.39 per cent over the same period. The 2020q2 company’s performance grew rapidly, in both areas of real and power management, including amplifiers, $273 million over the current operating income, an increase of 48.48 per cent over the same period, and 41.38 per cent over the ring; and net profit for the mother.
Aquirers, audio/video amplifiers, analogue switches, etc., which can be widely used in consumer electronics, mobile phones and communications, industrial controls, medical instruments, car electrons, and wearing devices, intelligence.
The impact of the epidemic has slowed, and new products are moving well. sia and wsts show that in April of this year, home-based electronics are emerging. Global chip sales were $34.43 billion, an increase of 6.1% compared to March.
Speed increases. The company is well on track to advance the development of new products, such as super-low-lost double-circuit simulation switches, without debt and cross-share presentations: Dismantling the development of new products, resulting in a more comprehensive simulation of chip product line layouts.
In the first half of 2020, the company’s R & D cost was $96.2 million, a 77.24% increase compared to the previous year.
20.67% have completed research and development of more than 100 new products. The company continues to promote research and development in an effective manner, actively attracts all levels of talent, continues to introduce more high performance simulation chip products, and narrows the gap with the Euro-American simulation chip giant.
The company’s early R & D and market advances have helped.
Companies are moving towards high-end integrated circuit simulations. 134x, 93x, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
São da Boa Vontade (300661). The new product is going well, and the first half of the year was over-expected.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports São Paulo shares (300661); new products are going well, with high expectations in the first half of the year.
Mr. Lee Mei-hyun, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University, joined the East Hing Bond in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.