16/07/2020: Company ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2020 and company ' s net profit of 2020 h1
Of the 0.93-109 million yuan, an increase of 55-80 per cent over the same period, q2 net profit return in 2020 has steadily expanded to record highs in the mimicri business: corporate net profit return in 2020 is record highs.
Business, sustained growth in product output, leading to high growth in corporate performance. ▪ Strong investment in autonomous innovation and further enrichment of analogues and applications: companies continue to develop in high-performance, high-quality analogues, and product lines continue to enrich and currently provide 16 broad categories
More than 1,400 analogues, which are widely used in the areas of consumer electronics, telecommunications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobile electronics, are well advanced in the market. Companies invest heavily in modelic autonomous R & D, with R & D costs accounting for 16.57 per cent of revenues in 2019 and R & D researchers.
The ratio of staff to total staff is 65.91 per cent, creating a strong autonomous and innovative capacity, product upgrading and new product development progressing steadily, with companies launching about 200 or 300 new products per year in recent years, increasing the number of products sold by 20-30 per cent per year, and using 5g to communicate, network and make it possible.
Emerging scenarios such as wearing equipment are expanding and market shares are increasing.  Horizontal integration of high-quality resources and upgrading of modelic core competitiveness: companies are actively engaged in extended M&As; horizontal expansion is being promoted; and it is proposed to purchase the remains of the Xianhai semiconductor by issuing shares and paying cash.
In addition to the remaining 71.30 per cent of the shares, the company has acquired Alfa in Dalian, transferred and replenished the shares in Shanghai microelectronics and increased access to the Hangzhou Deep Microelectronics, extended two-wheel drive, and national production replaced the Dragons.
Modelics have the characteristics of product line fragmentation and long development cycles, and through horizontal integration of high-quality resources in the 2020-02-29 industry, companies can rapidly expand product varieties, enrich and refine product lines, and fill them up.
2 St. State Shares (300661: Performance to diversify client demand, enhance market competitiveness and consolidate market niches.
▪ Proximizing the growth of demand for ic and the process of national production substitution, with broad scope for corporate growth: wide inter-firm 2019-08-16 product competitiveness in the area of power management and signal chain simulations, and steady client growth
3 St. State Shares (300661: Inner Entertainment. The products in question are fast-tracked to build diversified advantages, home-grown simulations in the import class of end-users such as Hua, Maestro, Gorgeous and Heconway.
Rapid growth is expected to benefit fully from the continuous rise in demand for analogues from various applications. At the same time, companies, as leading domestic high-performance, high-quality analogues, are well positioned in power management and signaling local supply chains of chain chips, and are expected to take the lead in benefiting from the national production of analogueics.
Performance growth is dynamic enough to maintain a “buy-in” rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board.