Events of 24 August 2020: TPS China published its semi-annual report for 2020, achieving operating income of 2,16,597 million yuan, or +4.2 per cent, and a net return profit of $14,239 million, or -12 per cent.
The net profit from the tax revenue has been reduced by 2.4 per cent. The net profit from the tax is equal to -12 per cent. The net profit from China's 1h20 has been reduced by -14.39 billion yuan to the mother, compared to -12 per cent, mainly due to the pre-tax payment of commission charges.
The deduction policy resulted in a higher base for the same period last year, with net profit after deductions equal to +24.8 per cent, offset by a corresponding return operating profit of +28.1 per cent as compared with changes in accounting estimates, income tax effects and fluctuations in short-term investments. Performance is contributing to 1) investment returns (investment returns + changes in fair value) yoy + 21.7 per cent, resulting from increased returns from securities sales and interest income on bonds, 2) and charges and commissions expenditure of yoy-16.12 per cent, resulting from long-term health insurance and a decline in the new health insurance scheme, resulting in a significant fall in commissions.
The new business values of the 120-life insurance are under pressure, and the team is being strengthened. 1-h20 is under the influence of the epidemic on sales, staff growth and exhibition, and the new business values are under pressure, with \triangleright playing key teams, and technological empowerment. The average monthly strength of marketing workers in the first half of the year was 766,000, compared to 3.8 per cent, and the average monthly premium was 29 per cent.
In addition, in the first half of the year, companies stepped up their online business support to increase the number of salesmen, train, and gain a guest show, and introduced an ams online support system covering marketing agents, supervisors, and internal staff to continuously explore a merit-based support system. On the profit side, operating profits grew steadily (youy+28.1), resulting from a steady increase in the remaining margin balance of life insurance, which increased by 5.3%, resulting in a steady spread of the remaining margins (life risk operating profit compared to +20.7%).
In China, the Quarterly Review: Investment-Driving Performance, Short-Term Insurance in the Life Insurance Industry 2020.04 The strong growth in non-car insurance has led to faster increases in insurance premiums for movable property and lower combined cost rates. Non-car insurance operations have contributed to a robust increase in insurance premiums.
\triangleright