There has been a steady increase in the performance of the household electricity business, cash cow, zero-growth main power company. The company published its 2019-month report on the realization of collection, net return to the mother and non-return to the mother ' s net profits of $5,831 million, $693 million and $642 million, respectively +4.3 per cent, +2.4 per cent and 4.8 per cent respectively.
The performance was as expected, and the Māori ring ratio improved. (1) A small increase in performance was expected due to a rebound in the business climate of household electricity and zero gas, with a H1 Māori rate of 28.3 per cent and a Māori rate of 31.1 per cent in the first quarter of q2, compared with a 21 to 250 million yuan increase in R&D costs in the first half of the year compared to the same year due to continued investment in heat pump technology
The utilization rate rose by 0.6 pct; the management cost rate increased by 0.8 pccc due to the same human cost as the same ratio. (3) Operating cash flow of operating capital changed by 1 million yuan, a reduction of 140 million yuan in stock from 2018q4. (4) Domestic and foreign operations accounted for half of the revenue.
The home power industry is a “cash cow” and the cooling valves are at the top of the world. The home power business is steady, and in the first half of the year, with deeper binding to large customers, the refrigeration and electrical components industry has generated $5.07 billion, an increase of 3.4 per cent, in the e-inflation valves and four-way transmissions in the lower-lying demand cycle of air conditioners, refrigerators, etc.
The zero business is the main force of growth, focusing on the impact of the dosage of Model3. With the power of the fever management trend, the public division is gradually moving from individual parts to components and systems, with the same growth in the first half of the year.
From 10.6% to 760 million yuan, the Māori ratio rose by 2.7 pct over the same year, with the largest single-car cargo worth close to $5,000.
The production of 110,000 model3 is estimated to increase the company’s revenues by about 230 million yuan, and 200,000 by 410 million yuan. It is expected that the company will benefit from Tesla’s Shanghai plant at the end of the year.
Diffusion in the car market; declining growth in the domestic electricity sector; underdevelopment of new energy vehicles; underdevelopment of commercial refrigeration developers; decline in the market share of refrigeration products; exchange rate fluctuations.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment