Samurai Wisdom (002050): Refrigeration operations are robust, with a lot of steam.
The company is the world's leading producer and researcher of refrigeration, and the cooling business is growing steadily and performing better than expected in the regulation of components and components. In automobiles, appliances.
And in the air-conditioning industry, working with world-renowned companies, the company's refrigeration business has performed well since this year, because about a quarter of the company's refrigeration business is commercial, and the three flowers have become the world's leading Oem supplier.
Cold demand, therefore, is not strongly influenced by the domestic electricity industry, while the more 40% of companies' refrigeration operations provide high-quality and most competitive commodities. The three-players come from overseas markets, and the domestic macro-environment has limited impact on companies' refrigeration operations.
Refrigeration self-control devices have become one of the world’s most well-known brands, with the division carrying only 20 to 30% of the share, and companies are managing trade problems overseas.
The Vietnamese base has started production, and the release of new capacity is expected to lead to an increase in performance. At the same time, Mr. Avekoko is the world-renowned refrigeration and air-conditioning hosts, such as Fuston, lg, Samsung, Kaili, Turing, York, Ge Li, May, Haile, etc.
The Division is expected to improve this year, and we believe that the company’s cooling plate business will maintain a robust growth posture. Strategic suppliers and partners at the plant.
The company’s auto heat management system supplies a large number of world-renowned car companies, the general public, Daimler, BMW, Volvo, and Internet-based car-making companies, which are corporate customers and have largely taken orders from all traditional and new car-making companies.
In terms of products, the conventional car, the heat management system, a bicycle, has a value of around $100, while the heat management system for new energy vehicles varies from $600 to $5,000, and the future growth space for new energy vehicles provides an engine of growth for the company's performance.
In the long run, the entire auto heat management sector is about $200 billion, and the company's target share is corporate profit projections and investment ratings: we expect the company's net profits to be the source of Eastern financial booms in 2019-2021.
Sanhua Smart Control (002050): Refrigeration operations are robust, and there's a lot of steam to do with nuclear safety review research at the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of the Department of Environmental Protection, B.A., Qinghua University of Transport, and Qinghua University of Nuclear Science and Engineering.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities reports that the cooling business is robust, and that there is no guarantee that the information and advice it contains will not change. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.