The company achieved operating income of $5,831 million in the first half of 2019, an increase of 431 per cent, and a net return on maternity.
693 million yuan, a decline of 2.35 per cent in the same year.Access to expectations, Māori uplifts, good cash flow. Corporate net profits from 1h in 2019 continued to grow, clients were better structured and performance was more stable.
Business cash flows have increased significantly, and companies have had good cash flows. In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori ratio was 28.32%, 3 percentage points higher than in the first quarter, and the net interest rate ring 2.4 percentage points higher than in the first quarter. We believe that the main drivers of the company ' s increased profitability are: 1) optimal product structure and higher average product prices; 2) exchange rate
Impacts; 3) The share of new energy automobiles in zero, with a higher Māori ratio compared to traditional car operations; 4) The share price relative to market performance (nearly 12 months) The share of new energy businesses driven by domestic and international customers continues to rise
At present, the company has acquired new energy vehicle orders from international mainframes such as the general public, psa, Daimler, Volvo and BMW, as well as new energy vehicle service orders from domestic mainframes.
We believe that the company’s new energy automobiles are well-ordered, well-structured, high-quality customers, good cash flow, and high-performance growth. There is a downside risk in the home power industry, and new energy cars are sold less than expected.
Triple Wirtschaftsprüfer: Performance expectations, increase in profitability. 2018-04-16.
High Growth, Zero Growth in the Second Half of the Year, 2018-08-10.
Figure 1: Pe-band Chart 2: pb-band Institute Sales Team
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.