The company released its annual report 2019, and in 2019 it achieved operating income of $11,359 million in the reporting period.
The company is the leader in the domestic titanium industry: the company has the highest capacity for titanium powder production in the country, and, by extension, through mergers and acquisitions and endogenous growth, the company has gradually developed titanium mine-chloride titanium slag-chloride titanium powder.
The whole titanium- titanium alloy chain is being strengthened. In 2019, the company achieved a steady increase in production and sales, with performance in line with expectations, and the power of the chain and core technology became more and more evident: at the same time, the company accelerated the expansion of titanium-white capacity and began to expand its industry at full capacity.
Development space up and down the chain. Real estate cycle determines demand, and industry concentration will continue to rise: titanium powder downstream is used mainly in paint and plastics, which together account for more than 80% of titanium powder consumption, while paint and plastics are used in the same way.
In the post-natal sector, titanium powders lag behind the real estate cycle for about a year. By the end of 2019, the titanium powder industry had reached 50%, but the titanium powder industry outside China had reached 85%, and there was still room for improvement in domestic concentration.
With low emissions, low energy consumption and an industrial policy bias towards chlorination, the chlorination process will be the future of the company with the advantage of upstream and downstream integration, with continued development of the future: the company ' s chlorination system, titanium white 1st phase, is the most stable chlorination device in operation in the country, absorbed by technology, and the company replenished.
At the end of 2019, the company was able to produce 900,000 tonnes per year, the third largest in the world, and the largest in the country. At the same time, the company pursued a strategy of integration in the titanium industry to enhance its core competitiveness through mergers and acquisitions and strategic convergence.
The supply of upstream titanium mines is constantly being secured, for example: on the other hand, companies are actively downstream in setting up sponge titanium, titanium alloys, etc., to increase the profitability of companies by expanding the industrial chain downstream and increasing the value added of their products.
At the top of the country's titanium industry, with strong performances and strong advantages, Dragon Pelican (00201.sz) is based in Henan Gao, listed in 2011, and in 2016 the Union acquired 100 per cent of its shares in the Dragon Plyon industry by means of a fixed increase, forming the Dragon Plyon Group, which covers Henan Koo, Sichuan Deyang,
The top five titanium powder production bases in Hubei Xiangyang province have become China’s largest producer of titanium powder. Although the titanium powder industry was tested in 2011 at the beginning of the company’s listing, after a fallback production phase-out, company performance increased across the board in 2016, particularly as the titanium powder foot-introduction cycle evolved.
In 2017, both the company ' s revenue and profit center were significantly increased, and even with a fall in titanium powder prices in 2019, the company ' s performance grew steadily, with operating income of $11,359 million recorded during the reporting period, an increase of 8.79 per cent over the previous year; total profits of $30.22 billion were realized, an increase of 11.27 per cent over the previous year; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies.
In terms of sales volume, the company produced 555.2 million tons of titanium sulphate in 2019, 1.65 per cent less than the same year, 74.7 million tons of titanium chloride, 20.40 per cent more than the same year, and 55.7 million tons of titanium sulphate were sold, which was the target of the same-year growth scheme and a record high.
In terms of external M&As, the company acquired Yunnan Metallurgical New titanium Industries Ltd., and 98.39 per cent of the stockholdings, minority shareholders and debt-transfer holdings in the new titanium industry, initially resulting in a low-cost joint production system with chlorinated titanium slag, chlorinated titanium white and sponge titanium; and the company acquired the Guangdong Oriental Technology Company Ltd.
With regard to integration, the company ' s 200,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium project was completed and the Board of Directors adopted a bill on investment in the construction of 500,000 tonnes of titanium climbing to transform the titanium chloride project into an innovative project on the construction of the titanium chloride slag.
A bill to invest in the construction of a new 30,000-ton annual high-end titanium alloying material project. The two projects have been designed both to make full use of the rich titanium mineral resources, to scale up the titanium concentrate upgrading into the production of chlorinated titanium slags, and to increase the value of the integrated use of the mineral resources while safeguarding the stability of the supply of mercury-based materials; and to facilitate further progress.
Optimal upgrading of the corporate whole chain, enhancement of the company’s profitability and core competitiveness, and promotion of the sustainable development of the enterprise The titanium powder industry has changed, the chlorination process is a future trend, the demand is determined by the real estate cycle, and titanium powder prices are expected to rebound.
titanium powder, by use, is divided into two major categories, namely, pigment and non-painting. The refraction rate of paint-grade titanium powder is high, it is disabling, and it also has a remarkable advantage, whether in cover or dispersion.
The most widely used titanium powder in industry is paint-grade titanium powder, which is the primary response, whether in paint, plastic, or paper, because of the high performance of paint-grade titanium powder.
Fields of use. The paint-grade titanium powder is the largest in use in paints and the largest in the paint industry, with 10 to 35 per cent titanium in various paints; the plastics industry, the second largest user of titanium powder, is the fastest growing area in recent years, with an average annual growth rate of 6 per cent, with more than 50 plates out of more than 500 titanium cards worldwide.
As paints and plastics are products of the post-real estate cycle, titanium powder consumption lags by about one year after the start of the real estate construction cycle. The titanium powder rises in the second half of 2018 as the domestic and foreign real estate industry and the demand for second-time renovations of houses rises.
Demand from abroad will maintain upward trends, titanium prices will be on the move, and prices are expected to rise back. Figure 1: Total titanium price volatility lags behind the cumulative same-year fluctuations in the area of new construction for houses for about one year (%, yuan/tonne) 2.2. Environmental stress, structural upgrading, and continued industrial concentration rises
The overseas titanium industry is highly concentrated. After Tenor acquired Kost in April 2019, it became a global titanium chalk dragon, with the top five manufacturers of the world's titanium powder production reaching 58%, namely, Tenor, Com, Combing, Hensmi, Connors, and Cr5. However, it is a matter of concern that in 2019, the overseas titanium powder production combined was 4.84 million tons, of which Teno and Cobb were among the top five manufacturers.
In recent years, the concentration of the domestic titanium industry has increased, and there is still room for improvement. In 2012-2015, the price of titanium powder increased.
Since 2016, our environmental policies have become more stringent, while the sulphate method of titanium powder production has become more resource-consuming, contaminated and less productive under environmental pressure, leading to a greater concentration of titanium powder.
According to data, in 2012, there were 66 titanium powder companies in China, with a four-year down-swing cycle, which ended in 2016 when the industry withdrew from 17, leaving only 49; after two years of environmental rehabilitation, there were only 41 remaining at the end of 2018, with an industrial concentration of 40 process-type producers with normal production conditions and above the size of the Chinese titanium industry in 2019.
The combined effective production capacity is 38.45 million tonnes/year, of which the top five enterprises are the dragon python pelican, the medium-nucleic titanium industry, the titanium climbing industry, the Kimpo titanium industry, and the Shandong Chia industry, with a combined production capacity of 1.925 million tonnes, or 50%. However, compared to the industry pattern abroad, there is still much room for increasing the concentration of the domestic titanium industry.
2.3. The sulfate process is highly polluting and the chlorination process is a future trend. The titanium powder production process is mainly sulfate and chlorination.
The process has a high technical barrier to chlorination, and domestic manufacturers still have a dominant production capacity of sulfuric acid.
Core technology and critical equipment have long been in the hands of giants overseas, domestic manufacturers have been trying to introduce, absorb, but most companies still operate with small-scale devices and have difficulty mastering the core technology of large-scale production devices. Extra-sea giants Teno, Kost, Komum, etc., use chlorination processes, with 82% of the total capacity of Konox ' s titanium powder production, compared to 82%.
The key to the structural change in the titanium industry in China is the chlorination process, with the leading domestic producers of the chlorination process leading in the way of development. The environmental inspector, with clear industrial guidance and high-intensity normality, is destined for the future of the titanium powder industry in China.
The chlorination process, in which domestic manufacturers that have taken the lead in absorbing large-scale chlorination processes are expected to pre-empt the next round of titanium industry change, is expected to take a favourable place. 3. Companies are globally competitive and have significant advantages in upstream and downstream integration.
3.1. The company took the lead in the chlorination process, with the ability to leapfrog to the third place in the world, and, as a national leader in the chlorination process, built and stabilized continuously in January 2016. The 60,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder device is the most stable and sustainable chlorination project in the country.
In addition, after more than two years of construction, the company ' s titanium powder phase II project was officially completed in May 2019, with two production lines with a combined capacity of 200,000 tonnes per year. The company acquired the titanium powder process through digestion, and optimized the second phase of the process by designing its own design.
Improving critical equipment and reducing investment intensity. Production loads are still increasing slowly as phase II projects are technologically digested and equipment is produced domestically. It is worth noting that once one of the production lines is reached, the other can be quickly replicated, and also represents the firm’s complete absorption of chlorination technology, laying the foundation for the next process of expansion of chlorination capacity.
By the end of 2019, when Tenor acquired Koster, he had 1.46 million tons of titanium powder, the world’s number one: Komumu, cut off from Dubon, had 1.25 million tons of titanium powder, and the company had 900,000 tons of titanium powder, the world’s third-largest, through the “Extension+Inner Life” campaign. Also, it is worth mentioning that the company owned a total of 1.25 million tons of titanium powder.
The chlorination method has a capacity of 360,000 tonnes/year, or 74% of the domestic chlorination process, and the chlorination method is a future trend and the increase in production is mainly in the context of China's industry, where companies have full control that the chlorination process will have an absolute advantage in the future domestic market and the industry's leader is further consolidated.
Upholding the titanium industry integration strategy, with significant advantages of upstream-downstream integration, companies continue to guarantee a stable supply of upstream titanium mines through M & A integration + self-building, and to open up sponge, titanium alloy materials downstream, gradually moving forward with titanium concentrate - chlorinated titanium slag - chlorinated titanium powder - sponge titanium.
The whole chain of titanium alloys, which consolidates the low-cost advantage of titanium powder, will broaden the downstream product application, the flow of titanium powder to form its own moat.
In titanium powder production, the cost of raw materials titanium is higher, especially in the chlorinated titanium powder process, where titanium is more than 50% of the cost of titanium powder production. We are rich in titanium, but we have a relatively low taste compared to international titanium and a greater external dependence on market demand, making international titanium prices more important to domestic titanium companies, and hence public.
The Department has been actively developing upward integration to ensure the self-sufficiency of titanium mines. When the company acquired the dragon-drawn industry in 2016, the company acquired 500,000 tons of titanium/year-old titanium mineral energy, protecting the raw materials of the sulphate devices in Xiangyang and Deyang.
In 2017, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Ril Trade and Industry, guaranteeing a stable supply of 480,000 tons of titanium concentrate in 17-19. In September 2019, the company acquired the new titanium industry and further enriched its upstream mineral resources. The new titanium industry has mining rights.5
One, the right to prospecting, four, the domestic titanium reserves of about 5 million tons and the overseas Mozambican thorium reserves of over 100 million tons, identifying about 72 million tons of titanium ore, 2.6 million tons of zirconite, 400,000 tons of red gold ore and 50 million tons of magnet ore for mining.
In April 2019, the company announced its intention to build an innovative project for the construction of 500,000 tons of titanium climbing ore upgrading for the conversion of chlorinated titanium slags, which, when completed, will result in the production of 300,000 tons of yearly chlorine titanium slags and the production of 200,000 tons of high-quality iron to provide raw material security for the public-sector chlorination device.
In November 2019, the company completed the acquisition of the Orient Silicon Industry, which is in Australia by holding or participating in the heavy weight of titanium sand, with a total of 2.2 billion tons of alluvial resources, which together contain 29.255 million tons of titanium ore, 451.07 million tons of titanite, 77.13 million tons of red diamonds and 1,4415,000 tons of sorghum.
The company announced in April 2019 that it was going to build a new 30,000-ton annual high-end titanium alloy material project, which would further boost the company's titanium-chlorinated titanium slag-chlorinated titanium powder-spongiform titanium- titanium- titanium alloy chain.
Optimizing upgrades to achieve the development goal of “deep titanium products, fine-scale titanium derivatives,” and enhancing corporate profitability and core competitiveness. In September 2019, companies invested in Southwest titanium technology, a holding subsidiary, in order to seize the development opportunities of the titanium industry.
In September 2019, the company acquired the new titanium industry, took over 10,000 tons/year of sponge titanium production, and restored it to production successfully. In December 2019, the company signed a cooperation agreement with the Kanakawa Group, which established a joint venture with the Ministry of Finance for assets such as titanium.
At the same time, the company built on the existing titanium titanium plant in Kimkawa to expand downstream into the industrial chain. Sulphuric capacity: technology was expanded to 600,000 tons in 2020 and will be fully produced in the next three years: chlorination capacity: 60,000 tons per year in the first phase of chlorination; chlorination product two was sold from 100,000 tons in 2020.
The price and cost of titanium powder are stable: Downstream demand is weak: titanium powder is part of the post-real estate industry, and the price of titanium powder will be under pressure if the building site starts less than expected.
The chlorination device phase II has not progressed as expected: the company ' s chlorination device has introduced foreign absorption technology, and the installation starter rate has to be constantly climbing and loadd.