The product structure is optimized, the R & D growth is high, and the Ocean Group (002311) fast-tracked 2017 reviews continue to optimize the product structure, and the net gain is much faster than the income increase.
\triangleright 2017, the company achieved 8.49 million tons of feed sales, an increase of 15.83 per cent over the same period. Aquatic produce benefits from industry demand, relying on the strong trust group, to further enhance the distribution of the company’s northern market, based on the advantages of its northern market.
Year after year, the staggered supply contracted, the bird chain smelted upwards, and space was good, and the poultry stock was expected to pick up steadily. With the Māori rate, the unit compared to the depth of 300, the water production was growing faster, the company's feed business product was better structured, and we expect the Māori rate to rise at the same rate.
At the same time, cost controls have improved further, with higher capacity utilization and higher net gain rates, with a higher share of special aquatic products, and a further increase in the Māori ratio. The price of raw materials upstream of feed has continued to rise during the reporting period, with companies making price increases by adjusting order times and prices for their products.
In addition, the structure of aquaculture products continues to improve, and the ratio of high-end water supplies to high-mori is rising. At the end of aquaculture, farmers can regulate the proportion of feed delivered to control the farm cycle, and when the industry leads, the farmers prefer to choose a high-quality and efficient harvest.
The product structure and profitability levels have improved further as more farmers in the future change their granules to high-morigin inflated materials. Research and development support has steadily advanced, and overseas markets have contributed significantly.
Over the years, companies have accumulated investment in research and development from a single feed to a comprehensive combination of breeding, kinetic protection, farming techniques, and farming models. Revenue from sales is expected to increase by 45% in 17 years, with a Māori rate of up to 50%.
In addition to the company’s opening up of the South-East Asian market in recent years, which has led to a gradual increase in pig and aquatic layout on a major basis in Viet Nam, the company’s products have a clear local competitive advantage, and the incremental amount of it is a strong and growing advantage feed leader, and the business layout is constantly being optimized, with the exception of feed plate farming and farming.
Lack of performance of acquisition targets, extreme weather conditions, epidemic risks, declining prices of water products, etc.
2. The Third Quarterly Review of the China-Pacific Group: Performance Growth and Growth Summary of Company Financial Statement Data Forecasts Chen Baidu, M.A. in Technology Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, research in light industry and listed companies.
Liu, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Finance, joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry and listed companies. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,