China Group (002311), which published its 2017 performance report on February 27, 2017.
In 2017, the company achieved a net return of 12.01 per year to the industry, a 40 per cent increase in sales of 8.49 million tons.
Growth, particularly with regard to the high prices of water products and the gradual landing of the company's pre-generation pig-powder layout, has led to a significant increase in the Māori ratio by fine-tuning the way in which raw materials are purchased and the origin of the plant.2 In 18 years, pig-powder became a new point of increase and corporate growth was strong.
Pigs will become the company's main engine in 2018, with the company's own production capacity and a large scale of letters in its previous layout leading to a significant increase in the sale of pig food, limited growth in the area of pig production over 18 years, and the prospect that fish prices will continue, with the company's high-value prices.
1. Research bulletin of the Sea Group (002311), which is expected to maintain a positive upward trend throughout the year, with sales entering 3 million tons, becoming an absolute leader in the field of aquatic production.
2- Review of the events of the Sea Group (002311): Time nodes up for research, millions of tons of feed sales, company development in 2018, and the report of the Sea Group (002311), 2017 Quarterly:
3. Extension of the industrial chain to promote the main business. 4; In-depth report of the Sea Group (002311), Industry Chiefs, as a strategic block, have a steady layout of corporate pig farming, which will be released from 19 to 20 years.
To fully enjoy the elasticity of the next cycle of the hog price up. We maintain the previous boom, the source of the financial boom in the East.
In addition, the seedlings have been used as engines for the sale of feed, contributing to a steady return, and are expected to produce around $500 million in 18 years.
China Group (002311), with steady growth in sales, 18 sustained high growth in sales, and 10 top prizes (seventh prize) for the excellent combination of the "Jung Yong-young" and the 2012 "China Securities Award" industry research prize (eighth prize).
Research Assistant Introduction Qing Poetry Month Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.