Audio Holdings (688036.sh) 1h24 returns increased on a year-on-year basis, 1h24 returns on a dynamicly diversified business layout were increased on a year-on-year basis, and the 2q24 Māori ring ratio improved.
It was reported that 1h24 received $34.558 billion (yoy+38.1 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $2.852 billion (youy included in operating costs and no longer included in sales costs), and the adjusted rate of 1h24 Māori was 21.53 per cent (youy Focusing on Emerging Markets, 1h24 mobile phone delivery is the second highest in the world. The company’s main product is Tecno,
According to idc, in the first half of 2024, the KP held 14.4% of the global mobile market, and ranked second among global mobile branders; itel, infinix, three branded mobile phones with functional and smart machines, sold in the region of the world’s emerging market countries, including Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America.
The global smart market, with 9.1%, ranks fourth. In African markets, the corporate smart market, with $91227/91227 million, ranks first in over 40%. In South Asia, the Pakistani smart market.
In the first place, Bangladesh’s smart market is ranked first; India’s smart market is occupied; companies continue to develop mobile interconnections, expanded product lines, and diversified layouts open up the space for future growth. Based on the leading advantage accumulated in emerging markets, companies actively pursue diversified strategic layouts and open them in emerging markets.
In moving Internet operations, mobile Internet platforms based on user flows and data resources are the core basis for corporate development of mobile Internet products. Companies and Internet access, and other leading Internet users in the country, such as Internet access, telecommunications, etc.
The Division collaborates strategically in such applications as music, news syndication, and actively develops and incubates mobile interconnectivity products.
The commercial ecological model of Digital Parts” was initially formed to further strengthen the competitive edge of companies.
Audio Holdings (688036.sh) - Three Quarterly Net Profit Consumptions and Stock Level Comparisons
Figure 4: Single-quarter net profit return to a company and rate of increase by the same year, Figure 5: Structure of the collection of the company ' s sub-products, Figure 6: Māori rate of the company ' s sub-products
Figure 7: Corporate Māori aggregate, parent rate net, period cost figure 8: Company single quarter combined Māori rate, parent rate net rate, period cost figure 9: Corporate sales, management, R&D, financial cost rate
Figure 10: Corporate quarterly sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 11: Company inventory swing days Figure 12: Corporate total asset turnover (ttm)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject