Events: Voice-held shares released in mid-2024, with 2024h1 companies earning $34,558 million, continuing to build core competitiveness in emerging markets and opening new markets for high performance growth during the reporting period.
Companies have been consolidating their existing advantages in emerging markets, and multiple brands have been working with new markets to achieve good business results. According to idc data, in the first half of 2024, companies held 14.4 per cent of the global mobile market and ranked second among global mobile branders, with smart machines at their disposal.
In the African market, the corporate African smart market is ranked first, with over 40%. In the South Asian market, Pakistan’s smart market is ranked first; Bangladesh’s smart market is ranked first; and India’s smart market is ranked first.
The company’s continued expansion of emerging markets and the upgrading of its products, with an increase in overall output, has led to a steady and sustained growth in corporate revenue.
Mainly as a result of increased market opening and brand promotion by companies; administrative costs of $877 million, or 2.54 per cent of the management rate, or 0.16 pcts lower than in the previous year, which were definitely worth an increase, mainly due to increases in share payments and salaries; and R & D costs of $1,183 million, or R & D rates
< < Pacific Stock Exchange - Sound Holdings > Increased R & D investment; financial costs of $131 million, mainly due to increased interest income for the current period
Emerging-market countries are still in the market trend of “functional machine-to-smart switch,” creating a solid foundation for companies. Building on the dominant position of Africa’s mobile-phone markets, companies continue to intensify and accelerate their efforts to develop mobile phones+.
Mobile interconnection + digital accessories/domestic appliances continue their multi-brand development strategy, actively implementing diversified strategic layouts through the localization of smart hardware class models: (1) mobile Internet operations: mobile Internet platforms based on user flows and data resources, corporate development of mobile Internet
The company collaborates with many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as Cyber Easy, Tetsu, and is actively developing and incubating mobile Internet products: (2) Extension Business: Expanding Key Products Tracks, Focusing on Core Countries and others.
Regional breakthroughs in market shares, continuous upgrading of local user experiences, building of brands’ relative unique advantages, and gradual sustainable development of extended-type business. As emerging-market mobile phone leaders that locate “technology brands out of the sea,” we look to the company.
On the edge of emerging markets and the strategic layout of diversification, we expect the company to be at the Pacific Academy in 2024-2026.
10th floor of the State-run building at 500 Southeast Road, Shanghai City, Hsien Shenzhen City, Hukuda Business Center, 19th floor, 1904 New World Center, Lotus Road, 988 St Fung Square, Guangzhou City Avenue, room 102.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.