Aluminium production advantages in the whole chain are evident in China's aluminium industry: companies publish 2019 annual reports. Companies achieved business income of 19.1 billion yuan in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
The company is the world's largest producer of aluminium oxide, fine aluminium oxide, high pure aluminium, a pool of resources such as bauxite and coal.
Mining, production and marketing of aluminium oxide, raw aluminium and aluminium alloy products Mining from bauxite to aluminium alloy production, logistics trade to the full integration of the aluminium industry chain into new energy generation Marketing, technology research and development, international trade, logistics industry, firepower
In addition, company-controlled bauxite resources amount to approximately 2,547 million tons, of which 737 million tons are domestic bauxite, or about 42 per cent of the country's total reserves; and large-scale production enterprises that generate electricity from new sources.
Foreign bauxite resources of 1.81 billion tons (including the Guinea boffa project, which is down by 600 million tons from the same period last year), more than 60 years of service, company self-sufficiency in bauxite is well above the industry average and has reached more than 50 per cent, and high self-sufficiency in bauxite resources contributes to the creation of corporate resource premiums.
Aluminium oxide production can be the second largest in the world and the second largest in the world. Trade plates contribute the main profits. Aluminium oxide plates contribute the main profits: trading plates influence the size of the company’s main business, but aluminium oxide plates contribute the main profits of the company.
The increase in the volume of trade in aluminium and aluminium oxide was significant (+11.7 per cent of the total) but the price of aluminium oxide and the original aluminium plate dropped (fob-29.6 per cent per year) and the sale of the original aluminium (-9.1 per cent) , which accounted for 20 per cent of the country's aluminium oxide production, and sales of aluminium, which contracted owing to the low industry: the company oxidized in 2019.
Ten thousand tons, or 10.5% of the country’s total electric aluminium production. A double drop in sales of aluminium oxide and aluminium metal reflects the negative impact of the weakening of the industry on the company’s performance, with sales of aluminium oxides ranging from -295 to 7.23 million tons, sales of aluminium from 11.9% to 3.79 million tons, an increase of 28% in the company’s inventory of electrolytic aluminium, and increased liquidity and stress on the company’s inventory of aluminium.
▪ Overseas market risks are limited and corporate business stable: in terms of the distribution of revenues in the aluminium industry, the company's mainland region accounts for 96.9 per cent of total revenues, while the overall Māori rate is 7.14 per cent; in the offshore areas, only 3.1 per cent and Māori 0.78 per cent. Given the increased uncertainty about overseas revenues due to the spread of the epidemic, the distribution of the company's main business income is particularly high.
In addition, the return on investment on the company’s assets and liabilities fell for five years in a row, and the return on assets from the disposal of Sant’Aluminium in Shanxihua was the main cause of the increase in the net non-Matmospheric gains.
In March 2020, the project ' s bauxite transport system was successfully reloaded, and the first ship of bauxite earth mine has arrived in Sunny Harbour. The 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project in Guangxi City is expected to be launched in 2020.
Aluminium prices: Aluminium prices went into 2020 when stocks surged and crude oil prices were adjusted for double pressure to fall into full production costs, 625,000 tons of aluminium production entered a reduced manufacturing facility in March, and later aluminium supplies increased their probability of becoming rigid;
Domestic consumption has warmed up due to higher rates of start-up in aluminium processing enterprises, but aluminium exports have weakened as a result of the spread of the epidemic, taking into account the fact that later demand continues to be concentrated on expectations of higher or lower levels of aluminium consumption, at an average annual price of about $12,000 per ton.
Aluminium industry in China (601,600): Upstream resources are secured, and the advantages of the entire aluminium chain are to be revealed.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, he invests in the business of Sky-Eyed Real Estate.
Researching in the non-ferrous metals industry.
10 years of experience in financial derivatives research, investment, and team management, served as Chief Manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Advisory Board and Head of the Non-ferrous Metals, Futures and Quantities Strategy Group: served as Investment Manager of the Invincing Young Fong Donghing Asset Management Programme.
Silver and Copper in Multimedia: Three prizes from the Dalian Commodity Futures Exchange for the marketing of soybean futures, and Sino-Kin shares for the marketing of soybeans. Author of contracts for Anteco, China Metals Bulletin, Economic Reference Paper, Futures Weather. 2018. Analyst's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, or will not be, specifically recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Aluminium industry in China (601,600): The upstream resources are guaranteed, and the advantages of the aluminium whole chain are not to be revealed, nor are there any changes to the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.