Focus on five major industries, M&A development, with broad long-term growth space Events: 25 October 2024, 3rd Quarterly Report 2024, 3rd Quarter 60188
Production of 36.73 million tons of coal, ring ratio + 6.1 per cent; sale of 34.72 million tons, ring price + 1.6 per cent; average price of 683 yuan/tonne for sale of coal, corresponding to 18.7 per cent; average cost of sale of self-produced coal, $663 yuan/tonne, ring cost - 6.5 per cent.
Coalification: Production and sales have fallen slightly over the same period, and profit levels have continued to improve. In terms of sales: 2024q1-3, chemical products produced 6.36 million tons, or -2.2 per cent of the same; chemical products sold 5.7 million tons, focusing on five major industries developed in partnership, and three companies were acquired in 2024 to manufacture high-end equipment.
In 2021, the company’s Development Strategy Framework proposes to focus on five strategic industries – mining, new materials for high-end chemicals, new energy sources, high-end equipment manufacturing, and intelligent logistics – building on existing industries and setting clear development goals.
On the other hand, it aims to reach 300 million tons/year of coal production in 5-10 years, to build more than eight million tons of Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. Green Smart Mines, and to expand molybdenum, gold, copper, and other non-coal mineral assets, building on existing ones.
In the mineral sector, ild iron and potassium have been transformed from monocoal to multi-mine development.
With regard to new materials, in line with high-end green low-carbon development, extending the existing chemical industry chain, building a base for the production of new chemical materials in the Golden Plumbing Building (b) and striving to produce more than 20 million tons of chemical products per year in 5-10 years,
The share of new chemical materials and high-end chemical products exceeds 70%. With regard to new energy sources, the development of new energy industries, such as wind, photovoltaic and auxiliary storage, will be advanced, building on the advantages of the existing coal industry, and the orderly development of downstream industries, such as hydrogen, in order to achieve a 5-10-year build-up of new energy generators.
By more than 10 million kilowatts, the hydrogen supply capacity will exceed 100,000 tons/year. On the side of high-end equipment manufacturing, focus will be placed on developing traditional advantages such as high-end coal manufacturing, expanding the production of new energy equipment such as windmills, and fostering traditional advantages such as medium-end coal manufacturing.
In the field of intellectual logistics, there is a combination of products, users, third-party service providers, and the construction of intelligent logistics systems. Since 2024, companies have acquired the German company Salf, Pump Technology and Highland Resources to equip them with high-end manufacturing and intelligent logistics.
In March 2024, \triangleright took over the German company Sharf and helped it develop the manufacturing of high-end equipment.
The company acquired 52.66% of the shares of Sharif for €3.216 million. Sharif is the leading international producer of sub-dwelling single-track transport support equipment, with advanced technical equipment and a high level of municipal ownership (34% of the global installed single-track system comes from Sharif), in the middle.
The market position of emerging markets, such as Russia and South Africa, is favourable. Based on the sum of Euro4.88 million in 2023, the sum of the sum of Euro4.8 million returned to the mother, the value is 12.5 times the value of the purchase and the value level of the purchase is reasonable.
In the medium and long term, this acquisition has led to a breakthrough in the field of high-end equipment and will hopefully help companies to continue to develop in the field of high-end equipment manufacturing.
In April 2018, it was established as an electronic platform for transport without vehicles and without ships, and it is dedicated to the integrated ecological resolution of the bulk commodity supply chain.
Real-time perception, aiding efficient synergies between upstream and downstream firms. Based on a 2023 net profit of $8.07 million in technology, the value of the purchase of energy from the mine is 39.55 times higher. It is interesting to note that this acquisition is not about its own profitability, but about intellectual logistics.
There are potential synergies between industry and corporate coal sales. Through the acquisition of bottling technology, the ecology of coal sales in the mining industry has been gradually transformed from the customer to the delivery of goods, thereby increasing the company’s competitiveness in coal sales.
The acquisition of the Highland Resources Company, which is the first step in the transition from mono-coal mining to multi-mine development, is expected to continue. In September 2024, the coal-rich energy industry was responsible for 100% of Canada’s share of coal.
Highland resources are registered in Australia and listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in February 2012, with the main business being the development of potassium fertilizer, core item.
According to the jorc code, the original ore reserves identified and controlled were 104 million tons and the level of potassium chloride was 16.1%; phase I and phase II design capacity was 500,000 tonnes/year, with a combined capacity of 1 million tonnes/year.
Coal Canada, a wholly-owned offshore subsidiary established in 2011 for the energy of the mine, is a company engaged in potassium salt exploration in Saskatchewan, Canada, and holds a potassium salt mining project (“Soxi Project”) and four other potassium salt.
Mine rights. The main product of the Sossi project is potassium chloride, which, in accordance with the ni43-101 norms, detects and controls potassium chloride stocks of 173 million tons, with a design capacity of 2 million tonnes/year and 800,000 tonnes/year for phase I and phase II, respectively, with a combined capacity of 2.8 million tonnes/year. As of September 2024, coal
Canada’s mining rights are still being developed in green lands. This acquisition of highland resources will allow the company to tap into and securitize its assets. At the same time, using highland resources, the company’s potassium mining business has been expanded, officially taking the first step in the transition from single coal mining to multi-mine development.
Profit forecasting and rating: A new cycle driven by a shortage of capacity is still in the early and mid-point, and we \triangleright expect the domestic and foreign coal hub prices to run mid-point in the next three years.
With the steady release, the orderly injection of high-quality corporate assets and the deepening of employee equity in the context of state-owned business reforms, mining energy is expected to grow towards “clean energy suppliers and world-class firms.” We predict the net profits that companies will have on their parent companies in 2024-2026, respectively.
Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and external energy policies; macroeconomic slowdowns at home and abroad; or \triangleright
Unexpected recovery; risk of major coal safety incidents; lack of asset injection process in companies
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal of the Graduate Institute of Securities Economy and Finance, and now Co-head of the Sindha Energy Coal and Steel Co-ordination, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), former Minister of Investment and Management of the Second Sub-Society of Coal Coal Industries of China, Deputy Director of Coal Mines, who worked on coal mines for many years.
In June 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is involved in coal, steel and upstream and downstream Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of Carbon C order, China ' s Environmental Science Society. He was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of Environmental Technology and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060;
The study “Carbon Reaching Carbon and Implementation Paths” was completed in the petrochemical industry and participated in the preparation of the relevant policy documents of the Ministry of State for Oil and Gas Industry Planning, New Energy Systems Development, Industrial Carbon Reaching and High Quality Development. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2023 to carry out research in the field of large energy and to be responsible for research in the petrochemical sector.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for electricity industry research.
In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the coal and electricity sectors, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the public sector.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry, Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for work in stone.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.