Researchchand developmentcenter, a global oil spill, waiting for the symbiotic resonance of the plates.
– In-depth report of Merchant Ship (601872) 13 February 2025 In-depth report of Merchant Ship (601872.sh): Global oil spill
Dragonhead, wait for the symphony of the plates, call for merchant ships to be two-pronged, gas, dry bulk, operational shipping, \triangleright.
By the end of the first half of 2024, the fleet of vlcc and vloc was the largest in the world. Of these, oil tankers had a highly volatile transport cycle, and bulk-cargo transport benefited from lock-in and limited swings. Considering the continuing supply constraints in the industry, there are opportunities for expansion on the demand side, we believe the company's current assets.
The world’s leading vlcc, vloc shipowner, is fully operational. The Energy Transport Unit \triangleright Branch Ltd. (Multi-ship 601872.sh) of the Bureau of Commerce and Industry uses both gas and dry bulk transport as its core.
As an organic complement to other fleets such as containerized transport, car rolling transport, and special transport, the main battalion operations cover the transport of oil, gas, dry bulk transport, roll-on transport and container transport. As of the end of the first half of 2024, the company vlcc and vloc fleet were the world's largest.
The company's own shipping structure, with tankers and bulk carriers contributing approximately 44 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively; The company's cargo structure, with tanker fleets contributing about 40 per cent and dry cargo fleets contributing 45 per cent, respectively \triangleright
At the end of the third quarter of the year, there were 59 company-owned tankers with a combined capacity of 16.876 million heavy tons, of which the share of the circulationa was 52 (%) vlcc, with a steady capacity of more than 95%.
International crude oil transport operations, industry traffic demand, which is influenced by factors such as crude oil production, consumption, prices, and distance demand, which is influenced by factors such as multilateral politics and economic games, while changes in the size of the supply end fleet typically lag behind changes at the demand end, leading to higher cyclical prices in the industry.
Routes indicate that the share of crude oil shipping along the Middle East-Asia-Pacific route has stabilized in the global volume of crude oil foreign trade between 30 and 35 per cent, with the corresponding route td3c being the main route of vlcc, and the long-range mode of revenue recognition upon completion of the shipment, td3c one-way journey approximately 50 days, and we will td3c
After a 50-year later shift in shipping prices, the total number of vloc in \triangleright was 34 compared to the net profit level of the company ' s tanker shipping operations, and the capacity was stable at around 70%.
The focus may be on iron ore transport, with our crude steel production leading the world, imports of raw materials of iron ore in accordance with Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., which is about 82% dry, and imports are highly dependent on shipping to support the demand for iron ore shipping. As of 2024
At the end of the first half of the year, the company's bulk fleet was locked 100% of the base of the Vloc fleet's long-term coa.
On top, fleets such as the Caper Capesize maintain appropriate short-term lease locks, and we believe that the lease is locked to support the company’s bulk ship transport operations, with limited net profit cycle volatility. Other operations: eng transport profits are stable, transport is collected, roll plans are marketed.
Ing Transport: The Clng fleet has been tied up to contribute to a stable profit. The company ' s lang transport operations consist mainly of wholly-owned subsidiaries engaged in air and gas operations and co-contracting companies, Clng. Of these, as of the end of the third quarter of 2024, 22 eng ships were under the Clng flag.
In financial performance, the net profit of the company’s lang transport season is maintained close to $160 million, and the overall performance is robust. Container transport, roll-on transport: plans to split up the market, the company will focus further on the two cores.
In June 2024, the company announced an offer to issue shares to purchase 100% of the share in the shipment and 70% of the shareholdings.
Equity, upon completion of the transaction, commercial ships are expected to hold the stock-consumption holdings, bring out the Chinese and foreign shipments, reload and regroup, and company operations will be further focused on the two core sectors of oil and gas transport and dry bulk transport.
Profit projection and investment rating: 100 per cent shareholding and commercial roll-over of the sale of China-China/outbound shipments not implemented as expected; geopolitical risks. Merchant ships are recruited as a two-core backbone for oil and gas transport, dry bulk cargo transport, and the operational shipping landscape as at 2024
At the end of the first half of the year, the fleet of vlcc and vloc was the largest in the world. Of these, tankers had a highly volatile transport cycle, and bulk carriers benefited from locking in charters, with limited swings. Oil tankers and bulk carriers contributed approximately 44 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively, to the company ' s own shipping structure; and the fleet of tankers and dry bulk carriers contributed about 40 per cent and 45 per cent, respectively, to the company ' s cargo structure.
In view of persistent supply constraints in the industry and expansion opportunities on the demand side, we believe that the company's current asset value tanker shipping: the volume of crude oil shipping along the Middle East-Asia-Pacific route has stabilized at 30 to 35 per cent of the global volume of crude oil foreign trade, with the route td3c being the main route of vlcc, taking into account the distance lease model.
Revenue is recognized upon completion of the physical shipment, and the td3c single voyage time is approximately 50 days, and we move the price of the td3c back 50 days later, with the same overall trend compared to the level of revenue and net profit from the company ' s tanker operations.
On the basis of coa locking, fleets such as the Cape Cape Capesize have maintained appropriate short-term lease locking, and we believe that the lease locking supports the company ' s bulk ship transport operations with limited net profit cycle volatility. ng Transportation: 22 lang ships under the Clng flag were tied up by the end of the third quarter of 2024.
In financial performance, the net profits of the company’s lang transport quarter were maintained close to $160 million, container shipping, rolling transport: in June 2024, the company announced that the António Holdings were about to issue shares to purchase 100% of their shareholdings and 70% of their shareholdings. When the deal was completed, the merchant ship was expected to take control of the shares.
Holdings, re-marketing and re-loading of foreign and Chinese shipments, and further focusing of company operations on oil and gas and dry bulk transport cores. First, the world’s leading shipowners, Vlcc, and Vloc, are doing business all over the world.
The Department of Commerce and Industry, Energy Transport Co. Ltd. (merchant ship 601872.sh), which is based on two main industries: oil and gas transport, dry bulk transport, container transport, rolling of vehicles, other fleets such as special transport, as an organic complement, covers the transport of oil, gas, dry bulk transport, roll-on and container transport.
Transport of oil: The company ' s vlcc fleet was the world ' s first in size. By the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company owned 59 tankers with a combined capacity of 16,876.5 million tons, of which Vlcc had a combined capacity of 52 and a combined capacity of 1,611.07 million tons.
Bulk transport: The company ' s vloc fleet was the largest in the world. By the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company operated 120 bulk carriers with a combined capacity of 21,287.5 million tons. Of these, 34 were owned by vloc and 3 were operated with a combined capacity of 1,443.87 million tons.
Equity structure: Holding shareholders take ownership of 54.02 per cent of the fleet, with the ultimate controlling party being the Commissariat Group. Operations: oil and bulk operations have a prominent core position. From the company ' s own fleet structure: in 2023, the company had its own fleet capacity of 3788.76 million ships.
The ship continued to contribute about 44 per cent of its capacity, and the bulk ship continued to contribute about 49 per cent of its capacity.In terms of the company ' s cargo structure: 218 million tons of container-free cargo were delivered in 2023, an increase of 4.96 per cent over the same period. Of this, the tanker fleet contributed about 40 per cent of its cargo, while the dry bulk fleet contributed about 40 per cent.
In 2023, the company's collection structure: 2023, the company's tanker transport, bulk ship transport, container transport, roller transport, total profit structure: 2023, the company's tanker transport, bulk ship transport, container transport, roller shipping.
II. Shipwreck transport: high performance linked td3c route prices, high cycle volatility. By the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company had 59 self-owned tankers with a combined capacity of 16,876.5 million heavy tons, of which 52 vlcc, with a capacity of more than 95 per cent, remained stable. The company ' s tanker fleet was engaged in international crude oil transport operations.
Industry transport demand is influenced by crude oil production, consumption, prices, etc., and transport distance demand is influenced by multilateral politics and economic games, while changes in the size of the supply end fleet generally lag behind changes at the end of demand, resulting in more cyclical prices for the industry. By route, the volume of crude oil shipping along the Middle East’s Asia-Pacific route is stable as a proportion of global external crude oil trade.
In 30 to 35 per cent of the area, the route of response td3c is the main vlcc route, while the distance lease mode recognizes revenue after the completion of the transport of the goods. The td3c single voyage takes about 50 days, and we shift the price of the td3c back 50 days, compared to the level of revenue and net profit from the public tankers ' transport operations.
2.1 International crude oil shipping industry: The mismatch between supply and demand leads to a strong cyclical pattern of international crude oil shipping industry business: supply and demand structures are influenced by multiple factors and profit cycles are highly volatile. Shipping demand for crude oil originates mainly from regional inequalities in crude oil sales. Crude oil production and consumption levels determine countries ' crude oil import and export trade
The road structure of international crude oil shipping is determined by factors such as ease, superposition of geographical location, transport conditions, etc. Industry revenues are based on a market-based pricing, with costs ranging from depreciation to ship charter to fuel costs, and performance is determined mainly by shipping prices, while industry transport prices are determined mainly by supply and demand structures.
At the end of the demand end, the indicators include, inter alia, the volume of shipments, which are mainly influenced by the production, consumption, prices, etc. of crude oil; the distance depends mainly on the structure of crude oil supply and demand in each region, and is highly influenced by multilateral politics and economic games. In the United States, Brazil, etc., the trend of expansion of crude oil production has been compounded by the loss of crude oil in China and India.
At the supply end, the indicators include, inter alia, fleet size and speed. New ship delivery and oil tanker power release can increase the size of the industry fleet, while the dismantling of older ships will lead to a contraction in the size of the industry fleet.
Crude oil production: The Middle East maintains its major share, with the United States and Brazil gradually expanding. In 2023, global crude oil production reached 82.76 million barrels per day, an increase of 1.69 per cent, compared to 0.83 per cent in 2000-2023. Middle East oil-producing areas maintained their core position: the Middle East region achieved 26.27 million crude oil production in 2023.
Drums/day account for 31.75% of global crude oil production, which has been around 30% since 2000, and are the highest in all regions of the world. To avoid imbalances in oil supply and demand, and to maintain oil prices and related economic interests, major oil-producing countries in the Middle East, such as Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and the United Arab Emirates, tend to produce below-time oil prices.
In 2023, oil production in the Middle East was 0.85%, just above the global level of 0.02 percentage points. US production expanded positively and is now at the top of the world: thanks to the shale oil revolution since 2010, which led to the development of oil extraction techniques, the cost of shale oil extraction in the United States was significantly reduced, and crude oil production expanded at a high rate.
In the United States, crude oil production reached 12.93 million barrels per day, rising from 8.50 per cent in 2000 to 15.62 per cent in 2023, which has been the highest in all countries since 2019. Brazil’s output has grown at a sharper rate, with cagr being the world’s highest in 2000-2023.
In 2023, Brazil achieved 3.4 million barrels per day of crude oil production, rising its share of global production from 1.80 per cent in 2000 to 4.11 per cent in 2023, with cagr leading the growth in crude oil production in the United States, Brazil, etc.
Crude oil consumption: the global concentration shift from Europe and America to China, India, and Asia and the Pacific. In 2023, the global refinery plus was 82.99 million barrels per day, an increase of 1.60% compared to the previous year and 0.88% in 2000-2023.
The focus of refining crude oil gradually shifted to Asia and the Pacific and the Middle East: in 2000, North America, Asia and the Pacific, and Europe were the core areas of global demand for crude oil, contributing 26.59 per cent, 26.26 per cent, and 21.03 per cent of global refinery processing, respectively. As economic globalization deepened, the economies of Asia and the Pacific and the Middle East increased their demand for crude oil.
In 2000-2023, Asia-Pacific refinery processing grew by 11.04 percentage points to 37.30 per cent globally, while in the Middle East it grew by 2.63 percentage points to 11.27 per cent globally.
The proportion rose from 5.99 per cent to 18.20 per cent, the world ranking was from 3 to 2, and the difference in the United States ranking 1 decreased from 16.21 to 1.04 percentage points; Indian refinery processing was raised from 3.01 per cent to 6.33 per cent, and the world ranking was from 7 to 4.
Figure 13: China, India, leading the world in terms of the increase in processing of crude oil: with the Middle East – China at its core, the United States – Asia and the Pacific is expected to take a long average distance. Considering that pipelines or railways and automobiles can be used to transport oil between regions or borders, we believe that it is trans-regional and regional.
There is a rigid demand for shipping along non-border transport routes. By region, global crude oil shipping focuses on three main routes: the Middle East – Asia and the Pacific, North America – Europe, North America – Asia and the Pacific. The Middle East – Asia and the Pacific – continues to contribute to crude oil; the share of external trade is 30 to 35 per cent: North America – Europe – North America – Asia – Asia and the Pacific – is growing rapidly and accounts for crude oil.
Asia-Pacific routes to the US are about 1.7, 2.2 times the distance between the Middle East and Asia-Pacific, and between Europe and the United States, and are expected to expand slowly as America’s crude-oil exports to Asia and the Pacific increase. The seven regions of the Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific are synthesizing the movement of crude oil between regions and summing up the main transport routes.
The Middle East – Asia-Pacific route: China is the core importer. In the Middle East – Asia-Pacific route, according to importing countries – the Middle East – China route achieved 261 million tons of external crude oil trade in 2023, Cagr in 2016-2023 – 5.12 per cent, Asia-Pacific route level 5.39 percentage points above the Middle East – 5.06 percentage points above the global level.
The share of foreign trade in crude oil on the Middle East’s Asia-Pacific route rose from 25.17 per cent in 2016 to 2023 in North America’s Europe-Asia-Pacific route: the United States as the core exporter. Among these, the United States’ Asia-Pacific route achieved 77 million tons of foreign trade in crude oil in 2023, and the capgr reached 74.05 per cent in 2016-2023, exceeding global water.
3.64% of the year. Given the distance factor, we expect the United States to have a global demand for crude oil shipping on the Asia-Pacific route. Figure 16: Structure of external trade in crude oil on the North American-European route - country-by-country distribution of crude oil shipping routes: focus on the td3c, td25, td22 route.
Of the bdti components, the Middle East-China route corresponds mainly to td3c, the United States-European route to td25 and the United States-Asia-Pacific route to td22.
The Middle East, Asia and the Pacific, North America, Europe.
North America, Asia and the Pacific, 2023 tons of crude oil and 718 million tons, or 33.76 per cent
The weight of global trade, bdti, represents the route, the starting point of the route.
Rastamura, Saudi Arabia. Houston, United States. Houston, United States.
Rotterdam, the Netherlands, stands for the end of the route, Ningbo, China.
Ningbo, China. Main ship type. Panamax, Panama.
vlcc vlcc load distance
Approximately 11,100 nautical miles of global tanker supply: Limited capacity to deliver since 2022, but the willingness of the industry to build boats has picked up. Given that the ship-building process from the point of entry to delivery lasts about two years, changes in the size of the tanker fleet typically lag behind changes at the demand end.
The expansion of the tanker fleet depends largely on whether the expected operating value of the net increase in capacity is higher than the capital input required, and owners tend to sign new orders when the long-term profitability of new ships is greater, and to dismantle old ships when the residual value of the old ship is lower.
High transport prices were driven mainly by incremental demand that was difficult to adapt at the supply end in the short term: in 2003-2008, China increased its demand for oil-based trade; in 2014-2016, opc, the United States continued to increase its crude oil production, and in 2022, trade caused by the Russian-Turkish conflict re-engineer global demand for oil-related trade.
At this stage, the willingness of the industry to build a ship is based on the persistence of high shipping prices: in 2003-2008, the industry was more active in signing a new bill; in the short term, the owners tended to use second-hand tankers to respond to demand, pushing the prices of second-hand tankers up.
As a result of the conflict, the persistence of high shipping prices on this ship has led to a resurgence in the willingness of the industry to build ships, and the share of tankers in hand orders has risen from 7.50 per cent in January 2022 to 14.00 per cent in January 2025.
High, and less profitable. The industry’s willingness to continue to operate old ships is even lower when the prices are low. 2.2 Company tanker operations: operating the world’s first vlcc fleet, with high-value connections in financial performance. Company tanker fleet: number one in the world with the capacity of the vlcc fleet. As of the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company had its own oil.
The cost structure of the company's tanker transportation costs: fuel costs, depreciation of ships, combined crew costs, stable at 75 per cent ~ 80 per cent.In 2023, the cost of the company's tanker transport was $5,835 million, an increase of 1.62 per cent over the same period.
The company ' s tanker fleet was dominated by a vlcc fleet, which, as of the end of the first half of 2024, was mainly placed on the spot and on short-term rental markets, the Afraframax fleet charter market and the Pool/ spot price levels. Taking into account the volume of crude oil shipping along the Asia-Pacific route in the Middle East,
The share of global crude oil foreign trade has stabilized between 30 and 35 per cent, with the range td3c being the main vlcc route, while the distance lease mode recognizes revenue after the completion of the shipment, and the td3c single voyage time is about 50 days, and we have shifted the price of td3c back 50 days, compared with the level of revenue and net profit from the company ' s tanker transport operations.
iii. Bulk ship transport: import support demand for iron ore, coa limit cycle volatility, as of the end of the third quarter of 2024, the company had 93 bulk carriers with a combined capacity of 18,8595 million heavy tonnes, of which 34 vloc, with a steady capacity of around 70%. The company ' s bulk fleet is focused on iron ore transport.
We are the world’s leading producer of rough steel, dependent on approximately 82% of raw materials for imports of iron ore, and highly dependent on shipping to support the demand for iron ore shipping. By the end of the first half of 2024, the company’s bulk fleet maintained appropriate short-term lock-in, based on 100% long-term coa lock-ups in the Vloc fleet, and the watchful capesize, among others, and we believe that the lease is locked in.
Limited volatility in the net profit cycle of the company ' s bulk carrier operations. 93 bulk carriers were owned by the company at the end of the third quarter of the year, with a combined capacity of 18,595 million heavy tons, of which the number of vloc was 34 and its capacity was stable at close to 70 per cent.
Thirty-seven. Considering that vloc is the company ' s dominant vessel, we believe that the company ' s bulk fleet might focus on iron ore shipping. The demand for iron ore shipping is enormous: the country is a global leader in crude steel production, with about 82 per cent dependence on imports of raw materials and a high degree of dependence on shipping for imports.
In 2024, global crude steel production reached 1,881 million tons, of which China produced 1,005 million tons, and in 2004-2024, cagr reached 6.74 per cent, exceeding the global level of 3.84 percentage points. China’s crude steel production was the world’s highest in 1996 and accounted for the world’s share.
From 12.31 per cent in 1993 to 53.42 per cent in 2024, our iron ore reserves amounted to about 10 per cent of the world's total, but their grade was only 34.50 per cent below the world average, and our iron ore imports were huge: in 2022, Chinese iron ore imports reached 1,108 million tons, benefiting from steel.
The country ' s iron ore imports are highly shipping-dependent: by region, our imports of iron ore are mainly from Oceania, Central and South Africa.
In the Americas, the combined share rose from 67.51 per cent in 2006 to 86.54 per cent in 2023, and factors such as distance and efficiency of transport determine our heavy dependence on shipping for iron ore imports.
The cost structure of the company ' s bulk ship transport: the cost of fuel, the depreciation of the ship, and the combined cost of the crew were within 40 to 60 per cent of the area. In 2023, the cost of the company ' s tanker transportation was $5,794 million, a decline of 37.65 per cent, with the cost of fuel, the depreciation of the ship and the cost of the crew being 28.78 per cent, 15.03 per cent and 14.52 per cent, respectively.
There is limited volatility in the net profit cycle of the company ' s bulk carrier fleet. The company ' s bulk fleet is dominated by vloc. By the end of the first half of 2024, the company ' s bulk fleet maintained an appropriate short-term lock-in, based on 100% long-term coa locking of the fleet of vloc fleets, and the watchful capesize, among other fleets, we believe the lease is locked into the company ' s bulk ship transport industry.
(d) Other operations: ng transport profits are stable, eng transport plans are broken down into the public market. eng transport operations by companies such as fully-owned subsidiaries engaged in air and gas operations, ng, and joint companies such as Clng.
By the end of the third quarter of 2024, 22 lang ships under the Clng flag had been tied up and continued to contribute to their performance. Financial performance showed that the net profits of the company lang for the quarter remained close to $160 million, with a robust overall performance.
In June 2024, the company announced that Antón Holdings was about to issue shares for the purchase of 100% of the shareholdings and 70% of the shareholdings. After the transaction was completed, the merchant ship was expected to hold the shareholdings and bring them back to the market, and the company’s operations would be further focused on the core industries of gas and gas transportation and dry bulk transport.
4.1lng Transport: The Clng fleet has been tied up to contribute to a stable profit and foreign trade lang market demand has increased steadily. The global foreign trade volume of lng reached 54,8707 million cubic metres in 2023, an increase of 1.75 per cent, and cagr of 6.10 per cent in 2000-2023. In the context of a steady increase in foreign trade, lng reached 2023.
Global lang maritime turnover reached 175,609 million nautical miles, an increase of 3.71 per cent over the same period, and the 2000-2023 capr company lang transport business consisted mainly of wholly-owned subsidiaries engaged in air and gas operations and joint companies clng. Of this, by the end of June 2024, cmlng had identified a total of 28 new lang shipments to be invested in transport projects.
Lost ships; Clng held 50% of all merchant ships and mid- and long-range marine energy. By the end of the third quarter of 2024, 22 lang ships under the Clng flag had been tied up and continued to contribute to their performance.
4.2 Container transport, roll-on transport: planned to be marketed, companies will focus further on the two-core main industry Container transport, roll-on transport operations, respectively, to be carried by fully-owned subsidiaries, and hold-owned subsidiaries will engage in commercial loading, which will be carried out by merchant ships with 70 per cent and 30 per cent respectively. In June 2024, vendors will be invited to take on 70 per cent and 30 per cent respectively.
When the deal is completed, the merchant ship is expected to become the controlling shareholder of the Antxon Consort, and is expected to be the owner of the Antxon Consort.
Merchant ships will focus further on the two main industries: the two mains for merchant ships: oil and gas transport, dry bulk transport, and the container transport operations for both Chinese and foreign carriers, as well as the rolling-over of vehicles.
There are differences in business models, industry cycles, and customer resources from the core industry of merchant vessels. After this break-up, the main structure of merchant ships and split subsidiaries becomes clearer, allowing merchant ships to go one step closer to strategic management, pooling of resources, and the characteristics of oil and gas transport, dry bulk transport.
There is a high degree of synergy between China and China in shipping, commercial loading, and Antómón control operations: Antómón Holdings, with container shipping logistics at its core, provides a container logistics solution through the integration of transport resources such as waterways, roads, railways, etc. The acquisition of an MTP will significantly increase the size of Antómón's container shipping operations, while engaging in a roll-over.
There are synergies with the AntCorporate and Bulk Merchant Shipping operations. This split has limited impact on the profitability of the original container shipping and roller shipping: after this split is completed, the Chinese and foreign shipping, roller-loading, will become an AntC subsidiary, and it is expected that the engagement of merchant ships will remain indirect.
The financial position and profitability of the two companies holding the bid will continue to be reflected in the combined report of the merchants, which are expected to be phased out for the profits of the merchants, the merchants, and the rollers. In terms of the collection structure, the container, rollers and rollers together accounted for the company ' s revenues in 2023.
27.46 per cent; in terms of net profit structure, in 2023 container transport, rolling transport together accounted for the company's net profits
Oil tanker transport: constrained by insufficient domestic demand for crude oil, the first three quarters of 2024 received the same proportion of the company's tanker shipments. Bulk ship transport: the first three quarters of 2024 received the same net profit from the company's bulk ship transport operations in comparison with the profit from investment, and the fleet has been tied up, we believe, in 2025.
The company's operations are divided into five major plates for tanker, bulk ship, eng, roll-on and container transport. Given the cyclicality of the plates, we use segment valuations: 1. Tanker transport plates: valuation using replacement cost methods, we measure the value of the plates at $37,748 million.
We assume that the transaction price is linear in relation to the ship ' s age, based on the price of second-hand trading in the year end 2025 and the dismantling price of the vessel ' s vessels in 5, 10, 15 and 20 years of age, as well as the company ' s own tanker fleet in late January 2025, which calculates the value of the company ' s tanker fleet ' s second-hand trading market at $4,831 million, approximately $35,309 million yuan,
In the company ' s financial data for the first half of 2024, we measured the company ' s oil tanker plate at a value of $37,748 million.
The fleets, such as the Cape Cape Capesize, maintain appropriate short-term lock-in, and we believe that the lease locks in support of the company’s bulk cargo. The shipping operations have limited performance cycles and are valued using the pb method. The company’s bulk cargo transport is operated by Hong Kong Minghua, a wholly-owned subsidiary, and, as of the end of the first half of 2024, the net assets of the company’s bulk vessel fleet were assumed to be $15,903 million.
The plate pb, which is the same as the national dry bulk shipping listing company, has a sea-to-sea development pb, based on the collection price on 13 February 2025, which is 2.05 times the value of the sea-to-air development pb (ly), and we measure the value of the company ' s bulk ship transport plate at $32.608 billion.
Taking into account that the company lang transport profits are mainly from Clng, which holds 50% of the share in the economy of the Middle and Far Seas, the ship has been tied to the project, which is less cyclical, and we use the pe-based valuation method. Based on our profit projections, the company ng transport plate 2024-2026 returns a net profit of approximately 6.5, 700, and 750 million yuan, respectively. Assuming that the plate corresponds to the energy of the Middle and Far Seas.
We measure the market value of the company ' s lang transport plate at $12,539 million, based on the collection price on February 13, 2025, which was 19.29 times the value. 4. Container transport plate: using pb, we measure the value of the plate at $4,095 million.
The company container transport plate is operated by a fully-owned subsidiary, which operates from the middle to the south and the south, and is based on the best routes in Asia, and is scheduled to be sold to Antón Holdings. As of the end of the first half of 2024, the net assets of the company container transport plate were 2,485 million yuan. Assuming that the company container transport plate pb is working with the same main Asian regional container shipping operation, Jinjiang Shipping, Ningjiang
The market value of the ocean is the same as the weighted average pb, based on the collection of prices on 13 February 2025, with a weighted average of 1.65 times the value of the Hong Kong Shipping, Ningpo Ocean City, and we measure the value of the company container transport plate at $4.09 billion. 5. Rolling transport plate: using the pb method, we measure the value of the plate at $1,058 million.
By the end of the first half of 2024, the company's rollable transport plate, which is operated by a 70% holding subsidiary, is planned to be sold to Antxon Holdings, and its net asset is $1,058 million. As there is no suitable comparable listing company, we assume that rollable transport block pb is one times the value of the pb, which corresponds to $1,058 million.
The company ' s current market value comparison sub-division valuation results: based on our valuation of the sub-divisions of tanker, bulk vessel, eng, roll and container transport plates, the market value of the company is our rating of our investment in merchant ships: the company ' s business plates are large, resulting from the valuation of the sub-divisions for individual plates.
There may be a trade-off between the fractional valuation results and the actual market value. Given the company’s vanguard status, opc+ crude oil production is higher than expected: the production of opc+ crude oil has a decisive impact on global demand for crude oil, and global demand for crude oil shipping is less than expected if the drop in crude oil production is higher.
The size of the fleet is higher than expected: the release of oil transport price elasticity is based on the slow expansion of the fleet, the elasticity of global freight prices if the fleet expands beyond expectations. Environmental regulation is less than expected: environmental regulation limits the supply capacity of oil transport, if enforced.
Geopolitical risks: international tanker shipping involves multinational trade relations, geopolitical risks or major areas of transport, such as shipping, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, new wealth inflows in 2021 and 2022.
In 2023, she joined the organization, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc. In 2024, she joined the organization, which is responsible for research in the courier, logistics, road, etc. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, linked to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.