Stemming technology motagetechnology (68808ch) ddr5 migration/new product offsets the weakness of pc/server ddr5migration/newproductstooffsetpc/serverweakness
This report is a translation of the English version of the report released on August 11th. 1 billion yuan is recorded as a 14% increase in the quarterly round. The net profit is 375 million yuan.
The sapphirerapids have been delayed, but we believe that the rapid growth of technology in ddr5 migration and the performance of new products, including ckd, mcr, mxc, pcie, cpu/ai, have remained stable for 23 years. We maintain 2022e/23e operating income.
The average dynamic market gain of one year is 50 times the rate (23 years). Despite the slippage of sapphirerapid, ddr5 is still a “salepoint”: according to our inspection, Sapphirerapicpu in Intel is expected to start heading towards odm by the end of the fourth quarter of 22 years.
Delivery. We expect odm to start in the first quarter of 2023 and increase further in the second quarter of 23. On the other hand, by the end of the fourth quarter of 22, odm appears to have a firmer mp schedule with genoacpu at md.
Delayed, by the end of 2022/2023, we have slightly reduced the ddr5 penetration rate to 18/45. However, we believe that the ddr5 migration remains the main driving force behind technology for the next three years.
Although demand is weak, pc has huge opportunities: we now project global pc shipments in 22 years, amounting to 315 million, and the data show a decline of 8.4 per cent from the previous year, as demand remains weak after the new crown, but since the new pc platform meteorlake is about to come out in the second half of 23 years.
Station, ckd (Clock Driver) has great potential on pc. The technology pcckd was designed in the first half of 2022 and is expected to start streaming in the second half of 2022. As new integrated circuit interfaces, including spd, pmic, ckd, etc., become more mature, pc
Sam’s business is expected to be more supportive of 25 years of technological growth than that of a US server. So we believe that, with its leading position, technology is showing strong performance growth in the personal computer market.
New products contribute to medium- and long-term growth: in addition to the increase in ckd and zinacpu, we expect medium- and long-term growth in technology to be driven by its new products, including 1) db demand; 2) pcie rescheduler: the company expects its pcie 5.0 samples to be 22 years old
The delivery of goods in the second half of the year will attract more customers with the deployment of the new platform pcie 5.0; 3) mxc: The company launched its first mxc worldwide in May 22, and Light expects to deliver the slides from 2025 to the second half of the year, 23 years of sample delivery and 24 years of collection.
Development of new products slows down, 3) local cpu demand drops.
yangzhou