q3 performance pressure, accelerated deployment of overseas production capacity Declines in profitability affected by component prices and continued improvement in operating cash flow due to continued downswings in component prices and a decline in corporate profitability of 24q3 and a Māori ratio of 24q3
The company's cash flow continued to improve, and after a net outflow of 24q1, there was a two-quarter operating cash flow.
Billions of dollars, reflecting good corporate and supply chain control capabilities. Accelerated deployment of overseas production capacity, promising to avoid trade risks \triangleright
To further address the international trade risks associated with overseas policy changes, the company's forward-looking deployment of 1gw batteries, components and 5gw components in Indonesia and the United States is expected to start production in the second half of 2024.
In the case of the Wang Ixi project, the company has signed a letter of intent that will steadily and in due course promote the company’s continued global branding and channel advantage, depending on the global market and the trading environment, and that the output of its components is expected to increase.
1. The semi-annual report of Trina (688599.sh) in 2024 accelerates the deployment of such operations as photovoltaics, scaffolds, storage, etc., which are expected to provide some support to the company ' s performance.
Business repertoire: performance against expectations \triangleright
3. Tri-quarterly reporting point for 2023 for co-location competitiveness - 2024/04/28 3. Price volatility of raw materials, climate volatility in downstream industries, increased competition in industry, risk of impairment of assets, international trade
4. Trina Trina (688599.sh) semi-annual report 2023.
Quarterly reviews: Deepening the integration landscape is more profitable, allowing the methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, and the report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.