q3 of the low-priced industrial chain performance, multi-business synergy net profit - 1.07 billion yuan, a loss on the same year.
1,467 million yuan, with increased losses. Multi-operational synergies through the cycle. 2024.9.1.
The low-priced components of the industry chain are undervalued to reduce their performance. q3 light-voltage component prices continue to decline, companies are under pressure for profitability, and the sales ratio has fallen by $360-120 million, mainly due to loss of impairment of fixed assets and loss of stock price.
In 2023, to enhance the resilience of the cluster operations, the company pre-positioned the Indonesian base (1gw battery, 1gw cell) in Indonesia.
In the second half of 2024, it is expected to help companies deal effectively with global trade risks and remain competitive in high-profit markets.
The profit point supports the expectation of increased risk resistance. The company is committed to building photovoltaic smart energy, the overall solution provider, a subsidiary with a global ranking of rich distribution systems, and a higher level of profitability: support operations cover China, Europe, North America,
Major global photovoltaic markets such as South America, Asia and the Pacific, and North Africa in the Middle East have made major breakthroughs in overseas markets such as Brazil, Uz Bekistan, and New Zealand in the first half of the year: storage capacity has grown steadily, global smart energy operations have moved to a high-quality growth period.
By providing multi-profit-point support, the Division will gradually release profits, which are expected to enhance companies’ resilience to cyclical waves, and enable companies to become suppliers of integrated energy solutions.
The growth in layout, scaffolding, storage of multi-operational synergies, and the maintenance of “buy-in” evaluations exacerbates the risk that downstream demand will fall short of expectations: the risk of significant exchange rate fluctuations.