By 2020, we're going to be over-expected, and we're going to continue to benefit from the high growth of the apple cycle.
Fu Chu-hoon, with high expectations and innovation in 2020, benefited from the surge in Apple Cycles, and we believe that the strong demand for apples and improvements in corporate revenue structures are the main reasons for this.
The Division is an important supplier for Apple, and we're estimating that the future iphone business will be more than 230 million global shipments from the iphone series in the year, which is expected to be 15% higher than in the year. With the change cycle, supply chain orders will be strong, and 5g technology will be available at the same time.
To further increase the single machine value of company products in iphones; in addition to iphones, smart applewatch devices such as airpods and applewatch will also be important growth points for companies in recent years, looking at a faster growth in company performance in 2021q1 and in the future.
The pcb sector is expected to grow back, and the company will benefit fully as a global pcb leader. According to the Prismark data, the global market size of the pcb sector was $61.3 million in 2019, a 1.7 per cent decline compared to the previous year.
Looking ahead, the global pcb sector is expected to return to growth as downstream demand, including computers, telecommunications equipment, consumer electronics, and automobiles, recovers. Prismark expects the global pcb industry to remain more than 5% fast in 2021-2024.
5.4% of companies are the world’s largest pcb manufacturer, with a global pcb market share of 6%. The fpc market is over 23%, and the fpc of the 5g era is better able to adapt to high line density, low space, low loss, good reliability, etc., and is expected to rise in future prices and companies.
Positive layouts, car electronics, etc., open space for future growth, expand the ultra-hdi layout, raise investment to $5 billion in the 3rd Precinct of Huai An, and some of the products will be used in the future miniled backlight module of ipad and macbook.
We believe that the use of the miniled backlight is about to become widespread, and that its penetration rate will boost the price of ultra-hdi, one of the few manufacturers that has mastered the miniled back-light circuit technology, and that it will gain new growth dynamics in the future. At the same time, the company is actively setting up the steam.
In the future, the hardboard is also expected to be an important growth pole, opening up, and the future soft plate is expected to fly on two wings, and the current valuation is significantly lower than that of comparable companies, maintaining the "Pull Deepness of the Company: The Apple Gold Cycle will drive the company's performance."
Corporate Review: The November harvest exceeded expectations and will benefit significantly from the iPhone switch cycle. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has passed.
There is no, present, or future direct or indirect relevance to the specific recommendations or perspectives of this report. Macro-level grasping, top-down mining of investment opportunities in different segments of the industry chain and in different industries; deeper understanding of the industry’s climate and changes in the industry’s chain; better understanding of marginality, change, and cyclicalization; and exploring potential investment targets with a unique perspective.
The Chinese Academy of Sciences joined the China Galaxy Certificate Institute in 2018, mainly in electronics and science and technology. It worked for the Space Science and Technology Group.