Information technology hardware and equipment are not afraid of the epidemic, investment projects are helping to grow, revenues are growing robustly, and profits are subject to short-term disturbances by exchange rates. In 2020, they benefited from the smartphone core.
Improved customer readiness strategies, as well as the bright delivery of new 5g machines, corporate communications board revenues increased by 6.57 per cent to $21,205 million, and the outbreak-led online entertainment and online office growth led to an increase in the volume of goods delivered by core customers, i.e. tablets, laptops, etc.
Corporate revenue from the consumption of electronics and computer panels is also high. The same-year increase of 28.78 per cent, the company as a whole has successfully met its annual revenue targets. Corporate exchange losses increased significantly, to $238 million gross, as a result of the unilateral depreciation of the dollar in the second half of the year.
Total stock/flow (million shares) interest rates have also declined, and without considering the impact of the exchange rate, companies should have a year-round performance target that is smooth.
As a result of market adjustments, negative rumours about the apple chain are also greater, but in the case of the industrial chain, the iphone 12 reduction is concentrated mainly on the low price version of the Mini, and, in the case of the punctuated shares (002938), the iphone 12 reduction is mainly based on the low price version of the mini version.
New products, new downstream additions, incremental orders are actually transferred to better 12 and 12 pros, while high-end machines, bricks and tiles -- 2020/08/12.
The volume of single machines for the Chinese slp type of product is actually higher, so the mini minus on the company's doppelganger holdings (002938), the real impact of smooth delivery and the expected deviation from most investors at this stage, as far as the industrial chain is concerned, is concerned.
In light of the high tariffs imposed by the Government of India only on the entire aircraft, the need for local assembly packages in India is low, and the company's Indian plant will be able to use the same equipment.
In the first half of 2021, under the advanced process of production, there is no need to worry about the need to regulate living conditions according to the real economic and market environment. The pessimism generated by the negative rumours is expected to be released.
After that, the mood in the fruit chain is expected to stabilize, and the growth of the core suppliers will be fully recognized.
The product will be released, when the company’s production line in 2020 can climb smoothly, and income and performance growth is expected throughout the year. The product-based outreach capability is fully validated, and the strategic deployment vehicle is looking for a new blue sea.
Multi-type pcb production readiness, products for core clients have been expanded from various fpcs to certified code: high-end hdi (slp) and ultra thinhdi products, company-driven critical preparation processes and know-how
Without fear of a steady epidemic, the investment project has grown up with the approval of a core client, and based on a strong technical capability, the company has begun to make a breakthrough in the area of cars and pcb: adas is a steady and continuous amount of acads.
The company’s expansion in the vehicle area will further open up its own growth space. Major suppliers, in the current trend, fpc and slp are using single machines in mobile phones.
The volume is still rising, and the demonstration effect of important international clients will double the company’s ability to develop front-line brands in the country. Domestic brands that are less advanced in fpc and slp are driven by rising demand for intra-phone integration, as they are currently constrained by cost constraints, etc.
Beginning with the gradual introduction of slp, the company ' s card edge is expected to lead to a re-elevation of performance, and ultra thin hdi panels, motor panels and server boards are at the heart of the company ' s future elastic growth in performance (2) The import of slp by front-line brand manufacturers in the country is not as fast as expected: (3) the company ' s ipo project
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.