The Center for Medical Health Research, which is fast-disbursing the solar plate, is expected to pick up the core species in the second half of the year. On August 21, the Tsai newspaper released its semi-annual report for 2020h1 revenue of $3.246 billion, compared to the same amount.
Growth of 12.16 per cent; net profit attributable to mother, 865 million yuan; increase of 15.84 per cent over the same period; deduction of net profit from non-motherhood; slight increase in the value of the pharmaceutical section and rapid release of the solar plate: medical plate, 2020h1, 43.37 per cent, increase of 1 95 per cent over the same period; operating income, 2.78 billion yuan, increase of 7.71 per cent over the same period.
The revenue from block 2020h1 was $453 million, an increase of 49.37 per cent over the same period; the income from block 1 went up to 1. " Performance meets expectations, performance is robust, fast-paced, end-energized.
The laboratory services are also part of the offline communication visit and customize the unique individualization programme.
3. “Performance meets expectations, the solar panels will continue to grow in the future, and the income share is expected to rise further, after a single quarter of core products have become available.
Counting that the company's core product of 2020h1 is about 1.35 billion yuan in revenue, and that's a dollar/particle increase, and the price increase is going to show, and the company's profitability is going to be raised, and we're looking at the fact that it's not going to expand its channels, increase its sales, and have a higher future market space.
Continued investment in research and development and active construction of innovation systems: companies are working on 11 new drug projects, pzh 2310 and pzh 2312, which have submitted applications for listing and entered the supplementary information section; research on the system for upgrading the varieties of Xia Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao to increase the ability to treat liver cancer
We anticipate policy risks; the development of corporate day-to-day operations less than expected; the supply of raw materials; and the volatility of prices, given the rapid recovery of core business after the epidemic and the progressive marketing of new products.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment