A single-season operating income of 1,532 million yuan; 8.64 per cent increase in the same year; net profit return of 397 million yuan, an increase of 16.01 per cent in the same year; and company performance in line with expectations.
The Department's pharmaceutical industry achieved business income of 1.395 billion yuan (+17.01 per cent), of which hepatic diseases were used billions (-0.28 per cent), the circulation of medicines affected by the epidemic slowed down, and the pharmaceutical boards, home-based dental care companies, realized operating income of $758.4 million (+0.68 per cent) and net profit.
$8.5 million (+299%). In recent years, companies have continued to increase their sales of inputs to solarized subsidiaries, and with the increasing branding effect, the company’s solar panels are expected to maintain a rich variety of high-quality products.
At the same time, there are many other areas of development, such as Chinese medicine, high-end generics, and innovative medicines. The company has now completed its control of the drug industry, with $4.448 million in accumulated funds to acquire 51% of the drug industry.
In the development of new drugs, the company has 11 new drug projects, new drugs for general anxiety, pzh1204, treatment of the intestine.
Psychic syndrome pzh1201, the new drug pzh1203 for the treatment of osteoporosis, has entered the clinical phase; pzh2310, pzh2312, i.e., has submitted applications for listing and eligibility for entry. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.