Shinjiyama's testimony, 9 days in China, leading the country's eda industry, and the country's birth replacements.
14 September 2022 The only one in the country that has achieved analogue circuit design and tablet displaying the entire process coverage of the circuit design eda, with a good product layout and a steady and rapid growth in performance.
The most complete eda tool provider for domestic product lines has achieved full process coverage for analogue circuit design eda and fpd design eda, partial node coverage for digital circuit design eda, and partial node coverage for crystal-made eda tools.
A tool-wide process company, with its rising market share in the country, a strong technological power that has led to a sustained growth of public-sector clients and a sustained increase in the size of the user base that has led to rapid growth in corporate revenue and profits.
Security, autonomy, controllability of domestic eda market growth, and domestic eda manufacturers are right. Global eda market size is rising steadily, driven by technological overlaps and demand in many downstream areas that benefit from advanced processes.
Basic data: On 30 June 2022, 93.1 million yuan, China accounted for 6% of the domestic eda market and was the fourth largest eda tool in the domestic market. The country’s focus on integrated circuits as a whole and on the eda sector has increased in recent years.
Incentive and supportive regulatory policies. And, with the impact of friction in international trade, industry has become more aware of the urgency and necessity of our eda industry.
The market space for domestic eda manufacturers will continue to grow, as will the market space for domestic eda manufacturers.
The company’s market share will continue to rise. As a leader of the country’s eda, the company’s advantage is clear. First, the product layout is perfect, and the company is now the most complete provider of the eda tool in the country’s product line.
Li Sulu Fong Head: Second, the company's core technology is a national and partly an international leader. The company has taken over the original panda system's main eda technology, and has continued to focus on the area of eda since its inception, and has participated many times.
Research and development (R & D) has continued to grow on major national topics. Through the continuous evolution of core technologies, companies have acquired a number of core technologies and have developed industry-led technical advantages in the field of eda tools and related services; and third, fund-raising projects will further improve product layout and upgrade core technology levels.
1. Domestic eda leadership, years of deep farming, fast-track performance release of former Chinese conglomerate eda Enterprise, large national funds, etc.
The company mainly provides the eda tool software and related technology development services. The eda tool software includes the analogue circuit design full-flowed eda tool, the digital circuit design eda tool, the flatboard display (fpd, below) the full-flow eda and crystal-crystal manufacturing eda tool for integrated circuit design and manufacturing, including the testing of chip designs, semiconductor device test analysis, device model extraction, cell library design and
Storage compilers development and design support services, with 14.4 per cent of revenue in 2021, are complementary to the eda tool, which requires the use of the eda tool to enable effective and timely feedback on eda, and the continuous upgrading of the eda tool has enhanced the ability of companies to provide technical development services.
The company was founded in 2009 under the umbrella of the Chinese group, the Ministry of Industry. In order to carry out the major task of the country’s integrated circuit industry, “nuclear high-lying”, which was launched in 2008, the Chinese group established in 2009 a limited nine-day company based on the former eda department, with the Chinese group holding shareholders.
After the establishment of the company, four rounds of external financing were introduced to external investors such as the National Fund, the Small and Medium Enterprises Fund, and the Deep Investment Initiative. In March 2015, China’s electronics group was converted into a limited nine-day shareholder in a nine-day series of non-reimbursable transfers, and in December 2020 the company as a whole was changed to a limited-stock company.
Figure 2: The company was formerly the Ministry of eda under the banner of the Great China Group and, since its establishment in 2009, has undergone four external financings. The company has no controlling shareholders and actual controllers. China has a limited shareholding of 26.52 per cent, the company ' s first largest shareholder. China ' s Electronics and China ' s Electronics Corporation is a subsidiary of the Chinese Electronics Group. China ' s total shareholding is 39.62 per cent.
Stock platforms, with a shareholding of 22.04%. Currently, the company has its headquarters in Beijing, with wholly-owned subsidiaries in Nanjing, Shanghai, Chengdu and Shenzhen, and branches in Japan, Korea, South-East Asia, etc.
1.2 The R & D team has extensive experience in R & D and has a well-established R & D system.
Experts from the National Expert Group for the Implementation of Major Science and Technology, who worked hard for more than 30 years in the fields of eda and integrated circuit design, are leaders of the national industry, leaders of the eda industry, and framers of corporate research and development strategies. The company’s core technical staff are Liu Weiping, Yang Xiaodong, Tung Senhua, Land Otao, Zhu Nung Yong, experienced in research and development and management, and have many years of experience in the educative sector, including the University of Qinghua, the University of Gangan and the University of Secondary Education.
Figure 4: Core technical staff with many years of experience in the field of eda. Director Liu Weiping is the leading leader in the national industry. The research and development organization system is well developed. The research and development centre is the overall lead department for research and development, with the first centre, the second centre, the third centre, the product planning department and the quality inspection team. The first centre is responsible for the development of tools and simulation tools in the field related to digital circuit design; the second centre is responsible for modelling.
Tools development in areas related to the design of circuits and in areas related to the design of fpd; Centre 3 is responsible for the development of tools and technology development services in the field of transistor manufacturing. The Product Planning Department is involved in product functional design, which involves research and development and client communication and feedback tracking of products; the Quality Test Team is responsible for the validation and quality management of products.
Figure 5: Corporate R & D organization system, 75% R & D and technical staff, creating competitive advantages for companies. As of the end of 2020, there were 322 R & D workers in companies, mainly in R & D
At the end of 2021, 494 (74.85%) of the company’s R & D and technical staff, compared to 61% of the M & D staff.
By sub-product, in 2019-2021, the company-wide process eda achieved sales revenue of $126 million, $230 million and $352 million, respectively; the digital circuit design eda tool achieved sales income, respectively.
For 78 million yuan, 99 million yuan, and 87 million yuan; for crystal-made eda tools, sales revenue was 100 million yuan, 16 million yuan, 47 million yuan; for technology development services, sales revenue was 39 million yuan, 61 million yuan, and $82 million respectively; of this, the Māori rate for corporate eda tools was maintained at 100 per cent, and for technology development services 25.96 per cent, respectively, as a result of the R & D costing approach.
At a relatively low level, sales costs include mainly staff remuneration, operating expenses (travel transportation, advertising, and operating hospitality), and the advantages of 2019-2021 begin to highlight the continuing downward trend in the share of sales and management costs in operating income. Corporate R & D costs remain high. Corporate R & D costs include mainly employee remuneration, commission development, depreciation amortization, etc. 2019-2021.
Corporate R & D costs have continued their upward trend, with R & D costs of 135 million yuan, 183 million yuan, and 305 million yuan, or 52.5 per cent, 44.22 per cent and 52.57 per cent of operating income. Companies have fully costed their research and development expenditure on the eda tool in the current period to account for R & D costs, so their R & D costs have grown faster and remain consistently high.
2. Emerging applications boosted the growth of the market in eda, domestic eda manufacturers right away 2.1 The global eda market is dominated by foreign producers, and new applications drive the growth of the market in eda. The eda tool is a link and bridge linking the design and manufacture of integrated circuits and is the cornerstone of integrated circuit products. The eda tool is widely used.
Integrated circuit design, manufacturing and sealing are links and bridges linking the design and manufacture of the two links, and are important building blocks of the integrated circuit industry chain, which is the cornerstone of the integrated circuit industry. The global market size of the eda is currently about $11 billion, with the global $440 billion in integrated circuits, the market and nearly $2 trillion in electronic information are the cornerstones. In terms of the impact of the eda on integrated circuits, leverage is important.
The global market size of the global eda market (including the ip mandate) is $11,467 million, an increase of 11.63 per cent over the same year. The global market size of the eda market is steadily rising, benefiting from technological overlaps in advanced processes and a strong driver of demand in many downstream areas. As integrated circuits enter the post-Moor era, the integration and complexity of chips driven by Moore’s law continues to increase, and technologies such as 3d envelopes will bring new demand to the development of the eda tool.
Face, with the emergence of new applications such as artificial intelligence, object networking, cloud computing, etc., the complexity of chip technology and functionality is constantly increasing, requiring that the eda tool have a stronger back-up capacity for complex functional design, thus increasing the market space in the eda. The eda sector has a high market concentration, cadence, synopsys and Siemenseda, accounting for 78% of the global eda market;
By virtue of full-flow tools in some areas or by leading in some areas, companies such as China’s 9-day class are ranked in the second ladder of the global eda industry, accounting for 15 per cent of the global market; the rest of the firms are mainly focused on point tools in certain specific areas or uses, belonging to the third ladder, accounting for 7 per cent of the global market; and there is a clear gap between the overall size and product integrity of the third echelon and those of the first two echelons.
Figure 18: Global eda principals (2018), 2018-2020 2.2 Safe, autonomous, controlled to pull domestic eda market growth. Domestic eda manufacturers start later in time than foreign troikas. China eda started late in the 1970s and 1980s because of the ban imposed by the Paris Convergence Commission on China.
In 1994, however, the embargo on our eda tool was lifted in Batumi, while the foreign eda tool entered China in large numbers, and the domestic eda tool development and application, which lacked policy and market support, fell into decline. In April 2008, a major national science and technology project, “core electronics, high end common chips, and basic software products,” was launched.
Since the beginning of 2019, the semiconductor industry has gained significant capital-market inflows. China’s eda market has grown rapidly, and its share in the global eda market has continued to grow rapidly.
By 2020, China’s market size in the software industry grew from 5.74 billion yuan to 9.31 billion yuan, with a composite growth rate of 12.85%. With the continued ecological improvement in the domestic market, China’s market size will increase rapidly, and csia expects China’s market share to reach 18.1% in 2025 and 27.5% in 2030.
The company covered by the Process Tool, China’s 6% share of the domestic eda market in 2020, is the fourth largest eda tool in the domestic market. Other eda manufacturers in the country focus mainly on point tools in specific areas of disaggregation and now account for a smaller share of the domestic eda market.
Domestic integrated circuit companies, for reasons of safety and sustainability, have started or increased their acquisition of domestically produced eda tools that are competitive in international markets, and the market space for domestic eda manufacturers will continue to grow. In a context of limited time, finance, talent, and resources, domestic eda manufacturers want to achieve rapid breakthroughs that can evolve along two technological trends: Priority Breakthroughs.
The full process coverage of the subchip design application accelerates, to some extent, the process of national production substitution; or the core eda tool, which prioritizes breaking through the key link, seeks to create international influence and market competitiveness, breaking the monopoly of the international eda giant at the key link. As the only manufacturer in the country that achieves the full process coverage of analogue eda, the company naturally has a leading edge.
Figure 23: Two trends in the domestic eda industry: Priority is given to breaking through the full process coverage of some chip design applications, accelerating the process of substitution for national production of integrated circuits, and priority is given to breaking through some chip design applications.
It's been nine days since China has achieved full process coverage of analogue eda.
The eda tool, which prioritizes breaking through the key link, seeks to build international influence and market competitiveness, breaking the international eda monopoly at the key link, and breaking the key link.
This development path is consistent with the development of the top five eda companies around the world, which, after becoming competitive in the international market, continue to undertake R & D inputs and acquisitions to build solutions for key processes in a piecemeal manner and gradually expand market shares.
Some key elements such as Qualen Electronics, Xing Xin Xinner and others have been able to break through 3. Products, technology, etc., to expand corporate market space and raise investment projects to enhance core competitiveness, as the largest, most complete, integrated technology in the country in the context of rapid development of integrated circuits and national substitution.
The most powerful provider of the eda tool, the market share of the company’s products will continue to rise. 3.1 The only full-flow manufacturer of the simulating eda tool in the country, with a wealth of customer resources, has been focusing on the development of the eda tool since its inception in order to move the product forward at a faster rate than that of the foreign eda industry.
The company launched the first generation of time-series utility optimization tools from its inception in 2009; the company released a one-stop version of the Atlas Integration and Analysis Tool in 2010; the company released the first generation of the full-flowedda tool system for analogue circuit design in 2011; the company released a flatboard showing the full-flowed-eda tool system for electrical design in 2014; the company released a new generation of high-performance parallel circuit simulation tools in 2015; and the company released a high-precision time-series simulation tool, a new version in 2017
A generation-long time-series optimization tool and an off-the-shelf graphic design tool for displaying circuits on the panels: in 2018, the company launched the Crystal Production Engineering Service, and in 2018, the company released a new generation of full-flowed eda tool systems and process model extraction tools for analogue circuit design.The company is now the most complete eda tool provider for domestic product lines and has achieved analogue eda tool and fpd
The full process coverage of the eda tool, the partial node coverage of the digital circuit design eda tool, and the partial node coverage of the crystal-made eda tool.
Design and fpd design have already achieved coverage of design-wide process tools. Better data compatibility, precision consistency with platform-wide process products, and significantly lower cost of use and efficiency of use have enabled the manufacturer to provide a more competitive market advantage for full-flowed eda. Simulation circuit design eda tool consists mainly of schematic editing and layout editing tools, aether, circuit simulation tools.
Arps, physical validation tool argus, parasitic parameter extraction tool rcexporer and reliability analysis tool polas, all of which supports mature process design of 28 nm and above, and circuit simulation tool supports advanced process design of 5 nm to an international lead level, recognized by a large number of domestic and international clients. The company ' s flatboard displays the entire processeda tool system, including the fpd device model extraction tool, esimfpdmodel, fpd original
Logical editing and layout editing aetherfpd, fpd circuit simulation tool arppsfpd, fpd physical validation tool argusfpd, fpd parasite parameter extraction tool rcexplorerfpd, fpd reliability analysis tool artemisfpd, which can provide the eda tool at all stages of fpd design, is currently the only company in the global industry that can provide a full-flow flatboard display of eda design tool
Simulation chips are characterized by long life cycles and low reliance on advanced process processes, often with greater attention to design reliability and low disreputation, and are therefore usually more stable and mature. Most analogue chip products are still using mature process processes of 28 nm and above.
As the only manufacturer in the country that can provide a full process of analogue circuit design eda and fpd design eda tools, companies have created brands and relatively solid client groups.
Most of the major clients have a long history of collaboration with the company. And once the client has identified the eda supplier, the eda will be replaced at short notice, and therefore the client will be more sticky to the partner supplier. Moreover, through frequent use of the eda tool in the actual project, continuous feedback on the tool issues and needs will greatly accelerate the process of optimizing the product upgrade, while the improved tool can be larger when validated by the cooperating client office.
3.2 Taking over the main eda technology of the national panda system, leading the core technology, taking over the main eda technology of the research project, the company taking over the main eda technology of the panda system, and continuing to focus on the area of eda since its inception, research and development has continued to grow.
Some members of the Division’s initial team were involved in the development and development of China’s fully-processed eda system (the “Panda System”) with autonomous intellectual property rights in paragraph 1 of China. After the company’s establishment, the company carried the panda system’s technology, with a clear pre-emptive advantage in the eda technology.
As of 31 December 2021, the company had 150 patents and 67 copyrights for registered software. Through the continuous succession of core technologies, the company acquired a number of core technologies, leading the industry in the field of eda tools and related services, resulting in analogue circuit design full-flowed eda technology, digital circuit design eda technology, flatboard display of full-flow eda
Technologies and core techniques such as crystal-crystal manufacturing eda technology. Some of the tools of the full-flowed eda tool system for analogue circuit design are capable of supporting the 5nm advanced industrial and artistic process leading to international leadership; flatboards show that many of the techniques of the full-flow eda tool system for electrical design are leading internationally, filling the gaps in the specialized eda software for domestic flat-plate design, and are in the lead domestically in terms of technology levels, market applications, etc.; digital circuits and crystals
Some tools, such as manufacturing, also have unique technical advantages, and some have reached international leadership. In addition, companies are moving forward with the development of the eda tool in the areas of analogue circuit design, digital circuit design, and flatboard display design tools, with a view to upgrading the integrated technology of the eda tool and furthering the upgrading of the company’s eda technology.
3.3 The fund-raising project will further improve product layout and upgrade core technology amounting to $2,551 million, including $507 million for electrical simulation and digital analysis optimization of the eda tool upgrade project, $294 million for analog design and validation of the eda tool project, $433 million for design of the eda tool for specific types of chip, digital design integration and validation of the eda project
With 567 million yuan in development projects and 750 million yuan in additional liquidity, this fund-raising project is based on strategic planning and development objectives, focusing on the areas of technological innovation and on the upgrading and development of key technologies in the area of eda. The core eda toolboard for the integration of key links in the design of circuits through the current fund-raising project is the current one.
This project also includes the development of new products and new technologies to fill gaps in the core tools of the country’s eda, and to address the human-restrictive nature of the core technologies of the eda, which ultimately enhances the firm’s core competitiveness.
As the anchor of the eda National Engineering Research Centre, the company is committed to the development and promotion of nationally produced eda tool software and is a leading provider of eda globally. The company plans to achieve full process coverage of the eda tool by 2030 for integrated circuit design and manufacture, building on the full-processed eda system, to create a number of core competitive and market-scale flagship products to provide more comprehensive, efficient and cost-effective customers.
4. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis The company is the most complete provider of the eda tool in the domestic product line, with the main technology taking over from the eda technology of the national panda system.
The country’s domestic market for eda will continue to expand in terms of security, autonomy, control, etc., and national producers of eda will have better opportunities for development. Thus, as the country’s only manufacturer that has achieved full process coverage of the analogue eda tool, the company’s market share will continue to rise in the context of future national substitution.
In terms of operating income, (1) as the only manufacturer in the country that has achieved full-flow coverage of the analogue circuit design eda tool, it is expected that, in the context of the domestic integrated circuit production substitution, there will be a sustained increase in the stock of companies, and it is expected that in 2022-2024, revenues from the analogue circuit design eda tool will be split between $408 million, $574 million and $784 million; (2) during the reporting period, large-sized flatbeds show that the industry is on a mass climbing slope after building capacity.
The demand for eda software has not increased in a flash phase. Small-sized flats show a short circuit design cycle, high design complexity, and much more product specifications than large-size production lines. Over the next few years, demand for eda software will increase significantly as China’s flats show large industrial output inputs in small-sized industries.
eda tools generate demand. As the only global manufacturer that has achieved a full-flow coverage of a flat-line display of the eda tool, the company flat-plate shows billions, $115 million, $127 million; and (3) the company is working to strengthen the adequate layout of the digital circuit design eda and crystal-crystal manufacturing eda, where revenues are expected to rise as the key-point tool breaks through, and it is expected that in 2022-2024, the company's digital circuit design eda will be achieved.
(4) Technology development services are complementary to the eda software tools, and clients are more unified, with the continuous expansion of the market for the eda software tools at $199 million and, for profit, the scale effect will gradually reduce the cost of the company and the company's Māori ratio will be maintained as the scale of the company's operations continues to grow.
The Division’s operating income is growing rapidly, its sales costs, management costs, financial costs will remain low, and as the company’s business continues to expand, its R & D costs will remain high and will continue to grow. Selection of high-visibility software, enrichment, Polland, Chuen Electronics as a comparable listed company with the industry.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I am not, and will not be, subject to any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.