C.O.N.C. (301269.sz.) – Rapid rise of the domestic eda industry
The company is the leader of the domestic eda industry, and we believe that the company is expected to benefit from the integrated circuit industry landscape and the national production of the Blue Sea market: $7 billion in output to peddle the world ' s $400 billion integrated circuit industry, benefiting from the integrated circuit industry landscape and the upgrading of the eda, which is growing faster.
Global sales in 2020 in the eda sector reached $7.23 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent; according to the Chinese semiconductor industry association, sales in 2020 in the eda sector in China amounted to $6.62 billion, an increase of 19.9 per cent.
The market in China’s eda is expected to continue to grow at a high rate as a result of growing demand for tools and alternative opportunities for national production in the integrated circuit industry. Competition patterns: international giant monopolies, domestic manufacturers are expected to bend over in the area of disaggregation through decades of self-research and merger restructuring, synopsys, cadence and Siemenseda (mentorgrapics)
According to the Said think tank, the three giants rose from 6.24% of the global and Chinese eda markets in 2020 to 11.48% in 2020, looking at the policy-catalyzed opportunities for domestic manufacturers to bend overcarriage.
The company is the leader of the national production eda. (1) The product matrix is complete: the analog circuit design area has a full-flowed eda tool that meets most customer process requirements; part of the digital circuit eda field has made a breakthrough, and the tool has reached an internationally advanced level. (2) Market share leads: according to the company ' s subscription, the company took the market in 2020.
This is about 6%, the highest rate in the country. (3) The barriers to talent are deep: Chairman Liu Wei Qing is rich. (4) Shareholders are strong and supportive: China Electronics Group, the controlling shareholder of the company’s first shareholder, is a large company with information as its main industry, and it is good for the company’s products to be certified, technologically replicated, and the country’s home-grown eda industrial ecology is built.
The company’s first team members were formally formed in China in the first year and are now working in the field of tools for many years. The company’s main products include analogue circuit design.
The eda tool system, the digital circuit design eda tool, the flatboard display of the full-flowed eda tool system, and the crystal circle manufacturing eda tool, among others, provide technical development services in related areas, where company-related products and services are mainly applied in integrated circuit design and manufacturing.
Corporate products have been developed and deposited for many years. In 2009, the company was founded, in 2011, it released the first generation of analogue process eda tool systems, in 2014, it released a flatboard display of the full process eda tool system, in 2018, it launched a crystal-crystal engineering service and released an iso-simulator system, in 2020.
The new generation of processeda tool systems and process model extraction tools for analogue circuit design. Figure 2: A brief process for the development of corporate product systems after many years of research and development of sediment.
The corporate eda tool product matrix continues to be rich. According to the company ' s subscriptions, the company is the only home-grown eda that can provide a complete flow-eda tool system for analoging circuit design, which includes the principles, editing tools, layout editing tools, circuit simulation tools, physical validation tools, parasitic parameter extraction tools and possible
In addition, the company's eda tool in the field of digital circuit design, tablet display circuit design, crystal-crystal manufacturing, etc. has been introduced into the head chip design and manufacturing enterprise. Company-related products and services are mainly applied to integration.
In the field of circuit design and manufacturing, downstream customers include, among others, integrated circuit design enterprises, crystal-crystal manufacturing enterprises, flat-plate manufacturers, etc., the company’s products are now entering the top customers, such as China Point International, Shanghai China Rainbow, and Tokyo East.
China Electronics Ltd., China Electric Investment and Holdings Ltd., under the umbrella of the Group, holds 21.22% and 12.84% of the shares of the Company. The State Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry holds 8.88% of the shares of the Company and the Weir Semiconductor 0.34% of the shares of the Company.
At the same time, nine-in-one new employee holding platforms with 17.63% of company shares, corporate equity incentives are adequate, core teams are deeply tied to the company, and corporate technology breakthroughs and performances are released. Billions of dollars, 51.86% more than the previous year.
Manufacturing requires generating demand for eda tools: (2) China’s policies in the integrated circuit industry support catalytic national production Substitute demand: (3) companies continue to grind products, product matrices and customers are growing in abundance, etc. The eda tool system’s revenues grew rapidly, from 75 million yuan in 2018 to 352 million yuan in 2021, cagr
The company’s revenues are mainly from mainland China, and external revenues are growing. The company’s revenues are mainly from China.
At the same time, the company established a United States subsidiary in September 2018, a Korean subsidiary in November 2020, which continued to open its own business abroad, with an upward trend in offshore revenue.
2.1 Market size: The global eda market of $7 billion in 2020, with China’s market upscaling period eda being the backbone of key technology upstream in the integrated circuit industry. The eda tool software belongs to the supplier of software in the upper support layer of the integrated circuit industry. In addition to the design link, the eda tool software should also be used in integrated circuit manufacturing,
In terms of integrated circuit design, manufacturing, and containment, the eda industry has important implications for industry productivity and product technology. From the point of view of integrated circuit design, designers must use the eda tool to design complex integrated circuits for multi-billion to multi-billion transistors in order to reduce design deviations, increase the rate of flow success and
According to the Sadie think tank, the global market for eda, which in 2020 was just over $7 billion, supported the $400 billion integrated circuit industry, supporting the multi trillion-scale digital economy. In the event of a problem with eda, global integration, including the design of integrated circuits.
The circuit industry is bound to be significantly affected, and the structural stability of the inverted pyramids, made up of eda tools, integrated circuits, electronic systems, digital economies, etc., will face serious challenges. The integrated circuit market will grow steadily and rapidly.
Figure 11: China ' s integrated circuit market has continued to grow rapidly since 2014, benefiting from the rise in the landscape of the integrated circuit industry and the rise in the status of the eda industry, with sales in the eda sector growing faster. In the context of steady progress in the integrated circuit industry and faster growth in the design chain, the importance of the superimposed eda software has been added
It is highlighted that the share of the integrated circuit has increased: sales of the eda tool have stabilized and increased. According to wsts, global sales in 2020 in the eda sector reached $7.23 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period; and, according to the China Semiconductor Industry Association, sales in 2020 in the eda sector in China were $6.62 billion, an increase of 19.9 per cent over the same period.
North America, the most technologically advanced region in the region, has been the largest market in the history of the region. The rapid development of the integrated circuit design industry in mainland China has led to an increase in sales of the region’s eda tools, according to the Saidi think tank, 2020.
The region achieved $3.04 billion in sales, accounting for about 42.05% of the world’s share, making it, for the first time, the world’s largest market. We believe that the rise of China’s integrated circuit design industry has boosted demand for eda, providing vast development space for national producers of eda.
2.2 Drivers: high-profile beneficiary industries + national production, opening up the blue-sea market Driver 1: semiconductor industries start a new up-to-date cycle and the eda downstream demand boom, the global semiconductor industry moves into a new innovation cycle, driving chip design and eda software needs.
After computers and smart phones, the global semiconductor industry started the third round of the up-to-date cycle, with the most significant source of change: $10,527 billion in $200, or 9.17 per cent in cagr. Subsidiarily, wireless communication is the largest market, with smart phones as key; it includes television, audio-visual equipment.
Consumer-type applications, such as virtual home assistants, offer new opportunities for smart home-based networking; smart networking and auto-drives bring a significant increase in the electronic market for cars. China’s semiconductor market is about $212.1 billion a year, or 52.93% of the world’s total.
Ibs expects that the Chinese semiconductor industry will maintain 10.26 per cent of the cagr leading world over the next 10 years, with a projected size of $621.2 billion in 2030, compared to the projected achievement of driver 2: continued enhancement of chip integration and complexity will create new demands for the development of the eda tool.
The innovation in the development of the eda tool has improved chip design efficiency and has been an important way to keep chip design costs within a reasonable range. According to Professor Andrewkahn of the University of California at San Diego in 2013, the cost of designing a consumer-level application chip in 2011 is about $40 million, if not considered.
In the post-Moor era, the combination of chips driven by the Moor Law and the continued increase in complexity will create new demands for the development of the eda tool.
Figure 18: eda technological advances to reduce chip design costs Driver 3: China’s IEC industry rises, domestic producers’ deep-seated production opportunities opportunities National policies continue to expand the IGC industry, and eda’s national production process is expected to accelerate in recent years.
Against the backdrop of an increasingly difficult external environment, the State Council and local governments have introduced a number of encouraging and supportive policy regulations that create a sound policy and institutional environment for the upgrading and development of the integrated circuit industry. In March 2021, the 14th Plan placed integrated circuits in third place in seven major technological frontier areas.
In Beijing, Shanghai, and other provinces and cities, in the 14th Plan, the development of integrated circuit design tools has been strengthened, whereas during the previous 12th and 13th periods, most of the provincial and municipal preferential policies were limited to purchasing them. We believe that the state has released a clear and positive policy.
China’s integrated circuit industry has emerged, and the whole chain of industry has come to a golden age. Since the twenty-first century, the global semiconductor industry has begun to shift from South Korea to Taiwan to mainland China for the third time.
After a long period of low-end assembly and manufacturing succession, technology introduction and absorption, and high-end talent development, the industry has gradually completed its primary accumulation, leading to a high rate of industry-wide growth driven by national will and policy.
According to the icinsights, 15.90% of the year is expected to reach 19.40% in 2025, driven by policy-driven alternatives to the integrated circuits industry, which is expected to open up the country’s eda growers’ space.
The rate of production rose from 6.24 per cent in 2018 to 11.48 per cent in 2020, and is expected to continue to expand in the future along with the expansion of the domestic integrated circuit industry, with industry producing more and more products, and a further increase in the rate of eda national production is expected.
Through decades of high R & D inputs and merger restructuring, the three international giants, Neotech, Lecter Electronic, Siemens eda, monopolize the global eda market. 2008 eda was defined as the country's medium- and long-term science and technology development planning framework (2006-2020).
After many years of development, the path to growth of domestic producers has two features: (1) it is typical of China’s nine days, and the emphasis on partial design applications has been on a process-wide solution, and then on a step-by-step approach to the process solution.
The key-line core is the international market competitiveness of the eda tool; (2) Quillan electronics, wide microscopics, etc., priority is given to breaking through the core of the key-links tool and gradually expanding to other link tools based on the advantages of the area of disaggregation.
As the only enterprise with a fully designed processeda tool solution at present, it accounts for 77.7% of the global market for the eda tool. Other firms lack the combined power of layout full process tool technology to develop tools for specific processes or individual links in their respective areas of expertise to divide the remaining market share, with ansys relying on heat analysis, voltage fractions.
According to the Saidi think tank, influenced by large single-market and client-cyclical orders, the market share of the top three suppliers is highly volatile, but the market as a whole is clearly marketable.
The market share of domestic producers has been rising, with domestic market sales outpaced for the first time by ansys to the country’s fourth largest eda enterprise in 2020. In our view, domestic producers will be deeply involved in the process of production in the beneficiary countries in the context of policy consolidation and the wave of technological advances at the enterprise level.
3. Companies: Taking advantage of national production, business expansion is on the rise. 3.1. Continuous extension of R & D inputs leads to national production of eda industry barriers: talent, finance is the basis for maintaining a leading edge, technology and customer double-wheel drive. eda
Industry has a high level of funding and talent threshold: industry is characterized by rapid technologicality and long input cycles. High-intensity and long-cycle R & D inputs are required: high-level talent is scarce due to long periods of professional talent development and the high demand for integrated technology.
Auxiliary manufacturers have evolved with advanced processes to develop technology and to create a rapid development rotational effect. There are 494 R & D and technicians in companies and 74.85% of the total number of R & D technicians in companies. The company has set up R & D centres as the overall lead department for R & D. Three centres are responsible for the numbers.
Circuit design and simulation tools, analogue circuit design and tablet display circuit design, crystallization tools development, company executives and core technical teams have a rich professional background and many years of industry experience. The eda industry is a highly technology-intensive industry with high demands on people’s knowledge, research and development capabilities and experience accumulation.
Dr. Liu Weiping, the first shareholder and chairman of the board, has 30 years of industry experience, Dr. Yang Xiaodong, the director-general, has served in the global eda leading science and technology, and other core management teams have had many years of research and development, management and market experience in the eda industry. We believe that corporate executives are generally from the class, with a relatively rich professional background, and with a strong market experience.
Many years of eda’s research and development experience, a clear understanding of its technological advantages and product positioning, and a precise judgement of industry’s development trends and industry’s application needs are expected to lead companies to achieve a curved overload. Companies with analogue circuit design and certification tools have been able to meet the process requirements of most of the analog design clients.
The company has a full-flowedda tool system in the area of analogue circuit design. The company currently has mainly analogue circuits. The full-flowedda tool system, which supports the state-of-the-art 5nm mass production process, is at the international lead; the other analogue circuit design eda tool supports the 28nm process and supports the 5nm process.
There is still a gap between the same kind of leading tools of the process. Because of the long life cycle of the simulation chip, its low reliance on advanced process processes, and its greater focus on performance indicators, reliability and cost, more stable mature process processes are usually used, most of the simulation chips are currently in place.
The product is still using a mature process process of 28 nm and above. So, from a process support perspective, the company has modeled and prepared circuit design and validation tools that already meet the process requirements of most analogue design clients.
The area covers only part of the process of digital circuit design, but full process tool coverage has not yet been achieved, but five of the released eda tools have reached advanced levels.
Time-sequencing analysis tool, time-sequencing power optimization tool, image integration and analysis tool and clock quality review and analysis tool can all support the current state-of-the-art 5nm process and are at the international lead level;
There is still a gap between leading tools. Figure 29: Companies now cover only part of the process of digital circuit design in the digital circuit eda area, 3.2, fund-raising projects are advancing steadily, and product expansion is expected
Millions of yuan in funds, plus codedda tools. Of this amount, the wiring simulation and digital analysis optimisation of the eda tool project, to raise $507 million; the simulation design and validation of the eda tool upgrade project, to raise $294 million; the eda tool development project, to be designed for specific types of chips, to raise $433 million; and the digital design synthesis and validation project, to raise 433 million.
The eda tool development project, which is intended to raise $567 million, is used for the upgrading and development of key technologies in the area of eda, with emphasis on technological innovation, including the upgrading of the functionality, performance, capacity and accessibility of existing eda tools
• Upgrading the technical level and application of tools; development of new products and technologies to fill gaps in the domestic field of eda nuclear tools and to address human constraints on the core techniques of the eda tool; and recruitment of professionals in the eda field, improvement of the development of research and development teams and enhancement of the soft power of corporate technological innovation.
Core assumption 1: high-profile beneficiary semiconductor industry and alternative trends to national production, with company revenues expected to continue to increase rapidly, with expected composite annual income growth of about 10 per cent for the digital circuit design eda tool in 2022-2024, projected crystal-crys.
Core assumption 3: High income growth is expected to spread sales costs, management costs; companies continue to have high R & D inputs, and R & D rates are expected to remain stable to ensure core competitiveness. 4.2. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis
The company is the leader of the domestic eda industry, and we believe that the company is expected to benefit from the integration of the landscape of the circuit industry and national production, and we have selected the leading eda manufacturers in the country like Chuen Electronics, Wide Micro, and others as comparable companies.
Given that eda is one of the core foundations of the semiconductor industry, that there is a wide range of alternatives to national production, that there are deep moats in the industry, and that the company, as the leader of the national product eda, has a pre-eminence and core competitiveness, gives a value premium, covers it for the first time, and gives a “buy-in” rating.
Substitution of national production does not advance as much as expected, and corporate technology research and development does not.