It was founded in 2009 and opened its doors.
\triangleright is the development, sale and related services of the eda tool software. The eda tool is a necessary tool for integrated circuit design, manufacture, encapsulation, testing, etc. and is one of the pillars of the strategy that cuts across the entire integrated circuit industry chain.
The main products include the simulation of the entire processeda tool system for circuit design, the digital circuit design eda tool, the flat display of the entire processeda tool system and the crystal-made eda tool, etc. The benefits are derived from the growing size of the market in the eda sector and from the rising market share of corporate products, Public 2018-2021.
56.52 per cent. The company broke its foreign monopoly on the eda industry, with a rising share of domestic municipalities, and has now become the largest domestic provider of tools, with the most complete product lines, with the largest integrated technological power. eda industry is “small” and market size is growing steadily.
\triangleright balleda market size is $11,467 million, with an increase of 11.62% over the same period and a compound increase of 7.28% between 2012 and 2020.
There are high technical barriers in the eda sector, reliance on technological innovation, and large software systems that are arithmetically intensive, require long-term technological accumulation of firms and a global pattern of oligopoly. Moreover, eda software development, long industrial cycles, require sustained financial input and close collaboration between upstream and downstream customers.
History has gained significant advantages and national production has been replaced in due course. After more than 30 years of development, the global eda line s01052111003 \triangleright
The industry has a more prominent oligopolistic character, with the top three major players in the industry -- synopsys, cadence and Siemens -- accounting for about 77.7% of the world ' s market share in 2020, according to the Said think tank. Our autonomous eda software, though developed earlier, is reflected by factors such as the Western embargo.
The country’s production and development have been uneven and slow, and the ratio of producers to the market is still small. Nine days in China, the only home-grown eda company that can provide a full-flow-eda tool system for simulating integrated circuit design, has some of the tools at the international top, and the company also owns the digital circuit design and analysis system optimization tools, integrated circuits.
Production of manufacturing point tools, tablet displaying the design of a full-flow system platform. Investment project analysis: building a leading international eda supplier.
Initiation. These include: (1) the electrical simulation and digital analysis optimization of the eda tool upgrade project; (2) the simulation design and validation of the eda tool upgrade project; (3) the eda tool development project for specific types of chip design; (4) the digital design integration and validation of the eda tool development project; and (5) the replenishment of liquidity.
Profit forecasting and valuation: Nine days in China as a leading domestic supplier of the eda tool, the income is expected to increase at a very high rate. We expect 758/9.86/1280 million \triangleright to be collected in 22/23/24 in 9 days in China.
Control of human risk; tax benefits and government subsidy policy risk. 1 9 days: National flagship eda tool supplier 1.1 days: National product eda lead, simulation of full-process tool supplier
Founded nine days ago in 2009, the company was mainly involved in the development, sale and related services of the eda tool software. The eda is the acronym for electronic design automation. The tool created using the eda technology is called the eda tool. The eda tool is the integrated circuit design, manufacture, encapsulation, measurement.
The necessary tools for trial work are one of the cornerstones of the strategy that cuts across the entire integrated circuit industry chain. With the rapid growth of the integrated circuit industry, increasing size, complexity, technological sophistication, etc., the role of the eda tool has become more prominent as a key factor in improving design efficiency and accelerating industrial technological progress and innovation.
In integrated circuit design, the eda tool is divided into eda and eda tools for analogue circuit design, depending on the characteristics of analogue circuits and digital circuits. In addition, tablet display, signal circuit design, also needs to be supported by a corresponding tablet design eda tool; integrated circuit manufacturing
Links, in addition to the need for relevant eda tools related to process design, such as process development, good rate optimization, need to be supported by analogue design and digital design-related eda tools; the company ' s main sales of eda tool software cover the four above-mentioned categories, including analogue circuit design full-flowed eda
Tools systems, digital circuit design eda tools, flatboard display of the entire process eda tool system for circuit design and crystal circle manufacturing eda tools, etc. In addition, the company provides technical development services for integrated circuit design and manufacturing customers.
The company is now a leading service provider in the country, providing services to a number of manufacturing and design enterprises.
Since its inception, the company has been engaged in the development, marketing and related services of the eda tool software, building up and strengthening its own R&D technology and accurately managing the direction of technology development in the industry, which has now become domestic in size.
The largest, most complete product line, and a leading provider of integrated technology tools. Figure 3: China’s nine-day product system development process. 1.2 Major business growth and high R & D investment
The rapid growth of the Department’s revenues, which, on the one hand, benefited from the sustained growth of the industry in the eda sector and, on the other hand, resulted from the company’s continued cultivation, expanding its new clients and increasing its share of the domestic market.
In the fourth quarter, customers tend to buy centrally, mainly from well-known integrated circuit designers in the country and abroad. In addition, companies earn more in the second half of the year to receive and settle their TDS projects, thus making their fourth quarter relatively high income.
Companies have a high level of profitability and space for sustained development. Companies have established good business relationships with major integrated circuits, both domestic and foreign, crystal-crystal manufacturing, flat-bed manufacturers, and have worked with their clients through continuous technological optimization and product rotation stabilization and deepening. In 2018-2021, companies each achieved a net return profit.
At a higher level. In 2018-2021, the share of MFIs operating in the company’s main business increased over the years, and MFIS operations themselves declined. The downward trend was maintained at a higher level, indicating that the company’s main business products were more competitive and dominated.
Companies’ R & D costs have always remained high, and the absolute value of R & D costs has continued to rise. The gains have been significant, with growth in business income exceeding the growth in R & D costs in 2020.
Sustained and substantial R & D investment gives companies the advantage of leading core technologies and sustainable R & D systems, with companies mastering more advanced, critical, basic eda-tool software technologies and constantly transforming technology accumulation into multiple proprietary technologies and technology secrets through autonomous R & D innovations that guarantee the independence of their operations.
1.3 The major funds participate, the executive has a rich history, the corporate equity structure is relatively fragmented, and there are no controlling shareholders and actual controllers. Over 5% of the shareholders in the company are China's limited electronics, the Nine Generations, the Shanghai Construction Won, the China Power Investment Fund, and the China Integrated Circuit Investment Fund and China.
The Small Business Fund, of which China has limited electronics and China has a combined interest of 39.62% of the company, while other shareholders have a relatively fragmented shareholding of more than 30%. Most of the enterprises involved in the investment of the National Integrated Circuit Investment Fund are the strategic core of the national integrated circuit industry, highlighting China’s nine days in the semiconductor chain.
Some members of the company's initial team were involved in the design of China's first eda tool with autonomous intellectual property rights, the Panda iccad system.
The eda sector is intellectually intensive, and the eda profession is a key factor in eda’s development. On 31st of the month, the company had a total of 660 people, with 51 doctoral degrees and 74.85% master’s degree.
Technical level of the product and competitive advantage. Figure 13: Educational composition of the company ' s employees (persons) Figure 14: Distribution of workers in China for nine days (persons)
The 2eda sector is "small and sophisticated", the market size is growing steadily, the core of the 2.1 integrated circuit industry, and the market size continues to expand. The integrated circuits industry chain consists mainly of the upstream support layer, the meso-manufacturing layer, and the downstream applications.
Software development, marketing and related services are software providers in the upper support layers of the integrated circuit industry, and are one of the core components of the integrated circuit industry as a whole. In addition to integrated circuit design, the eda tool software is applied to integrated circuit manufacturing, encapsulation and testing.
Figure 15: eda is located in the upper support position of the integrated circuit industrial chain
Design: customisation, hardware language description, industrial products: robotics, engineering and control equipment, various technical services: circuit analysis, graphics
• Simulation simulation, logical synthesis, circuits, auto electrons, biomedical, aerospace detection simulation, circuit layout and orbiting
Production: transfer of layout structure using a range of standard (films/consumption electronics: wearable equipment, no thick membrane) processing processes
Software tools: eda humans, artificial intelligence, smart homes, electricity to crystal circle to form a stereocube circuit
Equipment: light engraving machine, carving machine, coating: backend process, sealing ic! Shadow, cvd, pvd, ion injection machine,
Computer-related products: cpu, gpu, fit protection, tube foot extraction, chip production, test machines, probes, coupling machines, filming
Storage, display, network equipment, etc. Materials: silicon tablets, photo-enhancement, masked sheet, test: full process through ic, master
Communications Perimeter products: satellite, base station, hand, special electronic gas, chemical reagents, polish to include design validation, process process control .
The eda industry consists mainly of suppliers of hardware equipment, operating systems, development tools, and other supporting software. The eda industry includes mainly integrated circuit design, manufacturing, sealing, etc.
Systems manufacturers or equipment manufacturers in various fields of application. The eda industry connects integrated circuit design, manufacturing, and containment, which have important implications for industry production efficiency and product technology levels.
The advancement and application of the eda tool technology has been an important way to keep chip design costs within reasonable limits. According to Professor Andrewkahn of the University of California at San Diego in 2013, the cost of designing a consumer-level application processor chip in 2011 was approximately $40 million, if not 1993
By 2009, the design costs could be as high as $7.7 billion, and the technological advances in the design would have led to a nearly 200-fold increase in design efficiency. The leverage of the eda is the cornerstone of the integrated circuit industry and, indeed, of the global digital economy.
According to Semi, the global market for the eda sector was $11,467 billion in 2020, supporting the industry of equipment valued at tens of billions of dollars a year, the manufacturing industry valued at hundreds of billions a year, the electronics industry valued at trillions a year, and the digital economy of billions of dollars a year.
The cornerstone of the pyramid-type industrial chain is the enabler of integrated circuits, electronic information, and even the global digital economy. If the eda industry is weak, the global integrated circuit industry, including integrated circuit design firms, will be heavily affected by the inverted pyramid chain of tools, integrated circuits, electronic systems, digital economy, etc.
The market situation in the eda sector is closely linked to developments in the integrated circuit design industry. Each year, the eda market shows a high degree of consistency with the ic design business collection, the chip manufacturing process is evolving and new.
Materials, the next generation of new process-related manufacturing sealed eda technologies will increase and reduce the size of the global eda market steadily. In recent years, global chip design and manufacturing demand for eda tools have increased.
According to data, the global market for eda was $11,467 million in 2020. The rate of increase was 11.62 per cent in the same year and 7.28 per cent in the period 2012-2020.
In 2020, the country ' s total sales in the eda sector were about 4.49 billion yuan, $5.52 billion and 6.62 billion yuan, respectively, which led to continuous growth. In 2020, our autonomous eda enterprises earned about 760 million yuan, an increase of 65.2 per cent.
By region, the North American region is not only the largest market for the eda tool, but also the region with the best eda technology, and now the United States eda is leading the global eda tool technology and occupying a monopoly. According to Sai Di Jiku data, North America accounted for about 40.9% of the global market sales of the eda by 2020.
The Asia-Pacific region accounts for about 42.1 per cent and Europe for about 17 per cent.
2.2 Shares are concentrated among the three giants, China’s eda industry is booming, and the global eda sector is monopolized by synopsys, cadence and Siemens eda. The three companies are among the first to have a significant lead.
Nine days in China, with several other firms, with some full-flow tools or a partial advantage, ranked second in the global eda industry. Third-tier firms focused mainly on point tools for specific areas or uses, and there was a clear gap between overall size and product integrity on the one hand, and the first two.
Figure 22: eda industry technology pattern cr3 accounts for 77.7% of the global eda market, and industry monopoly features are evident. After more than 30 years of industrial growth, three of the top three new technologies (synopsys), cadence, and Siemens eda.
Our autonomous eda software, despite its early development, is a slow development due to the Western embargo and insufficient support during certain periods, and the share of the national production eda market is still relatively small.
Figure 23: Global competition patterns in the eda market, neo-tech, electro-temperature, and Siemens eda can provide a full set of chip designs for the eda resolution, but each has advantages in different areas. Among these, the nuanced product lines are the most comprehensive, and their advantages are:
In digital frontends, digital backends and validation tests; in electron tungsten, the advantage lies in the customization of analogues and mixed signals; circuit and layout design; in the field of physical verification, Siemens eda has a prominent advantage; in the production of circuit boards, the eda ' s three giants have product coverage in almost all of the break-down areas, while in the eda industry the entry threshold is high.
This is so flexible and dependent on performance that it is very difficult for China’s home-grown eda to break out. Thus, the international triad still dominates the domestic eda market. According to the Saidi think tank, about 80% of domestic eda sales in 2020 were held by the international triad. The domestic eda supplier is currently in the hands of the international triad.
Of these, China accounted for about 6% of the country’s 2020 eda market in nine days, and immediately after the international triad, it became the fourth largest eda tool in the domestic market. The domestic eda industry started late and developed more rapidly.
In the 1970’s–80’s, China was unable to purchase eda tools abroad because of the embargo controls imposed by the Paris Concordat on China, and China began autonomous eda technology research and development and clearance, and started research and development on the national eda tool, the Panda System, in 1988.
In the early 1990s, part of the company's initial team developed and succeeded the first autonomous property rights-based eda tool in China's history — the Panda iccad system — which filled the country's void in this area; however, the embargo on our eda tool was lifted abroad, and the eda tool entered the country in large numbers.
In China, the lack of policy and market support for the development and application of domestic eda tools has fallen into a state of decline, which has also led to heavy reliance on foreign eda tools by the domestic integrated circuit industry. In April 2008, the national science and technology major “core electronics, high-end generic chips, and basic software”
As one of the 16 major national science and technology priorities identified in the National Medium- and Long-term Science and Technology Development Plan (2006-2020), the eda industry has regained encouragement and support.
Thus, China’s home-grown eda enterprises began to see the mainstream of market entry. Figure 25: The domestic eda development process
Domestic eda enterprises have difficulty in providing full-process products, making downstream users prefer overseas firms. Domestic eda enterprises are still having difficulty in providing full-process eda products and are unable to compete with a full set of eda designs by overseas manufacturers, resulting in domestic downstream users having to rely on overseas access to eda software.
But the advantages of domestic eda software in terms of project customization, product compatibility, etc., are beginning to emerge, particularly in the areas of product processes, technical analysis, etc., where individual point tools are powerful and have a wide range of eda software technologies, tools and process designs in specific areas.
2.3 The new demand-driven eda development and the new opportunities presented by the ai and cloud technologies, in the post-Moor era, the continuous increase in chip integration and complexity driven by the Moor Law will bring new demands to the eda tool development, indicating new directions for the eda tool development.
In addition, in the post-Moor era, chiplet technology has become an important development.
The technique integrates different process nodes and different material chips into an integrated state-of-the-art (e.g., 3d integration technology) package, forming a system chip that achieves a new form of ip reuse. The process requires comprehensive support from the eda tool to facilitate the extension of the application of the eda technology.
The evolution of post-Moorian technology from single chip integration, functional integration, processes, materials, etc. has driven the advancement of eda technology and the extension of its applications. With the increased complexity of the design of ic, the development of new processes, the eda industry has a very large scope for development.
On the one hand, AI technology will play a more important role in the area of eda. On the other hand, with the growing size of the chip design base, the system’s ability to calculate has risen in step, and artificial intelligence technology in the area of eda.
On the other hand, the increased complexity of chips and the increased need for design efficiency require the upgrading of artificial intelligence technology to enable the eda tool to assist in lowering the chip design threshold, upgrading the chip set, using the ai design chip, to optimize the chip's power, performance and size using enhanced learning.
It also addresses rapid custom chips for specific applications and for all dimensions of the system: hardware (physical), software (functional), manufacturing and architecture (form). As the ai takes over more tasks, the developers who used to design a small number of transistors may now be responsible for designing 1 billion transistors in larger chips.
The use of cloud technology in the area of eda is increasing. With the gradual development of the eda platform, cloud technology in the field of eda is the first effective way to avoid chip-design companies being under-resourced for process management and computing.
Research and development risks associated with ensuring the efficiency of enterprise R & D production; second, it can effectively reduce the cost of a company's server configuration and maintenance and allow it to use computing resources with greater flexibility in accordance with actual demand; and third, it can free chip design from physical constraints, especially the home-based office needs resulting from the new coronary epidemic, and order eda Yunping.
The station played an important role; fourthly, it contributed to the diffusion and application of eda technologies in the field of education, and supported designers in the accumulation of historical advantages, national production in place of legitimate time, the development of 3.1 focus eda tools, and national leadership of process tools
Since its inception, the company has focused on the area of eda, accumulated a wealth of product and technical experience, and established a good market image and a client profile. The company has a central focus on the eda tool software, which provides the client with an eda solution around the multiple needs of its clients, such as integrated circuit design and crystal-crystal manufacturing.
Companies have achieved full process tool coverage in the area of analogue circuit design, flatboard display circuit design, and some of the tools in the field of digital circuit design and crystalline manufacturing have also created unique technological advantages. Companies have stored a large amount of technological results, such as intellectual property rights, generic technologies, tool products, etc., in eda tool software and related clothing.
The company is the only home-grown eda company in the country that can provide a full flow-eda tool system for simulating circuit design. The eda tool system consists of schematic editing tools, graphic editing tools, circuit simulation tools, physics.
Validation tools, parasitic parameter extraction and reliability analysis tools, among others, provide users with complete one-stop solutions, from circuits to layouts, from design to validation.
These include enterprises engaged in simulation chip design and large-scale system-grade chip design, mainly for simulation chip design and validation of analog circuit modules in integrated chips. Simulation chips and system-level chips are widely used in the fields of computing, network communications, data centres, lighting, home appliances, smart homes, consumer-type electronics.
The company now has mainly a full-flowed eda tool system for simulating circuit design, some of which have reached international leadership, but the whole has not yet supported the advanced process process of 16 nm and below. The simulator supports the first 5 nm mass production process and is at international leadership; other simulator design eda support
28nm process processes, with a gap with similar leading tools that have supported 5nm advanced processes. Simulation chips have long life cycles, low reliance on advanced process processes, more attention to performance indicators, reliability and cost, and therefore more stable maturation processes are usually used.
So, from a process support point of view, the company’s existing analogue circuit design and validation tools can meet the process requirements of most analogue design clients. The company’s digital circuit design eda tool provides a unique solution for some of the digital circuit design components.
, including the modular library feature extraction tool liberal, the modular library/ip quality authentication tool qualib, the time-sequencing analysis tool xtime, the time-sequencing optimization tool xtop, and the image integration and analysis tool sskipper. The company currently covers only part of the process of digital circuit design in the digital circuit eda field.
Full process tool coverage was not achieved. Overall, the digital circuit design eda tool, which the company has published, has reached international leadership levels, with the exception of individual tools, supporting the 5nm process.
The tablet displays a similarity between the design concept, the design process and the design principles of the analogue circuit. The company, building on existing analogue circuit design tools, combines the features of the tablet with the features of the electrical design with the global leading tablet displays the full flow-eda tool system.
In response to the process development and ip design needs of the crystal circle manufacturing plant, the company provided the relevant crystal circle manufacturing eda tools, including the device model extraction tool, the memory compiler development tool, the module library feature extraction tool, the module library/ip quality validation tool, the map integration and analysis tool and the simulation circuit design full-flow eda
Companies’ eda products still differ significantly in terms of the size of the applied market compared to advanced international technology. Domestic markets, according to IQR advisory data, were dominated by international eda giants in 2020.
According to the domestic market share of about 29.1% and 32.0% of the domestic market, companies account for only 5.9% of the domestic market share of the domestic market. The market size of the global market is more significant for the big eda. The global market for eda shows that more than 90% of the international giants are market size for new technology, electrons, and mementor.
In terms of the overall situation of domestic eda enterprises, domestic manufacturers have not yet achieved full process and area coverage, as the three internationals have done. China has accumulated over the last nine days in the area of eda and has been able to provide a model for the design of the entire process eda tool system, the digital eda tool, and the tablet display of circuit design.
The full flow-eda tool system and crystal-crystal manufacturing ed, among others, have a number of leading global technologies. In nine days, China is committed to achieving full process and area coverage of the eda in business planning, and a clear gap has now been created with other domestic manufacturers.
3.2 The volume of hair is thin and the country's products and services are substituting for the right time.
Not for k1, Shanghai China Rainbow Group Limited, China Electronics Group, China Harbour International Integrated Circuit Manufacturing Company, and Beijing Ticchi Microtechnology and Technology Limited. K1 and Shanghai China Rainbow have been companies for the third year in a row, 45.40%. Companies do not sell more than 50% of business income to individual customers, for single customers.
Figure 32: China’s top five customers’ share by 2021 days ago, the company took advantage of national production as a substitute for high-speed growth. The company’s income from sales of software grew mainly from analogue circuit design of the entire flow-eda tool system, digital circuit design eda and crystal-made eda
The growth of tools. This includes a significant increase in revenues from the analogue circuit design full-flowed eda tool system and digital eda design tool,c and an increasing number of customers. The growth of crystal-made eda tools is shown in figure 33: nine days old eda revenue (millions of dollars) from 2018-2021.
Figure 34: Nine-day k1 client income and related business receipts (millions of yuan)  Full-flowededa tool system  Digital circuit design eda tool  Crystal circle manufacturing eda tool  Company's main procurement requirements are commission development, rental property, hardware and software equipment, outsourcing products, testing services, etc.
This is due to the fact that the demand for commissioning development and the procurement of technical services is determined by the research and development needs of the company’s products and is targeted and sporadic, and that there are differences in the types of business in which the company’s main suppliers are good at. Companies do not have purchases from individual suppliers that represent more than 50 per cent of total purchases, and do not rely on particular suppliers.
4 Project analysis for fund-raising: Building an international leader in eda suppliers. The company intends to issue 10.859 million shares of the RMB General Unit (a Unit) to the public at large, covering the total post-issuance development, focusing on the area of technological innovation.
Upgrading of capacity and accessibility, upgrading of technology and application of tools; development of new products and technologies to fill gaps in the domestic field of eda core tools and to address the human constraints of eda core technologies; recruitment of professionals in eda fields, improvement of research and development workforce and enhancement of the soft power of corporate technological innovation.
4.1 Circuit Simulation and Digital Analysis Optimization Eda Tool Upgradation Project The project will build on the company's original circuit simulation and digital analysis optimization tool by renting space, acquiring related hardware and software and expanding the research and development team to include circuit simulation tools, modular library characterization extraction tools,
The successful implementation of this project will deepen the technological accumulation of corporate circuit simulation and digital analysis optimization tools.
The core competitiveness of powerful tools increases the size of corporate income and profitability of products. The total investment in the project is 507 million yuan, of which 345 million yuan, or 68.04 per cent, is spent on R & D. The specific investment consists of the following: 4.2 Simulation Design and Validation of the eda Tool Upgrading Project
The project will focus on optimizing the upgrading of analogue circuits, taking into account the certification of products and technologies to support advanced processes, expanding the functionality of existing products to cover more of the set-up scenarios and practical needs, building on existing analogue circuit design and certification techniques, and building on the existing functionality, performance, capacity, ease of use, etc.
The implementation of this project will help companies to further enhance technological accumulation and competitive advantages, raise the scale of their revenues and raise the value of billions of yuan, with the following specific investment components: 4.3 eda tool development projects designed for specific types of chips
Building on existing technologies, the project will enhance corporate competitiveness through the acquisition of research and development equipment, the improvement of the research and development environment and the expansion of the research and development team through the development of a process-wide tool in the areas of memory chip design, radio-frequency chip design and photovoltaic chip design.
The implementation of this project will fill the national production of the eda tool in the area of storage, radio frequency and photovoltaic process design with the following investment components: 4.4 Digital design integration and validation of the eda tool development project
The project will be based on the accumulation of corporate-eda technology, the acquisition of research and development equipment, the improvement of the research and development environment, and the expansion of the research and development team. The project will develop an integrated and validated core master process tool for digital chip design, in the form of an integrated and validated solution for digital circuit design, and further refine the company's digital circuit set-up.
The project will focus on developing tools for logical integration, logical simulation, static time-series analysis and physical validation for digital circuit design.
The total investment in the project is $567 million, and the specific investment consists of the following:
1. Full-flowedda tool system: The company simulation circuit design full-flowedda tool system is mainly used in simulation chip design and large-scale system-level chip design. Simulation chips consist mainly of power management chip and signal chain chip, system-grade chips include network chip, smartphone processor chip, etc.
Class chips are widely used in computers, network communications, data centres, lighting, household appliances, smart homes, consumer-type electronics, etc. As the demand for analog chips and system-level chips grows, so will the demand for a full flow-eda tool system. Sales revenue is expected to increase further as a result of 2019-
By 2020, the corporate full-flowedda tool system had a relatively small revenue base, and the company ' s products were rapidly imported into the domestic semiconductor companies, so the revenue grew faster in 2020-2021. As the company ' s eda tool penetration rate continued to be raised 2, the digital circuit design eda tool: the company ' s digital circuit design eda tool currently covers only digital power.
Part of the process of road design, which in 2021 was influenced by the pace of procurement by some clients, led to a decline in the company’s revenue in 2021. But with the company’s further development of the digital circuit-wide process tool in 2022, the company’s full coverage of the eda tool in the digital circuitry area has further increased and is expected to lead to further growth in the company’s revenue.
Growth is faster every year. As domestic crystal manufacturing plant capacity expands, demand for eda tools in the crystal manufacturing industry will grow further, and companies continue to develop crystal-based eda-related tools, such as dfm, good rate analysis, as a result of the Māori ratio of the company ' s sales of the three types of eda software in 2019, 2020 and 2021.
With 100 per cent cost-neutral sales of eda software, the Māori rate of future sales revenue from eda software is expected to stabilize at 100 per cent.4 Technology development services: technology development services provided by companies primarily to integrated circuit design firms for design support services and crystal-crystal engineering services to integrated circuit manufacturing companies for specific costs
Depending on the situation. We expect the company to grow its customers or grow long-term with its own technological strength as the business of the domestic integrated circuit design company and the crystal-crystal manufacturing company expands, and it is expected that the expansion will require a greater labour cost to provide customized services to its customers, so the Māori ratio is relative to the eda
Software sales are low. Given the likely scale effect of the company ' s projects, the Māori rate is expected to continue to stabilize, and it is expected that, in conjunction with the main business direction of the 9-day camp in China, Chuen Electronics will be the same semiconductor eda software provider as the 9-day lead provider of computer-assisted design, both of which will be the largest.
By way of comparison, we've selected Chuen Electronics, Middle-Vote Software as a comparable company in China for nine days. At a collection price on July 22, 2022, Chuen Electronics, Middle-Voice Software corresponds to 2021/2022/2023 pegs. Table 14: Comparison of comparable companype data
(1) Risks of technological innovation, product upgrading: in the company ' s current analogue circuit design and digital circuit design eda tool product, not all tools have been able to support the 5nm advanced process process; the company ' s digital circuit design eda tool has not yet achieved full process coverage.
Continued technological breakthroughs will be hampered in catching up with major international competitors. (2) Market competition risks: domestic markets are dominated by major internationally recognized manufacturers of new technologies, tee and Western doorstep eda. Companies have brand influence, technology R & D levels, and finance, compared to top international manufacturers.
There is a gap between power and market ownership. If a subsequent firm fails to continuously increase its R & D inputs, open markets, and improve the quality of its product services to accommodate future market competition patterns, the company’s performance may be (3) uncontrollable shareholders and actual controlling people’s risk: the company’s uncontrollable shareholders and those who actually control it, not excluding them.
There is a risk that the absence of controlling shareholders and actual controllers will affect the efficiency of the company’s decision-making. In addition, the company may be exposed to a risk of instability of control due to a significant change in its equity structure, which may have a negative impact on the company’s productive operations and business development.
The ratio of government subsidies to total profits for the current period is 90.46 per cent, 95.00 per cent, 67.99 per cent and negative changes, respectively, which may negatively affect the future performance of the company, the level of profits and cash flows.The methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.