The top of the country's eda, the only national team to have a 10-year dream of Global Dragon, 20th of July 2022, research assistant Wang Shijie.
• Ten years of ambition, with the national product eda at the head of the global eda: nine days in China is the national product eda at the end of 2020, with a rate of more than 50% in the national eda market. The company is the only company in the country that can provide a full-flow eda product and achieves the goal of simulating chip design.
The plate design covers the entire process, and it is configured in digital chip design and crystal-crystal manufacturing. The nine-day plan completes the key core eda shortboard year round, and the second step, completes the full process coverage of the eda tool in all areas of design and manufacture in 2025.
Eeda is the jewel on the semiconductor crown, and the tide of national production is overwhelming: eda is the industrial software that serves the core design to produce the full cycle of industrial software. The eda industry is highly leveraged, based on a global semiconductor market of esd billion dollars. According to the Saidi think tank and the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, China.
The eda market is monopolized by three major overseas giants: synopsys, cadence and simens, with a rate of national production of less than 15% in 2020. The eda, a key infrastructure software for semiconductor industries, is of strategic importance and domesticization is imperative.
The number of domestic eda enterprises reached 49 each year, with 16 financing times, including 9 days in China, and several eda companies have submitted ipo applications or listings.
As of 11 July 2022, cec (China Electronic Information Industries Group, Inc.) was expected to hold 32% of China’s shares for nine days, cec being the only two companies in the information technology field, and there were many semiconductor companies under the flag, such as Flying, Chengdu Hua Weibo,
In addition to technology, China's Zhenhua and others, it has provided strong industrial chain support for technology and ecological construction of nine days' worth of Chinese products, and even for acquisitions and mergers. 2) On the part of talent, the Nine Days' founding team was involved in the design of China's first autonomous intellectual property, the Panda, eda.
3) On the technical side, the nine days of China are the most complete domestic product matrix, the only manufacturer capable of providing a full-flowing long-term eda tool that meets the preferences of customers in choosing suppliers with a more complete product spectrum. The product technology leads the country, the simulation eda supports the 28nm process, and the circuit simulation process.
Supported by a 5nm process that has met most market demands, flat-board design with a global lead in eda technology, and digital design with a 5 in eda product 6, which supports the most advanced 5nm process globally.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: eda’s growing importance, and we expect XIV5
In the meantime, the process of nationalization of the eda is expected to accelerate. As China’s only national producer of the eda team in nine days, the pre-eminence and resource advantage are evident, and we expect the company to have a net profit of 1 0 years from 2022 to 2024, working to become a global leader in the eda industry.
The company’s founder is involved in the design of China’s first year of autonomous knowledge, mainly in the development, marketing and related services of the eda tool software.
According to the Saidi think tank, in 2020, China received about 6% of our market share in the country’s eda market, more than 50% of the city’s production, and was the first home-grown eda enterprise. Figure 2: China’s nine-day product line
The goal of China’s 9-day campaign is to support and guarantee the continued health of our integrated circuit industry and to become the world’s leading provider of eda. The company has set out clear goals for development, moving in three steps, and has grown to be the world’s leading eda service provider over a period of 10 years (2021-2030):
(b) Completion of the construction of the full-process tool system required for the design of the key link core by 2025 and completion of the crystal circle manufacturing core of the eda by 2030 to achieve the long-term goal of achieving full process coverage of the eda tool in all areas of design and manufacture of the key link core by 2030.
The ipo is mainly used to upgrade existing analogue design tools in phase I and to complete the completion of the digital design eda tool process, working to achieve the short-term goal of 2023. The collection is the largest in the country, with a high priority for technology development.
40% longer, the largest company among the national producers of eda. In 2021, the net return to the mother was $139 million, a 35% increase. The eda industry was a technology-intensive industry, with nine days of high emphasis on technology development and 2018-2021, where companies had 150 patents and 67 registered software copyrights.
Figure 4: China’s nine-day harvests and year-on-year increases, 2018-2021. Figure 5: China’s nine-day net return profit and year-on-year increase, broken down into eda software sales and technology development services. eda software sales are mainly soft.
In 2021, the authorized fee was 86% of the principal business income, and the Māori rate was as high as 100%. eda software sales consisted mainly of the full-flowed eda (mock chip and tablet), digital circuit design eda and crystal-crystal manufacturing eda, with 62% of the total process eda main business income in 2021, and the digital circuit design eda main-tool operations received 62%.
The technology development service consists mainly of design support services and crystal-crystal engineering services, mainly testing cores, piece design, semiconductor device test analysis, etc., which is more customized, has a lower Māori rate, the 2021 gross eda software profit model is an authorized model, with a one-time share of authorized mode over a fixed period of 2021
55%. Depending on the duration of the authorization, the sales of the eda software can be divided into permanent term authorizations and fixed-term awards. Enterprises with less pressing software replacement needs usually purchase the permanent-duration authorization software; enterprises with pressing software replacement needs usually purchase the fixed-term authorization software.
Under the scheme, the company provides customers with the license in instalments and obtains a receipt (installation) confirmation form after each supply. The product pricing strategy is casebycase. The company ' s eda tool software products can be divided into different types, different versions, different modules, different pricing; and secondly, the company usually buys them on the basis of an offer.
The amount and duration of the authorization, the size of the client, the competition in the client’s region, etc., are priced. 2.eda is the pearl on the semiconductor crown, with a greater leverage in the eda industry, supporting a semiconductor market of more than $400 billion.
Wsts data show that the global market for eda was only $11.5 billion in 2020, but that it triggered a market-based semiconductor industry of $4.404 billion. The entire semiconductor industry will be significantly affected if there is a problem with eda, the infrastructure of the industrial chain, so that the eda industry is a key area that is vulnerable to foreign “crick necks”.
2.1.eda is a full-cycle industrial software for chip design, and eda is an industrial software to support the production of super-large-scale integrated circuit design. eda refers to electronic design self-motivation.
Designing, manufacturing, encapsulating, testing the entire process. With the complexity of the chip design increasing, integrated circuits based on advanced process nodes can reach billions of semiconductors and cannot be designed without eda.
eda involves almost every aspect of the integrated circuit. From the design of the production process, eda includes the design, manufacture, encapsulation, testing of the whole process from the chip system, design software for the chip design company and the use of crystal mills.
From the e-system level, eda includes chips, multichip modules and printed circuits (pcb) for different types of chips, and eda has different tools. The integrated circuit chip (integratecircuitchip, short ic) can be structurally divided into numeric, analogic and numeric combinations.
ic for processing, processing digital signals (uncontinuous signals of 0 or 1). Simulation ic for processing natural analogue signals of continuous light, sound, velocity, temperature, etc. Modification ic refers to the ic that contains both analogical circuit parts and digital circuits. Simulation circuits are usually core in digital modulated ic, and digital circuits are used to control analogue circuits to achieve a specific result.
Algorithms. In the design part of ic, the eda software consists mainly of two major types of design software, i.e. analogic and digitic. The chip design is divided from design steps into front-end and back-end design. Front-end design and back-end design are not uniform.
End-of-end design, making the electrical circuits designed, and realizing the idea in the process is a back-end design. This is like building houses, building designs are front-end designs, designing the external shape and internal structure of houses; building construction plans are back-end designs, fine-tuning the use and selection of building materials.
The chip design can be divided into five tiers from design dimensions. The design type eda tool can be further broken down into behavioural, system, rtl, door, transistor eda, depending on the differences in design methodologies.
Targets and application scenarios vary. For example, high-level systems and behavioral level simulations and validations apply primarily to products Design early prototype validations to assess the performance and functionality of the product prototype; bottom transistor level simulations and validations determine the performance and efficiency of the final product. For large-scale integrated circuits, methods are often designed from systems and behaviors
. Defines the function and external features of the circuit and divides points into abstract functional modules if dry.
The circuits are described as several typically connected logic components and state machines that control their data transfer.
If the combined logic circuit between the rtl level and the sender is realized, the register is used to save the data and the combined circuit is used to transmit the data.
The circuit elements described are basically doors or transistors of the same level, and the circuit elements described are the most basic transistors.
Digital chips and simulation chip design processes are very different. Digitalic design is done mainly at abstract levels, without the need to focus on the details of door/crystal level placements and routers, and requires relatively low levels of experience for designers. Simulationic setups usually involve individual features of each circuit, even the size and detail of each transistor, and design and validation are more appropriate.
To be more complex, it requires more experience on the part of the designers. The design of the chips can also be divided into fully customized, semi-custody designs, which are mostly modeled, chip-based, and chip-based.
Manually generated methods. Much of this design is manual. It does not allow for direct use of the fruits of existing circuits, long design cycles, and high costs. The fully customized design is mostly used for simulations of ic and numeric combinations. Semi-custody design is based on door arrays and standard modules, connecting mature and optimized units to half the functionality required by the user.
Custom design is low cost, short cycle, low chip utilization, suitable for small batch, fast production, and more for digital ic. For eda tools, semi-custody technical thresholds are often higher than fully customized. The following are the links involved in the digital chip design process:
System architecture design. First, the chip specification, including the specific functional and performance requirements to be met by the chip, is specified, and a list is given. Then the chip architect will give the design solution and the physical implementation structure, divide the functional modules, and leave the different functional modules to different groups for completion, as required by the chip specification.
hdl encoded. Module functions are described in code using hardware description language (vhdl, veriloghdl, etc.) to be performed, forming the rtl (registry transfer level) code. Simulation authentication is a test of the correctness of the design of the code, and the test is predefined.
Chip specification. Where it does not meet, it needs to be modified until it is met. Logical integration. Logical integration is the translation of the Hdl code from the design into the door-level network table (netlist).
Simulation, the previous imitation is called a previous imitation. Add dft, detectability design. Add dft to consider future tests at the time of design. dft's common method is to insert a scanning chain into the design, which will be a non-scanning unit (e.g., a sender).
Static time-series analysis (statictiminganalysis,sta). Sta is a verification step to check whether circuit creation and retention times are in violation of the law. When two time-series violations occur in a register, it is not possible to work properly. Form validation. Form validation is performed by validating the consolidated websheet from function (sta is time series).
The form authentication method is the equivalency check method, which compares the integrated network table function with the functionally validated hdl design, to ensure that the logical integration step does not change the original circuit function described by hdl. The process result at the front end is a door-level network table with a chip (description of circuit parts with a door-level electrical component).
. Layout planning is the macro module where the chip is placed, which determines the location of the various functional circuits in general. Macro modules are ip modules, ram, i/o foot, etc.
Clocktreesynthesis,cts. Clocktreath is the wire of the clock. The clock signal is command in the digital chip, which is the heart of a person. It needs to be wired so that the clock signal from the same clock source reaches as much as possible in each depositor.
The layout here refers to the layout of a normal telecommunications signal. The process is often described as the minimum width that can be achieved by the metal cord here, which is microscopicly the ravine length of the moss tube, and the parasitic parameters are extracted. Because of the resistance of the wire itself, the interaction between the adjacent wires and the coupling capacitor will be the chip.
Internal signals noises, jamming and reflections, the values of which are called parasitic parameters. Re-analysing the parasite parameters is required to verify the signal's integrity. Diagram physical validation. Functional and time-series validation of the physical plans that complete the cabling.
There are lvs (layoutvsschematic), which compares the layout with the logical combination of door-level circuit maps; drc (designrulechecking), design rule tests to check the spacing of lines and whether the width of the wire meets the process requirements; rc (electricicalrulechecking), electronic rule testing, examination of electrical issues such as short circuits and opening circuits.
The backend design results in the production of a physical map (gdsii format) that can be used for processing by the crystal circle plant. Simulation of the chip design process: Definition of design specifications: definition of circuit functions, design performance, power consumption and area (i.e. cost) objectives.
Circuit design: Unlike digital circuit design, which is rtl-grade, simulation chips are designed for transistor-level analogue circuit structures based on demand. Circuit simulation (pre-simulation). This step uses analogue chip design with the power of the Spice simulation tool for design.
Simulating the front end of the circuit results in a transistor-level grid table (a file describing the interconnectivity of electrical elements with transistor-level electrical components).
The connection of the diagram and the various widget specifications also reflect the manufacturing process and process of the chip. The map is authenticated. After the layout is designed, a series of tests to determine that the map accurately reflects the design function and is correct.
The result of the backend design is to produce a physical map (gdsii format) that can be used for processing by the crystal circle plant. 2.2. Global eda market matures and the three major international giants monopolize.
The global market for eda, which was $11.5 billion in 2020, is now in a period of steady growth. According to the data on ediliance, the global market for eda was $11.5 billion in 2020, and a compound increase of 8% in 2010-2020.
By August 2020-2028, the combined rate of growth was 8.21%. Overall, the global market growth in the eda market has stabilized. Figure 16: Global eda market size was $11.5 billion in 2020, with three major giants monopolizing the global eda market.
The share of the world ' s three oligarchs, Cadence and Siemens eda, was about 70% in 2020. The three big players are the only companies in the world with a full-flow-eda solution, and others lack the strength of a full-flow tool technology for layout, one by one.
The talent, the technology and the synergy of the industrial chain are the competitive elements, and the talent is at the heart of the development of the eda. The eda software involves knowledge of semiconductors, mathematics, and chip design.
According to Mr. Chen Zhichang, Deputy Director-General of Xinjiang, it is not easy to train an eda, and it often takes 10 years to study the subjects of higher education and to be able to practice it. According to the 23rd annual conference on integrated circuit manufacturing in China, there are only 40,000 people in the global eda industry.
Ongoing technology research and development is the eternal theme of eda. eda software is a large, algorithm-intensive industrial software system, and eda development requires a wide range of knowledge about computers, physics, mathematics, etc.
Eda software companies need to invest more and more in research and development to ensure that they are technologically ahead. At the same time, the big eda have a large amount of intellectual property, which is difficult to cross.
More than 40%, in 2020, the cost of research and development for synopsys and cadence amounted to $1.3 billion and $1 billion, respectively, almost twice the scale of sales in China’s eda market. The industrial chain is a guarantee of eda’s development.
The process breakthroughs are sought by crystal circle plants from manufacturing steps such as materials, chemistry, process processes; eda improves the eda software with test data and process details from crystal circle plants; chip design companies use new eda models for design, trial production, and feed back to the crystal mill and eda to improve manufacturing processes and software models.
M&As are an important means of eda’s growth. The three largest players around the world have a history of M&As, of which the global giant synopsys, who were founded in 1986 to April 2021, completed 112 M&As.
The reason for this boom in the eda industry is: 1) there are a lot of small segmented areas of industry. Based on the size of the verifiedmarketresearch dollar, it is a “small industry”, but because the eda software is designed to serve the entire chip production cycle, the eda technology process is long and requires a wide variety of dot tools to work together to form a tool chain, while the customer wants the eda plant.
Business can provide an overall solution. 2) Technology upgrades are fast and fast. Driven by Moore's Law, chip updates are fast and new technologies are rapidly emerging, and the eda manufacturer of upstream design software spends a lot of money each year on research and development to match technological innovation, while many start-up companies create new tools.
With a lot of innovations and fast-paced replacements, and clients hoping that the eda vendor will provide a complete solution, the eda manufacturer continues to find ways to complete and upgrade its own industrial chain. Because of the fast pace of technology, small firms in the industry continue to show up with innovation point tools, the industry has made self-research techniques more costly to replace, and M & As are the best options.
Mergers and acquisitions require fertile soil. Mergers and acquisitions require more than just money. Mergers and acquisitions have a continuous history. Since 1990, they have been evenly acquired every 10 years, and the trend has not diminished. Sustained M&As mean constant M&As, especially the booming eda in the United States.
Industrial ecology, according to crunchbase data, in 2020 there were more than 600 overseas (more than 200 in the United States), which provided fertile soil for giant mergers and acquisitions.
The market in China’s eda is growing faster than the international market. According to the Said think tank, in 2018, I grew at a combined rate of 21.42% in two years, well above the global market’s combined harvest of 9% in February 2018-2020, China’s eda market is very low, and the three big players remain monopolistic.
The rate of growth is much higher than the global rate, but due to the late start of the country’s eda firm, it is at a disadvantage in terms of product performance and ecological synergy, and the share of the domestic market is mostly held by foreign firms. According to the Sadie think tank and the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the three largest international eda companies, synopsys, cadence and siemenseda, in 2020, collected in the country on a combined scale.
At the beginning of the 1990’s, China’s first autonomous intellectual property tool, the eda tool, the panda, was born and won many international prizes. But then the foreign eda came into China, and under a “no buy” scenario, the country produced eda.
At the same time, China and China are making people aware of the importance of key basic technologies, and capital markets are beginning to focus on the eda sector. According to the Institute of Cycling Studies, the eda sector was financed in 2020.
It has reached 16, far more than 1 in 2010. Figure 25: The country’s production has been difficult for more than 30 years.
In 2020, according to the Institute of Heartology, there were about 49 eda enterprises in the country, and the ecology was booming. Of the national producers, in addition to the eda products that China could offer for nine days, other manufacturers provided only one or more of the small pieces of chips designed to produce.
Table 3: Selected national producers of eda list 3. Only country team, top of national product eda 3.1. Industrial chain: only country team, strong industry chain support
As of July 11, 2022, China’s largest shareholder was the Chinese Electronics Group, which is expected to have a fully-owned subsidiary, China Electronics Limited and China Powered Together.
State-owned shareholders have a total share of more than 40%, and the only company in China that produces eda has a high-quality client group. The advanced process of chip design is the result of a joint effort by designers, eda software manufacturers, and crystal mills, with a high-quality client base that can contribute significantly to the overlap and completion of eda software products.
Good. For 13 years, China’s nine-day deep-farmed eda industry has led the country’s technology industry, has been recognized by a larger number of customers in the industry, and has established a sound basis for business cooperation with major integrated circuit designers and crystal manufacturers, both domestic and foreign, which has laid the foundation for the development of soft corporate conditions.
China Electronics supports China’s nine-day high-tech industrial chain. China’s top shareholder, China Electronics and Information Industries Group Ltd. (e.g., Chinese Electronics, cec), is a leading state-owned enterprise directly managed by the central government.
At the end of the year, China had 27 second-tier enterprises, 17 listed companies, and more than 190,000 employees, making a total annual operating income of $271.0 billion. The semiconductor companies under the flag of cec, such as Flying, Chengduwe Electronics, Science and Technology, and Zhenhua, China, provided strong industrial chain support for the technological overlap and ecological construction of China’s nine-day products, and even for the acquisition and annexation of mergers.
Phase II of the Second Large Shareholder Fund, which invests fully in the semiconductor industrial chain from raw materials to encapsulation tests, provides full-chain support for nine days of Chinese products.
3.2. Talent: A strong start-up team with a clear pre-eminence focus on eda for 12 years, with a deep technological build-up. Nine days in 2009, China has been focusing on eda research and development since its inception.
In nine days and 13 years, China has focused on the eda, which has created a strong technological and business base, with a clear advantage over other companies in the industry. Some of the founding team members are involved in designing the panda eda, and they are highly proficient.
The founding team of China’s nine-day team was involved in the design of China’s first self-inflicted scientific and technological advancement prize, which was awarded to China’s top three foreign eda leaders and slowed down the development of the national production eda industry. However, some of the “Panda” eda research and development team’s staff have been working tirelessly in the field of national production eda.
In April 2008, the country’s “nuclear high-rise” was launched, with state support in the area of eda. In 2009, China’s Chinese IEC team and China’s High-Integrator eda department came to independence and set up China’s Dynasty for nine days.
By July 2022, it was expected that 17,63% of the new stock holdings on the nine-day SWIFT platform would have been released. The eda industry was a critical core, with nine days of high ownership and high motivation to ensure retention of core talent and increase team dynamism.
The company will deepen its cooperation with recognized universities and scientific institutes to create a long-term and stable channel for the flow of talent, create an overall environment in which production and research are mutually reinforcing, provide continuous technical expertise for product research and development, and enhance the technological strength of the company.
The product lines are the most complete in the country, and they are more responsive to the needs of customers. Nine days in China can provide a full-flowed eda system for analogue circuit design, a digital eda tool, a flatboard full-flow eda tool for displaying circuit design, and an eda tool that is currently the most complete eda company in the country. As of July 2022, the rest of the country is home.
Enda enterprises have difficulty in providing full-process products, but only have a partial competitive advantage in disaggregating field point tools. On the basis of the customer’s tendency to select a more complete product spectrum provider, China’s nine-day advantage is clear.
Predominant, of which the Simulator Full Process eda tool supports the 28nm process in its entirety, and the Circuit Simulation tool supports 5nm. While some of the tools still differ from the world ' s leading levels, the simulation chip is more focused on performance indicators, reliability and cost, and therefore usually uses a more stable mature process. Most of the simulation chip products are still in use.
28 nm and above. So, from a process support point of view, the company's analogue circuit design and validation tool has been able to meet the process requirements of most of the analog design clients. The digital design eda tool is at an international lead.
Covers part of the process, but five of the six-point tool software that has been issued support the current state-of-the-art 5nm volume process and is at the international lead. The tablet shows the full process coverage of the circuit design eda, and the global lead. The tablet shows the design and simulation of circuits.
Design concepts, design processes and principles are somewhat similar. Nine days in China, based on existing analogue circuit design tools, combined with flatboard display features of circuit design, have developed a global leading tablet display full-flowed eda tool to fill gaps in the national flatboard design professional eda software.
From the point of view of technology, talent, and industry chains, China's nine-day future is expected to be one of the country's strongest and world-renowned processes, the full-flowed eda: the company's whole-flowed eda product is divided into simulated chip designs, the eda peaceboard design, the modifier eda is fully supported by the 28nm process, which already meets the needs of most of its clients and the tablet design eda technology.
The global leader, ipo finance, will upgrade the entire processeda tool and further expand the market advantage. I, digital circuit design eda: the company has only six point tools in the field of digital design circuits, but five of them have the most advanced 5nm process globally. In addition, this ipo finance focuses on digital design circuitrs.
The completion of the chain, the development of digital circuited eda, is also an important dynamic area of corporate strategic objectives for the first phase in 2023. Crystal made eda: Crystal made eda requires close cooperation with crystal made eda, which is more strongly influenced by the demand for crystal made ed. The company made crystal eda now covers only part of the process, but the company will continue to invest in research and development to promote crystal made ed.
Technology development services: The company’s technology development services operations charge customers for their services mainly on a project-specific basis, with a combination of pricing based on the project’s workload and technical difficulties, among other things. As the industry’s technology continues to innovate, process requirements rise, customers constantly demand new products and services, the company can develop steadily.
Other business: The company ' s other business income is mainly from sales of proxy software and hardware packages, which will be maintained Investment proposals: 9 days in China is the leader of the national production eda, and, according to the Saidi think tank, in 2020 it received more than 50% of the revenues from the national production of eda, the only company in the country that can provide a full-flowed eda product.
The country’s only national team, the first major shareholder, cec, has provided strong industrial chain support for nine days of technological overlap and ecological construction, and even acquisitions and mergers. China’s 9-day program, which is designed to grow into a global eda by 2030, has a clear competitive advantage and is at a fast pace of development.
Comparable companies are selected: the company’s business is mainly the development, marketing and related services of the eda tool. Two of the three major global edators, synopsys and cadence, are selected on the principle of business simple.
1. Increased competition in the sector. China’s eda market is booming with policy and capital, and competition in the sector may increase in the future as new eda firms increase, threatening the company’s position in the market.
It's difficult, and the digital design of the eda tool that companies are developing may not be as fast as expected.3 Policy support is not as fast as expected. Global eda is monopolized by three major players, domestic producers are living in a bad environment, and policy support is an important push for a national eda breakthrough, and if policy support is not as strong as expected, it may be.
Three major financial forecasts for the nine days of the year have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) and are now in the position of a securities investment advisory committee.