On the one hand, the industry of integrated circuits downstream benefits from the rapid expansion of consumption.
Fourteen times the year; the global ii market will reach $6.4 trillion, about twice the current level. We believe that the eda sector will also benefit from sustained and steady growth. On the other hand, the integrated circuits industry chain is in dire need of nationalization in the context of international technological competition.
We've got local i.e., Heith, China Chole International, China Rainbow Semiconductor, in the forefront of the world's industry, and we've achieved the autonomous control of multiple links in the integrated circuit industry, and ecological improvements are expected to accelerate the process of nationalization of the eda industry. We believe that downstream demand has erupted.
By 2020, the country’s domesticeda market had reached $6.62 billion, and by 2025, the national productionededa market had the capacity to model the entire process tool, opening up large markets for numbers and multiple chips.
Since its inception, the company has been fully engaged in simulating the circuit eda tool, and the process eda tool has been developed at an early stage, with the circuit imitation tool reaching the international leading level of 5nm. On this basis, the company has developed the panel full-flowed ed tool and reached the international leader in water.
Ping, a long-term and stable partnership with the leading players in the China-East and China-Star panels, has taken the lead in expanding their size to create a flagship advantage. Meanwhile, the company’s active deployment of digital circuits, radio frequency, storage, etc., of the eda tool for a variety of chips, has now achieved digital circuits and crystal-crystal manufacturing sites.
In the future, the company will continue to invest in research and development, while continuously upgrading the analogue eda tool and focusing on the entire process of the digital eda tool. Listed funds will be allocated to fund-raising, not to invest $1.074 billion and $293 million in research and development projects related to digital and analogue eda tools.
The ratio of digital and analog circuits in the integrated circuit market, in terms of market size, is 70% and 13%, respectively, of the 70% and the 13% of the computer industry, the main market for the eda tool. We believe that the future will be driven by research and development.
In-depth report_eda Industry Series (I): Progressively perfected tools for entry, simulation and digital circuit eda, companies are expected to open wider markets, industrial software and semiconductor two-wheel drive to build thousands
Share more market shares. Billions of digital industrial roots. 2021-09-17.
2. In-depth Chuen Electronic eda Industry Series (II): Having an international review of eda ' s international flagship business development, strengthening its own strengths through acquisitions is its expansion and development
The rise of synopsys, cadence, and mementorphics was accompanied by dozens of acquisitions to hundreds of mergers. Back home, companies had a triple advantage in technology, size, and capital.
On the technical side, the company has a simulation of the entire process eda tool, a global competitive full-flow tablet display of the circuit eda tool, and some of the dots in the field of digital circuits and crystals manufacturing. On the revenue side, the company achieved a $410 million turnover in 2020.
Entering, leading the country’s home-grown eda business, has a 6% share of the country’s local city, the fourth largest. The capital sector, 1) the company, relying on the Chinese e-group, has a potential industrial synergy and financial support advantage; 2) the company is expected to take the lead in accelerating its growth through capital.
We believe that technology, size, and capitalization are expected to continue to expand the advantages of firms as industry leaders, and that companies will be more likely to be integrated in the future.) Policy support is less than expected;
Introductory remarks: eda industry team, at the forefront of the domestic market, national production, substituting downstream high-profile catalytic company development, as we said in the first two articles of the eda series, eda's three fundamentals of development: 1)
Fabless+foundry+eda's entire ecological development to achieve a synergistic technological breakthrough; 2) core talent in place to solve core solver algorithm problems; 3) capital strength (technical support + M & A capacity) assistance to cross the valley of innovative death from technological innovation.
The conditions are already in place, together with the prospect of a rapid increase in penetration in the country, driven by national substitution and subconductor sub-highness, as follows: Eco-building: perfecting the domestic chip chain to lay the foundation for development. eda technology development is more than just one.
Pure technological breakthroughs have been developed in synergy with the Fables and Finddry entire industrial chain. Our chip production has already achieved initial autonomous control over chip design, manufacture, sealing/testing. At the chip design, manufacturing, sealing testing three stages, national producers have become world competitive and occupy many worlds.
So we believe that the integrity of the entire chip industry chain, coupled with the sustainability of our policy, is likely to accelerate the development of the national product, eda. Core talent: the domestic market of eda is growing rapidly, and the associated pool of talent is rising.
At the industry level, between 2018 and 2020, our eda entrepreneurial talent grew from 700 to 2,000, laying a good foundation for our ongoing technology breakthroughs in the eda industry. At the company level, the company president, Liu Weiping, is a computer science student at Qinghua University.
With a Ph.D., in the field of eda and integrated circuit design, the three major eda centres are responsible for the most experienced industry technocrats. The company ' s R & D team accounts for nearly 70%, 53% of its staff with a master ' s degree and 9% with a doctorate. In the technology-intensive eda industry, it is of high quality.
Capital support: Policy support adds shareholder financial strength, and companies have no difficulty crossing the early stages of innovation. The eda core solver technology barriers are extremely high, and it takes a long time from research and development to business landings.
In recent years, we have introduced a series of policies to support the development of integrated circuits, opening up green channels for the development of integrated circuits, while China’s electronics group is heavily funded for nine days. We believe that we have benefited from public funds.
Downstream highs: the electronics industry continues to be high, leading to the release of upstream eda demand. In recent years, on the one hand, it has benefited from the rapid expansion of downstream applications, such as automobiles, aiot, and so on; on the other hand, it has benefited.
The acceleration of the national production replacement process has led to a steady increase in the sales of the integrated circuit industry, which has sustained an increase of more than 15% between 2016 and 2020, bringing with it demand for the eda software. The company, as the leading global flatbed, shows a full-flow eda tool provider, whose clients already cover a number of leading businesses in the flatbed industry.
At a time when the company has made breakthrough progress in research and development and marketing in the area of simulation and digital circuit eda, it is expected to benefit more deeply from the high downstream landscape.
1.1 Nationally produced eda is the first, semiconductor industrial software is highly experienced in the development of high-quality nationally produced eda tools, creating a multi-industry full-flowed eda tool. Nine days ago, China was the eda department of the China-China Integrated Circuit Design Group, and the core members were involved in China's 1st Autonomous Full-Processed eda system.
The company has now become the largest and most complete national-producing eda enterprise in the country. Its development can be divided into three phases, depending on its business capacity and field: 1) The company created and released the original core eda tool.
The first generation of analogue circuits full-flowed eda tools, with a flat board displaying a full-cycle eda tool. During the same period, the Department and the world-pane champions worked together in Kyoto. 2) The eda tools expanded into multiple areas. After 2015, companies upgraded their original products and introduced new-generation circuit simulations, time-series optimization, etc.; and were active.
Release of new products, including time-sequencing tools, crystal-crystal engineering services, asymmetric simulation systems, etc.; 3) Acceleration of the development of a full-flowed eda tool. In 2020, companies released a new generation of analogue circuit design full-flow eda tools; 2022, release of a high-performance transistor-level power integrity analysis tool.
The company's goal is to create panels, simulations, numbers, and multidisciplinary processed tools. Based on this: 1)
The simulation eda tool was developed, and the company completed the development of the simulation circuit full-flow eda tool at an early stage, and in 2020 the simulation of the circuit eda product was fully upgraded.) Based on the early simulation circuit eda tool, the company developed the panel full-flow ed tool at its inception and has now reached the international lead, with customers covering the east of Kyoto.
In the future, the company will continue to expand the development of multi-area eda tools to cover the entire eda tool for simulations, numbers, manufactures, and special chips. We believe that the company now has a mature paneled eda.
Short, medium, long, and long three-phase strategic planning is clear, seeking to be a leader in the global eda industry. Companies are committed to becoming the world’s leading eda provider, with clear short, medium, long, and long three-phase development strategies for this purpose: 1) short-term targets
Upgrade the coverage of the tool chain and achieve international leadership with the point tools: by 2023, companies, on the one hand, will be able to complement the short product of the integrated circuit design key link eda tool while increasing the research and development of core technologies such as design, simulation, certification, etc., based on upgrading existing tools.) Medium-term targets will be process-wide coverage in specific areas to achieve full national product turnover.
Generation: By 2025, complete the process coverage of the integrated circuit design eda tool and complete the development of the crystal-crystal manufacturing eda core tools. 3) The long-term goal is to become a global industry leader in the eda industry: by 2030, achieve full process coverage of the eda tool in all fields of integrated circuit setting and manufacturing, with multiple products reaching international leadership.
Figure 2 The strategic layout of the three-phased company 1.2 The stockholding platform binds core staff, key technical talent leads company development, and the major shareholders are the Chinese e-group, which binds core staff. As of 2020, the Chinese e-group is the Chinese e-group.
The company’s first-largest shareholder, China’s wholly-owned electronics limited and China’s China-based gold investment, held 27% and 13% of the company’s shares, respectively, holding about 40% of the stock. At the same time, the China-China-Electrified group is the company’s top five clients, securing to some extent the demand for the company’s products.
Core technical and managerial staff have been set up to share the dividends of corporate development with their employees, creating a nine-time new platform for employee holding, with 22% of corporate equity and 27% of the total number of company employees being awarded shares. The company’s current equity structure is more decentralized, with no controlling shareholders and actual controllers, so that corporate decision-making is fully discussed and determined by the shareholders as a whole.
Figure 3 The equity structure of the company eda is an innovation-driven investment track with a strong demand for high-level technical talent. The company's president, Liu Weiping, and its PhD in Computer Science and Technology at the University of Qinghua, have been working for over 30 years in the field of eda and integrated circuit design.
Designers of research and development directions and strategies, winners of the National Science and Technology Progress Award, and applicants for 42 patents for inventions. Manager Yang Xiaodong, PhD in electronics and computer engineering at the University of California in Santiago, and master designer of corporate product planning, have 10 patents for inventions.
The Director General of the eda 2nd Centre is responsible for developing tools in the field of analogue circuits. The Director General of the eda 3rd Centre, Chu Jin Yong, is a professional engineer in integrated circuits at the Chinese Academy of Sciences and is responsible for tools development and technology development services in the field of crystallization manufacturing.
There is a more accurate understanding and insight into industry trends and technological directions, and the long-term stability of the company is guaranteed.
Zhu Eun-Yung, R & D Manager, Deputy Director General of Boda Wei T. Ltd.; currently eda 3rd Middle Technical Officer
General Manager of Hearts, responsible for tools development and technology development services in the field of crystalline manufacturing. 1.3 Research and development is nuclear-driven, multidisciplinary, process-eda-based tools with an emphasis on technological R & D capabilities, with nearly 70% of the R & D team. The eda industry is typical technology-driven.
In terms of division of labour, the total number of employees in 2021 was 660, of whom 494 were R & D technicians, representing up to 75%.
Fifty-three per cent of employees have a master’s degree and 9 per cent have a doctorate.
▪ Doctoral and above M.A.  undergraduate and below                                      and                 and                             and
Capacity; on the other hand, to accelerate full-tool chain coverage and consolidate the company’s domestic leadership. Specifically: 1) product upgrading, with the company investing about $500 million in circuit simulation and digital analysis to optimize the eda tool upgrade; 2) digital circuit eda engineering, with the company investing $567 million in digital design integration and validation of the eda tool, with a focus on R & D logical integration, harmonization and validation
Simulation and other tools; 3) Simulation of circuit eda tool, where the company will invest $294 million to upgrade the existing simulator eda tool to support advanced processes and to cover more design scenarios and needs; 4) Targeting specific types of chip eda tool, where the company will invest $433 million based on existing simulator full-flow platform technology
The features of storage, radio frequency, and photochip design, and the development of related features to fill gaps in this area. 1.4 The profits are rising in two ways, with a steady rise in profits from the national production of eda, which rises to $580 million, with cagr reaching 57%. The main reasons are: 1) the high temperature of the semiconductor industry in the country; 2)
In the context of international technology competition, the process of nationalization of the eda tool has accelerated, and companies have been the first to benefit from it as the leader of the national product. In terms of net return profits, the net return profits of the company grew from $49 million to 139 million yuan between 2018 and 2021.
The main reasons for this are: (1) faster growth in corporate R & D inputs; and (2) higher growth in corporate income, which is increasing rapidly, and the effects of which are becoming more pronounced. With R & D costs back, the company’s revenues are estimated to be between 82018 and 2022q1.
This is largely due to the rapid development of the domestic eda industry, which highlights and takes the lead as the leading company in the domestic production sector. At the same time, companies are actively developing technology development services, whose revenues have doubled from $10 billion in 2018, and to the growing capacity of customized software development services as a result of technological reserves.
The majority, which always accounts for more than 90 per cent of the company ' s total revenues, while the company is active in opening foreign markets, which rose from 1 per cent in 2018 to 7 per cent in 2020, accumulated toowerjazz, mps core source, Risa e-business models that are excellent and maintain a high overall Māori ratio.
Close to zero, the Māori rate is 100%. 2) The company has accumulated multi-year experience in the area of integrated circuits, created automated design service processes, process standardization, and increasing service content, reduced costs of technology development services as a percentage of management costs, and stable sales costs.
The pace of growth is largely in line with the rate of increase in revenue, which has led to a relatively stable share for three years, a deepening relationship, a further reduction in future service costs, and a steady decline in sales costs. R & D costs remain above 40%, higher than those in the eda industry. They are in technology- and knowledge-intensive industries.
Industry, with companies continuously increasing their R & D investment in R & D-driven thinking, the R & D of the company in 2018 to 2021h1 was consistently higher than the three leading companies in the international eda industry, synopsys, cadence, and siemeneseda. With high R & D input, the company had 145 licensed and registered software works as of 30 June 2021.
In addition, the company’s market share in the country’s eda market in 2020 exceeded 6% of the country’s ansys and keysight, and was the fourth largest in the country. The company’s operating cash flow was abundant and of good quality.
More than 90 per cent of the total assets of the company grew to 151 per cent in 2020, and we believe that this has benefited from an increasing number of high-quality clients of the company; on the other hand, from an increased technological capacity of the company and increased bargaining power in the industrial chain. In addition, in 2020, liquid assets of the company accounted for 57.3 per cent of the total assets, 58 per cent of which were cash assets, of which the overall assets were of better quality and cash.
Adequate reserves ensure further growth of the company in the future. Charts 152018 to 2022q1 runs the cash flow 2 integrated circuit industry core and national production-driven industries accelerate development
2.1 The integrated circuit design brain, the foundation of the trillion-dollar electronics industry, eda is the inevitable option for the development of the integrated circuit design, and the underlying technology of the electronics industry. The electronic design automation (eda) is the use of computer-assisted design software to complete the functional design, integration, and integration of the super-large integrated circuit chip.
Validation, physical design, etc. The design of processes. As the semiconductor industry grows and the integrated circuit complexness index rises, manual mapping is no longer possible, so the eda tool for solving integrated circuit set-up problems using computer-assisted devices becomes essential for design.
Inevitably, according to Professor Andrewkahng of the University of California at San Diego, technological progress in the eda has led to a nearly 200-fold increase in efficiency and a reduction in the design cost of consumer soc from $7.7 billion to $45 million. By application, the eda tool cuts through multiple electronic design links, covering digital chip design, simulation, etc.
Design, tablet displays circuit design, crystal round manufacturing, encapsulation testing, system simulation, etc.
At the heart of all kinds of electronic information equipment, military, civilian, commercial, is the chip, and the roots of the development of the electronic information technology industry are the chip. From the entire industry chain, eda is the most upstream industry in chip manufacturing, widely applied to digital design, simulation design, crystallized manufacturing, encapsulation, systems of five types, production efficiency for the industry, product technology and water.
On the design side, designers must use the eda tool to design complex integrated circuits for multi-billion transistors to reduce deviations, improve success rates and save costs. On the manufacturing side, the next generation of eda technologies based on new materials, new processes will bring new development opportunities for integrated circuit performance enhancement and smaller sizes.
Figure 18 Integrated circuit industry chain eda plays a major role in chip manufacturing, and is a support point for the trillion-dollar electronic information industry. As the chip process is fine, the runoff costs become more and more expensive, and the eda technology becomes an irreplaceable part of chip manufacturing. eda
Technology can help designers greatly improve their efficiency, shorten their design cycles, and save on design costs. From the eda market, according to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the eda market grew by 10% in 2020, at its highest rate in nearly five years, while the global eda market is expected to grow by 2025, according to the researchchandmarkets.
In the electronics sector, the market for semiconductor manufacturing, which is directly supported by eda, is as large as $70 billion, and upwards support the trillion-scale digital economy, with a leverage effect close to 200 times. Domestic integrated circuit markets are the largest and fastest growing compared to other parts of the globe, and the leverage of the eda tool is more visible.
eda's business development strategy is diverse and long-term market space is available. mature eda firms have started to expand outward, more diversified business layouts, and there are currently two main development strategies in the market that combine eda tools. 1) Explore the outreach of eda software: cadence and synopsys are world leaders in the eda industry and have started to do so.
eda is a core of multiple business extensions, with new synopsys set-up network security operations, in addition to the ip core, yielding about $300 million a year; cadence rolls out hardware operations with analogue accelerators based on a strong simulation capability. 2) eda co-development: Keysight has been a soft and synergized development as a leader in the telecommunications radio field of eda.
Strategy, using the edge of the eda software to take the lead in reaching out to clients and thus making it easier to promote scientific instrument products; and ansys, deep-cultivating real-world, with not only a variety of tools associated with integrated circuit simulation, but also a multi-area layout of fluids, electromagnetics, etc.
2.2 Demand, supply, policy three-fold resonance, national production of eda, rapid ecological improvement of the integrated circuits, laying the ground for national production of eda. From the point of view of the industrial chain, the country has achieved self-control at several key points.
Fabless are already in the world's leading position; 2) Chip manufacturing chain: national producers are world competitive, with the world's top 10 crystalline plants ranked fifth in the world, and the China-Crystal group ranked sixth in the world; 3) chip encapsulation test: our country is more competitive in covering testing, and the world's top 10 containment testing plants have long electrotech.
Third, access to micro-power is ranked fifth, and technology in China is sixth. From a market perspective, on the one hand, international technological competition is intense, and on the other hand, domesticization of the chip-wide chain is promising, with eda being an important link; on the other hand, the market for downstream electronics is growing rapidly, driving the development of the chip industry as a whole.
The domestic market for eda is growing rapidly, and the associated pool of talent is rising. In the domestic market, the three major international edifiers, synopsys, cadences and meetings (siemenseda) dominate the market, but domestic brands continue to thrive, breakthroughs have been made in some areas, and the overall share is rising.
Between 2018 and 2020, the sales of production-eda tools increased from 910 million yuan in 2020, including 150 million yuan in foreign sales and 760 million yuan in domestic sales. In addition, domestic eda enterprises continued to absorb eda-related talent, and between 2018 and 2020, our eda-based talent grew from 700 people.
Growth to 2,000 people has laid a good foundation for a future technological breakthrough in the country’s eda industry. Chart 22,2018 to 2020, our eda business sales policy continued to grow, protecting the development of eda technology.
In order not to be lost abroad in the area of integrated circuits, the country has had to suspend the development of domestic eda software and use external eda software. At this stage, the country is facing even greater international technological competition, and the integrated circuit design and eda tools have once again become a top priority for policy support. In 2016, the country launched an integrated circuit design lead.
In 2019, the State again introduced tax incentives in the area of integrated circuit design, followed by a special initiative to upgrade manufacturing capacity in 2019-2022. In 2022, the State Council issued Policies for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Integrated Circuit Industry and Software Industry for the New Period.
Investment financing policy, research and development policy, export and import policy, talent policy, intellectual property policy, market application policy, and international cooperation policy in eight areas contribute to the eda sector.
Demand, supply, policy three-fold resonance, and national-owned eda enterprise development. At present, three companies, Cadence, Synopsys and Siemenseda, continue to dominate the country’s eda industry, with a combined municipal rate of 77 per cent, while the three majors remain a significant leader in terms of technology, product completion and abundance.
In the context of policy support, brain surges and strong corporate investment in research and development, national-owned eda enterprises have emerged, and national-owned eda companies have achieved international leadership in the area of panel eda tools, full process coverage in the area of analogue eda tools, and point tools in the area of digital eda tools.
By 2021, it had reached 6% in the domestic market of the country’s eda, surpassing the share of its ansys and keysight.
3 Create the first national production simulation full-flow eda, layout numbers eda open enough up-to-up space 3.1 simulation full-flow eda supplier with point tools leading internationally
The company owns the analogue entire processeda tool, which is the only provider in the country that simulates the entire process eda tool, which supports the 5nm process. The company has analogue circuit eda tools, including the principles and layout editing tool, the circuit simulation tool, the physical validation tool, the sender parameter extraction tool and the reliability analysis tool.
Specifically, the company circuit simulation tool alps supports the state-of-the-art 5nm process, and the rest of the eda tool supports the 28nm process. At this point, the simulation chip has a longer life cycle, lower requirements for advanced process processes, and most of the simulation circuit chip is in the lead at the international level.
Products are still using a mature process of 28 nm and above, downstream chip designers are more concerned about performance, reliability and achievement, and the company ' s analogue circuit design eda tool system has been able to meet most of the market demand.
Principles and layout editing tool aether: An advanced multitool integration platform that provides users with a one-stop design experience. The principles and layout editing tool is mainly used to help designers create and edit symbols libraries and circuit maps. The company 's aether software supports both design needs for different circuit types and physical rules for different processes.
, e.g. circuit component symbol generation, widget parameter editing and physical graphic editing, while adding to the traditional editing environment the ability to design database management modules, version management modules, imitation environment modules and external interface modules, further improving design efficiency.
ARPs, physical validation tools emplyreanaargus and parasitic parameter extraction tools empyrean rcexporer, etc., form multi-tool platforms to achieve smooth and efficient one-stop design processes. Circuit simulation toolalps: Simulation acceleration and large-scale matrix smart resolution technology to support world leaders
5nm process. A circuit simulation tool can simulate the functionality and real-time state of the circuit, without the need to create a physical circuit, thereby saving expensive in-kind construction costs. As the size of the circuit rises significantly, balancing simulation time and simulation accuracy becomes the core of the software. Faced with industry pains, the company has creatively developed two cores.
Technology: 1) cpu-gpu imitation acceleration technology, which uses gpu to be more suitable for operation with a larger number of features, significantly improves the efficiency of simulations by delivering device calculations and matrix resolution to gpu in the simulation algorithm. 2) Large-scale matrix smart resolution technology, which can automatically select the best based on the matrix characteristics of different modules in the circuit
The matrix solver has significantly increased its solver efficiency. Compared to the conventional circuit simulation tool, the arps, with two new technologies, have achieved capacity and performance improvements without sacrificing the accuracy of the simulation.
Physical validation tool, argus: Two major technological innovations, significantly shortening the design cycle. Physical verification tool masters, which are to be used to check the compatibility of circuit design plans with manufacturing processes, and the consistency between layout design and circuit design, serve to remove design errors, reduce design costs and reduce design failure.
On the one hand, based on traditional scanning line technology, the Division has developed two core techniques of border-based scanning line technology and pre-processing technology to enhance analytical efficiency; on the other hand, argus can integrate seamlessly into the principles map editing tool ataeth
, forming a one-stop design and validation solution. From a downstream client, argus has obtained the approval of several advanced crystal mills and has now succeeded in moving more than a billion pieces.
Checks (lvs) for map 31 versus schematic (lvs) are able to achieve high-efficiency extraction of stratification grid tables • complete distance, graphic relationships, density, antennas, etc.
Traditional drc rule check • provides special path checks, short/open roads • can bury graphics, edges and angles, etc.
• Comparison of the principle chart's intuitive display of contrast differences
Sensor parameter extraction tool rcexporer: Balancing high speed and accuracy requirements. Sent-in effect should have a significant impact on model accuracy in a complex ic setup, which can be analysed and optimized by a parasitic parameter extraction tool. rcexporer can focus on speed and accuracy according to different accuracy requirements.
Switch between modes, perform accurate and fast send-off analysis for all stages of the chip frame design, and provide support to optimize circuit performance and reliability. On speed, the company ' s self-researched fast-retarded grid extraction technology uses many advanced optimisation algorithms, cutting the subject under analysis and simplifying its equivalents, and achieving a rapid response to the large-scale grid.
In terms of accuracy, the company ' s self-researched technology for resolution of the fractal equation, capable of regional decomposition and acceleration algorithms based on boundary elemental methods, self-adaptation grid partition algorithms and efficient iterative resolution algorithms to achieve high-precision parasitic parameter extraction. 3.2 mature panel full-flowed eda tool with global technological competitiveness
The Division has the leading global tablet displaying the full-flowed-eda tool, with clients covering a number of leading flat-line industry firms. The Division has the global lead tablet displaying the full-flowed-eda tool system, covering the entire process of schematic editing, device model extraction, circuit simulation, physical validation, parasitic parameter extraction and reliability analysis.
Integration into a unified design platform provides designers with a one-stop solution, from design to validation, that allows the flatboard display circuit design process to be smooth and efficient. In addition, the company has introduced a series of advanced technologies, represented by 3D modelling algorithms, that have significantly improved the design for amoled panels, heterogeneous display panels, and higher resolution requirements.
The company now has a long-term and stable partnership with leading panel firms in Kyoto East, China Star, and Huanjien. The company is now globally competitive in the field of circuit design. On the supply side, the public product meets a number of special requirements, including displaying circuit design for watches, mobile phones, car dashboards, etc.
Support from the demand side: The company’s downstream customers include a number of head panel manufacturers, the long-term prosperity of the panel industry, the flat board displays the circuit principles and layout editing tool aetherfpd: the advanced automated editing platform of the heteroscreen age. With the demand for the heteroscreens, such as the water drip screens, the ocean screens of Liu, and so forth, the tablet displays the pixel units of the circuits.
The design of electrical modules, such as control units, requires much more efficient tool for the editing of schematic diagrams. Aaetherfpd breaks the traditional pattern of manual editing of heterodographic charts, creatively uses spin unit editing techniques and alien filling techniques to generate automatic design results by definition and significantly improves design efficiency.
In addition, the aetherfpd platform can integrate physical verification tools under the corporate flag, rcexplorerfpd, reliability analysis tool, et cetera, et cetera.
The tablet displays argusfpd: A depth fit with an irregular circuit and optimizes the algorithm plus the error process. The physical validation tool is used to test the consistency between layout design and circuit design to remove design errors.
Reduces the risk of failure. Argusfpd not only is capable of performing the basic functions of the design rules check (drc) and the schematic consistency check (lvs) of the conventional physical validation tool, but also of having a large number of round arcs and multi-angle rotations of graphic geometry for the alien screen, using high-precision device extraction and rule check techniques, identifying the irregular locations in the design, output
For the analysis of the results set, the question of authentication of irregular circuits and layouts was resolved. In addition, for flat boards showing high levels of circuit repetition, argusfpd uses design rule violation identification and clustering techniques that greatly enhance the efficiency of error detection and analysis of design irregularities by classifying processing algorithms.
Chart 35 Design Rule Infraction Sets The location of Design Rule Infractions in Diagram 34 The flatboard displays the circuit design parasitic parameter extraction tool rcexplorerfpd: A 3D modeling algorithm, achieved
Characteristic extraction of a complex structure. The effect of the inter-circuit device should affect the performance of the function, and the extraction of the parasitic parameters is one of the prerequisites for optimizing the design. rcexplaterfpd displays the technology of the resistor capacitation by displaying high-precision flats to help improve the layout design and reduce the effect of the send-in response to the negative effects of the flatbed circuit.
The new generation of touch pens for touch control technologies, the company's development of a three-dimensional modelling algorithm combining graphics and process data, the ability to quickly create three-dimensional structural models for complex processes, and the accurate analysis of electrical properties of circuits. At the same time, the time-consuming process of extracting full-scale map parameters has increased significantly as flatboard displays increase resolution, and the company has developed array-based electrical resistance and resistance.
Capacitation extraction technology, which converts the whole picture into a cell by analysing reusable arrays, to achieve a fast flatbed display of circuit design reliability analysis tool atartemisfpd: providing a visually efficient debugging environment. The tablet shows that products need to be exposed to temperature pressure from outside, as well as to their own voltage drop and transport effects.
A rigorous reliability analysis is required to avoid electrical and optical defects. The artemisfpd software contains, in addition to voltage decomposition, electrical transport analysis and thermal analysis, an analysis of voltage, current and temperature distribution. The query function provides a visual and visual debugging environment.
To reduce the size of the data by analysing high-repeated displays, high-speed decomposition node voltage and currents, with a significant increase in the distribution of currents and the distribution of current density on chart 39 flats.
3.3 A breakthrough in the digital circuit eda dot tool is expected to open up the digital ic design wide market Digital eda dot dot break, and the digital circuit design can be divided into two parts: front end and back end: front end
Count: Conversion of design requirements into door-level grid table circuits, with major processes including specification development, detailed design, simulation validation, logical integration, etc. Backend design: conversion of door-level grid circuits into design layouts, with major processes including layout wiring, parasitic parameter extraction, time sequence analysis optimization, layout physics validation, etc.
The modules library/ip quality validation tool, high accuracy time sequence simulation tool, time-sequence power optimization tool, image integration and analysis tool, clock quality review and analysis tool, and feature extraction tool for the library, all of which support the 5nm-level process, except for the customization of the libraries.
In addition, the company's current fund-raising campaign will focus on the development of the eda tool in the field of digital circuit design. In a breakthrough, the company will invest $567 million and $507 million, respectively, in the digital design integration and validation of the eda tool development project and the electrical simulation and digital analysis optimization project, for a total of $1,074 million.
Coverage and international competitiveness in the field of word circuits. The modular library feature extraction tool liberal: Effectively enhances simulation efficiency by using distributed parallel dispatching techniques.
Integrated circuit design basic modules. The company ' s liberal tool allows the standard unit to be simulated through built-in circuit simulation tool alps, accurately extracts time sequences and utility features, forms a standard cell library feature file, and also supports comparison of the data, attributes and structure of the module library, and ensures the quality of the module library file. In addition, the company-specific process
The pains of a significant increase in the time required for the customized extraction process of the library in the context of continuous development, increased design complexity, an in-depth study of the algorithmic process and the development of an efficient distributed parallel dispatch technology, which uses multiserver, multi-process, multi-twice approaches to enhance simulation parallels significantly reduce the overall simulation time.
High-precision time sequence simulation tool xtime: adapts to advanced 5nm processes and effectively upgrades circuit time sequence analysis reliability. Clock beats are the main driving logic of digital circuits, while time series directly influence the functionality and performance of the chip, so time-series analysis is a key step in the design process.
xtime, able to adapt to advanced 5nm processes and low voltage design requirements, accurately complete time series and reliable analysis, and in addition, the company has developed reliability analysis techniques based on time-series paths, through which functions such as high accuracy time-simulation verification, voltage/temperature sensitivity analysis, rapid process deviation analysis and aging simulation analysis are integrated
In xtime, for designers to analyse the reliability of circuit time series under specific physical conditions, aging state, etc. Time-sequencing power optimization tool xtop: based on three core technologies, one-stop time-sequencing optimization solutions are provided. Time series and power consumption are the two most important performance indicators for digital circuit design, and designers need to optimize by technical means.
With three core technologies, the company ' s xtop can provide a one-stop solution for advanced processes, large-scale design and multi-worksite time-use optimization tasks. 1) Tier-level design data parallel processing technology can effectively reduce design data reading time and reduce memory consumption in large-scale data processing; 2) dynamic time-sequencing
(c) incremental layout techniques that accurately assess the impact of the unit on the line, and the optimal location of the module for quick resolution by optimization algorithms.
Chart 44 time-series power analysis Chart 45 Atlas integration and analysis
The combination and scale of the chips have increased dramatically, and regular graphic viewing and editing tools are difficult to adapt to and should be read and analysed on a super-large scale. The company's kskipper has created a parallel reading technique and a fast graphics system, which greatly enhances the image reading performance by automatically generating index files, partial readings, quick positioning, etc.
It makes it possible to quickly find a specific graphic. In addition, the mapping data memory mirror technology developed by the company has enabled a number of people to work together and improve overall efficiency through digital and data synchronization algorithms. 3.4. Multi-area process tool development in the layout has a wide potential for future growth.
The company's existing crystal circle manufacturing eda tools include device model extraction tools, memory compiler development tools, modular library feature extraction tools, modular library/ip quality validation tools, map integration and analysis tools, etc.
With increased R & D inputs and faster R & D, the crystal-made eda tool is expected to be synergized, covering more manufacturing processes and opening a wider market. The company has accumulated excellent crystal-forming customers such as rainbow macros, walif, and toowerlazz. For specific types of chip eda, the company plans to invest $433 million in storage chips, shootings, etc.
The development of eda-wide process tools in areas such as frequency chips and PV chips is aimed at filling the technological gaps in the country and will, in the future, create effective competition with leading international firms such as Keysight, ansys, etc.
Device model extraction tool xmodel: An efficient modeling technique is implemented using the device model parameter alignment technique. The device model is a specific parameter relating to the function and performance of the device, a precise description of the device's current voltage relationship, which provides the basis for the circuit simulation. The process development engine model is more complex, and the efficient parameter alignment technique becomes the reaction device.
The company undertakes an in-depth study of the physical mechanism of the device and the equation of the device model, and develops the device model parameter alignment technique. The xmodel using this technique classifies test data for various types of device, compares the actual and imitation data, achieves efficient modeling through an iterative optimization algorithm, and provides more visual data graphics.
In addition, xmodel serves as an open platform to assist academia and industry in the development and validation of advanced models while achieving multiple customization needs.
Storage compiler development tool smcb: One-stop store compiler development program. Storage compiler compiler is the base ip used to generate different capacity storage units and related data files, which is provided to the designer by the Crystal Circle Factory. The storage compiler development tool smcb provides circuit integration, layout puzzle, feature extraction and ip distribution.
A one-stop solution for the distribution of multi-process, multi-type memory compilers. The tool uses company-driven memory compiler circuits and layout integration techniques to improve the integration of circuits and layouts through automatic alignment, automatic connectivity, etc.
Figure 48 Editor Development Tool Map I 4 Three Factors to Secure Corporate Development, Eda Lead Futures, 4.1 Chip Industry Sustained High Viewing, Corporate Expansion of Simulation Digital Large Markets
During the last five years, on the one hand, it has benefited from the rapid expansion of downstream applications in the electronics sector, such as automobiles, alot, etc., and, on the other hand, from the acceleration of the national production replacement process in the integrated circuits and the continued growth of sales in the integrated circuits sector.
From 2016 to 2020, our IED sector continued to grow at a rate of more than 15%. Specifically, ICL sales increased at a rate of more than 20% for the fifth consecutive year, and ICL manufacturing at a rate of around 20%. We believe that, as downstream demand and product types expand, ICs are designed and manufactured.
Businesses will face a more diversified demand that will require more and more sophisticated eda software to meet design manufacturing needs, and the future eda tool industry is expected to maintain a sustained high profile.
A mature whole-flow paneled-eda tool is based, horizontally expanded simulations, and a large digital market. As a global leader, a flat-board displaying full-flowed-eda tool provider, the company has already reached out to a number of leading flat-board industry firms, adding a high degree of prosperity to the downstream panel industry, bringing stable and significant growth in revenue to the company, and creating a model for the company.
In terms of market size, the market for downstream analogue circuits and digital circuits is much larger than the market for the original PVs where the flats display the circuits. In 2020, digital circuits accounted for about 70% of the market for integrated circuits, more than $300 billion, 13% for analogue circuits, and more than 55 billion for the market.
United States dollars. Once firms have made breakthrough progress in R & D and marketing in the area of simulation and digital circuited eda, they are expected to compete in a wider market and achieve a rapid increase in revenue.
4.2 The trend towards national production of integrated circuits determines that eda grows with industry ecology, and ecological construction is the basis for progress in eda. From an entire industrial chain, the eda product development model is an iron triangle model, behind which eda progress is an increase in capacity in the entire industrial chain.
The second top point is the faundry manufacturer, which, with the support of the faundry factory on the documentation, process parameters (pdk), can be used by the eda manufacturer to draw up a curve to match the actual flow curves, the better the match is the maturity of the tool; and the third top point is the faundry manufacturer, which is the main enabler of the eda tool.
And complex design, the evolution of the complex design of the Fablesss manufacturer will bring new opportunities and improved space to the eda manufacturer. The domestic chip industry is growing rapidly, laying the ground for the development of the national eda. From the industrial chain point of view, chip manufacturing is divided mainly into chip design, chip manufacturing, sealing/testing.
Specifically: 1) Chip Design Section: China is the world's leader in terms of technical capabilities, including Heath and others, and 2) Chip Manufacturing Section: We are clearly competitive internationally, with China in fifth place and China in eighth place as the semiconductor of China's rainbow; 3) Chip Envelope Test Section: I
The country is more competitive in the encapsulation tests, with the world's top 10 containment testing plants with long-power technology in the third, medium-rich, and Chinese technology in the fifth and sixth places. From a market perspective, on the one hand, international technology is highly competitive, and there is much to be gained from the nationalization of the whole chain of chips, with eda as an important link; on the other hand, downstream electronics.
The commodity market has grown rapidly, and the demand for chips in markets such as mobile phones, computers, smart cars, and iot products has driven the development of the chip industry as a whole. We believe that now that the domestic industrial chain is gradually complete and downstream demand is rising, the country has the ground for technological development in the eda.
Clients cover domestic chip design and manufacturing, following ecological advances. In the larger context of national production in the integrated circuit industry, companies are actively working with the country’s leading integrated circuit design, manufacturing, and sealing companies to expand their operations rapidly and increase downstream penetration. As domestic chip self-sufficiency rises, core technologies and software are replaced by national production.
As we deepen, the country will eventually form a complete chain of chip industries, and the domestic eda industry, which is still in its early stages, will either be driven by downstream or ecologic growth, and will grow together into autonomous, advanced national semiconductor ecosystems. We believe that companies will come from here.
There are good prospects for future development as a result of cooperation with leading companies downstream of the country.
♪ I'm so happy ♪ ♪ I'm so happy ♪ ♪ I'm so happy ♪ ♪ I'm so happy ♪
And they say, "Short force, husk core, renesas, renes, renes."
Diodes 4.3 Recapitulates the history of enterprise development at the enterprise level, and companies are expected to become domestic industrial aggregates. Looking back at the history of international eda, M & As are central to eda enterprise development expansion.
The three big players in the industry, which are characterized by a wide variety of types, a fine division of labour and high technical barriers in the field, rely on mergers and acquisitions to expand their product lines after the rise of a given area, rely on the dual power of technology plus capital, and “stuff” potential challengers in the bud while expanding the strong product lines.
In the second case, menorgrappics made nearly 50 acquisitions. The size of the market also shows that the most frequent synopsys take up the largest share of the global market. In particular, there have been a number of major acquisitions that have led to the current market pattern, such as the 2001 synopsys acquisition of avanti, which has been supplemented by a number of figures.
In 2008, synopsys succeeded in gaining access to fpga and fast-growing prototype markets through the acquisition of synpicity. Technology and scale are home-grown leaders, and are expected to become national producers of the eda industry.
One of the most extensive companies in the country with global leadership of the full-flow panel eda tool, domestic leadership of the full-flow eda tool, and digital circuit eda and crystal-made eda tool capabilities is one of the largest. On the scale of the collection, China’s share of the home-grown revenue has surpassed its share of the businessys in nine days.
And Keysight became the fourth largest manufacturer of the domestic eda industry. At the same time, the company relied on the Chinese electronics group, which gave it greater financial support.
The combination of size advantages makes companies more likely to be integrated in the industry.
i. Full-streamed-eda tool Corporate-wide-flowed-eda tool is the full-flow-eda tool for analogue circuits and panel-wide circuits, with a higher proportion of the total-flow share assumed for future analogue circuits according to city-scale scenarios;
2) As companies strengthen their tools for each point in the future, it is assumed that there will be a small increase in the value of the product; Māori rates continue to be maintained at 100 per cent.
1. In the future, as companies strengthen their tools for each point and complete the missing point tool, assume the price of the product, and other and technology development services, the crystal-crystal manufacturing eda tool is currently less sensitive, barriers to alternatives to national production are lower and expected to increase at a relative rate.
(b) Use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of accuracy or completeness, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are only for information.