Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) 9 days of buy-in (301269.sz) Nationally produced eda tool lead business
9 days in China: the only manufacturer in mainland China that can provide a full-flowed eda (electronicdesign automation, electronic design automation) tool. The company has achieved a simulation chip design and flat-board full-flow eda tool coverage with digital circuit design and crystal-crystal manufacturing.
The eda industry: the eda tool strategy is significant, America’s three giants are monopolized, and national production is accelerating.
According to sustainability, the global market for eda was $13 billion in 2021, and our country was $12 billion because of the software-authorized business model, which was less cyclical than the semiconductor industry as a whole. The world’s top three eda manufacturers, Cadence, Syropsys, and Siemens, eda, occupied.
Seventy-eight per cent of the world, 77 per cent of the country’s market share, high levels of research and development, high barriers, and continuous mergers and acquisitions of local products. Currently, eda’s national production rate is less than 10 per cent, eda’s strategic importance as the key foundation of the semiconductor industry is weak, and the international situation has forced eda’s national production to develop rapidly, while we have integrated electricity.
Road design also maintains an annual growth rate of more than 20%, increasing the number of design firms from 1700 in 2018 to 2810, bringing about rapid national production penetration opportunities. The company’s product lines are broadly configured, simulation-wide processes are perfect, and digital-type energy complements key-point tools are available.
The Division’s founding team was involved in the design of China’s first autonomous intellectual property, eda, with a very strong technology.
Real tools support the 5nm process, which meets most of the market demand, and flat-board design eda technology (8621) 61038318 leading. The development of eda requires close collaboration up and down, with companies and major integrated circuit design firms, both domestic and foreign.
The company's current fund-raising investment project will enhance the usefulness of the existing eda tool.
Capability, performance, capacity, etc., further enhances the advantages of simulation design and simulation, while developing new products and technologies for digital circuits to fill gaps in key areas of domestic eda tools. Progress in R & D, with products at less rapid pace than expected; loss of skilled personnel; and international trade.
i. The eda software industry: an indispensable design tool, a national alternative to national production eda software: an indispensable support for integrated circuit design and production
eda (electronicdesign automation, electronic design automation) is the way in which processes such as functional design, validation, physical design ( layout, layout, layout, etc.) of integrated circuits are designed using computer-assisted design software.
The entire process of performance analysis and design of the ic map is done by computer autoprocessing, eda contains a set of automotive processes for the design of the circuit system, system simulation, design synthesis, pcb graphic design and layout. eda applications include analogue circuits, digital circuits, fpga, pcb, panels, etc.
The integrated circuit eda tool can be divided into manufacturing, design (numbers and simulations) and sealing type eda tools. The manufacturing type eda is a mill assisted by tools such as device modelling and simulation, good rate analysis, etc.
After the design of the conductor and the manufacturing process, the model of the semiconductor device is made available to the integrated circuit design enterprise by pdk (processeddeignkit) or by creating a ip and standard cell bank. The design type eda tool is the pdk or ip and standard unit provided by the base dry crystallization plant.
The library provides design services for chip designers. Broadly, the eda also includes pcb, tablet display design tools, system simulation and prototype validation, and design tools such as cpld/fpga. pdk is a set of documents describing the details of semiconductor processes, supplied by crystallized plants and used for chip design eda tools. pdk usually contains elements that reflect the basic elements of the manufacturing process: transistors, contact holes, interconnection.
Pdk includes design rule files, electro-rule files, layout-level definition files, spice simulation models, device layouts, custom parameters, etc. The complexity of integrated circuits drives the development of eda. The number of transistors within individual chips is tens of millions of transistors, requiring a highly automated set of design tools and design processes to complete circuit design,
. Currently, mature overseas eda companies cover all stages of the design process in different categories of ic. For example, the digital design eda tool is divided mainly into pre-end design (logical design: from set-up).
Depending on need, on the output door-level grid table circuit, the main processes for front-end design include specification development, detailed design, Hdl encoding, simulation validation, logical integration, static time-series analysis, form validation) and back-end design (physical design: from door-level grid circuit to output-ic design layout, main processes for back-end design)
It includes two components: detectability design, layout planning, clock tree synthesis, cabling, parasitic parameter extraction, and layout mapping validation. The eda sector accounts for a smaller share of the market size of the integrated circuit industry as a whole, but in the tens of billions of dollars left.
The size of the global market for eda is rising steadily. According to Esdaiiiance, the global market for eda was $13 billion in 2021.
According to data from China’s semiconductor industry association, China’s market pattern in 2021 was about RMB 12 billion, an increase of 29% in the same year, or about 14% of the global market share. In 2020, the Americas was the largest of the world’s major market revenues, followed by the Asia-Pacific region.
The Asia-Pacific region accounted for 35 per cent of total revenue, the most important of which was mainland China and Taiwan Bay. In the area of breakdown, computer-assisted engineering and ip were the main sales component of eda, all links.
The ratio is basically stable. According to edaliance, the most important part of eda industry trading model is ip, which in 2020 accounted for 35% of the market share; followed by computer-assisted engineering, which accounted for 32%; and physical design and certification, pcb and mcm, which accounted for 21% and 9%, respectively.
Figure 5: North America created barriers to high R & D and continued M & As expansion for the largest market in eda, the three major international eda giants synopsys,
Cadence and siemenseda (the 2016 acquisition of angravacic). The three companies are in the first tier with a significant lead, with a global market share close to 80%. Nine days in China and several other companies, with full-flow tools in some areas or on a local basis.
The third echelons focus mainly on point tools for specific areas or uses, overall size and product integrity, and the top two echelons.
[ CATEGORY NAME, CATCH, CADINE]
The three giants in overseas companies have the ability to provide a full set of chip designs for the eda solution, but...
Competitiveness varies in specific areas and applications, with different advantages. 1) synopsys: The company was established in 1986 and is based in California.
(b) 2) Cadence: The company was merged in 1988 by the sda and ecad, also based in California, United States of America, with the advantage of customized circuits and layout designs for analog and blending signals;
3) Siemenseda (formerly amentorgrapics): Founded in 1981, based in Wilsonville, U.S.A., 2016, Siemens acquired mementor graphics for $4.5 billion, incorporated into Siemens Digital Industries Software, and then the Siemens acquired them.
Solido, cossa, ultrasoc, etc., further enriches the company’s product lines. The advantage is that the field of physical verification has a prominent advantage, as well as a certain advantage in the production of circuit boards.
80% up and down. eda needs rapid design exploration for thousands of scenarios involving multidisciplinary applications such as computers, mathematics, physics, and integrated circuit design. We believe that eda’s development requires long-term technological investment, talent development, and patent accumulation.
The long-term high-intensity R & D input of eda has been one of the key factors for its long-term competitiveness, with synopsys maintaining long-term R & D costs at around 35 per cent and M & D rates at around 80 per cent: cadence R & D costs at about 40 per cent and M & D rates slightly higher than synopsys.
The lead eda is expanding through M&As, and the product lines are rapidly improving. The development history of the eda is a M&A history, and the cadence of one of the troika was made in 1988 by a combination of ecadsystems and sda systems.
Enterprises, over the past 30 years, have acquired nearly 300 M&As in the eda industry. Eda M&As, on the one hand, want to expand their product lines and, on the other, strangle competitors in the bud.
Nearly 40% of the backend layout market was acquired; synopsys successfully entered the fpga and fast-growing prototype market by acquiring synpicity in 2008.
The US embargo on China’s eda software technology has prompted domestic eda enterprises to speed up their R& D and open up their domestic markets. The three largest players in the eda industry are synopsys, cadence, and siemenseda.
The U.S. is dominant in the eda industry. In 1993, the first autonomous intellectual property tool in China, the eda tool, the panda iccad system, was successfully developed by the Chinese Wigand Electronics. In 1994, the U.S. lifted the eda restrictions on China, and all domestic enterprises used external eda software to produce their own country.
The restrictions imposed by the United States Department of Commerce on such companies as China Communications and Huai Hong, since 2018, have provided domestic eda firms with an opportunity to accelerate their R&D progress and further open their domestic markets. With China’s fast-growing integrated circuits industry, China’s integrated circuit design industry has generated revenues and designs.
The rapid increase in the number of industries and the fact that the eda tool, as the basic tool for integrated circuit design, will also benefit from a highly dynamic downstream market, which will continue to grow in size.
The eda industry is a talent-intensive industry, and the number of local entrepreneurs is constantly increasing. The eda industry is a technology-intensive industry with complex technology requirements and difficult product development, requiring research and development personnel with a wide range of expertise in computers, software development, integrated circuits, physics, etc., industry barriers.
High, it takes about 10 years to develop an eda. Between 2018 and 2020, while China’s eda industry has a higher number of talent in domestic and foreign firms than in local firms, the gap is narrowing.
The total market sales were 280 million yuan, 460 million yuan and 760 million yuan, respectively, and the company's market share in the area of eda remained stable at the top of the local eda sector, with a share of more than 50 per cent.
Figure 18: Distribution within and outside the national production of the eda tool since its creation in 2009, nine days after the beginning of the year, the country has also seen the emergence of eda companies like Chuen Electronics, Wide Microelectronics, Microgroups, Core and Semiconductors, Swigs, Heart Vision, etc.
In the area of integrated circuits, nine days ago, China was the only country in the world to have a full-flowed eda tool for simulating circuit design: Hullen electronics modeling and circuit simulation were truly competitive on the international market; Silig is the leading industrial fast prototype validation and emulation system eda worker.
With R & D, marketing and design service providers, currently serving more than 500 clients worldwide, many of them globally renowned enterprises; and with extensive micro-enterprises offering chip-finishing upgrades and electrons to the semiconductor industry, testing programmes that provide clients with software, hardware system products based on testing chips, as well as overall solutions.
Figure 22: Comparison of the size of domestic eda receipts (millions of yuan); eda business model, based on regular eda authorizations and ip authorizations, with low cycle fluctuations eda periodic authorization fees: eda manufacturers sign contracts with clients for a period of three years;
The fee model helps smooth the collection of firms in the industry and mitigates the impact of downstream industry fluctuations. eda software is usually updated as a result of the development of semiconductive institutional processes and the upgrading of the design process.
ip Business Authorization Fees: These consist mainly of both authorized and royalties. Authorisations are generally paid in advance when ip authorizations are determined, while royalties are charged when using ip's chip design firm's project volume, generally on the basis of a percentage of the processed crystal round price (generally not exceeding 3% crystal round price).
In the case of synopsys and cadence, 57 per cent of eda operations in synopsys and 33 per cent of authorized operations in 2020; 76 per cent of eda operations in cadence and ip authorized operations
Two: China’s nine days: the country’s production eda leads, the product lines are relatively complete, 1. The company’s technology has accumulated and continues to generate high levels of research and development inputs.
The company was established in 2009 and has been focusing on the development of the eda tool. Some members of the company's initial team were involved in the development of China's first full-flowed eda system with autonomous intellectual property rights, the Bear Caticcad system, including the company's founder, Dr. Liu Weiping.
The Division started publishing the first generation of time-series power optimization tools, the company's successive release of a one-stop version of the Atlas Integration and Disaggregation Tool, the analogue entire flow-eda tool system for circuit design, the flatboard display of the full process for circuit design, the eda tool system, the high-performance parallel circuit simulation tool, etc., and the company launched the crystal-crystal manufacturer in 2018.
The company has become the largest, most complete product line and the most integrated technology in the country by building up and enhancing its research and development skills.
Strong provider of eda tools. Chart 30: Historical evolution of companies 150 patents and 67 registered copyrights for software, R & D costs 2019-2021
At the end of the year, the company had a total of 660 employees, of whom 51 had doctorates and higher degrees, 351 had master ' s degrees and over 60% had master ' s and higher degrees.
Founder, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 9th Days of China, and successively at the University of Al-Qidan and the University of Qinghua, he was awarded Masters in Semiconductor Physics and Semiconductor Devices and Doctorate in Computers with a dual professional background in semiconductors and software.