Chinese medicine (000963.sz) Wang Wei Chul increased by 24% net profit in 2024.
A little better than expected. Of this amount, q4 has achieved $10.43 billion in the first quarter, yoy + 1.9 per cent, net return to the mother, $950 million, yoy + 46.2 per cent, net profit to the unpaid parent, $870 million, yoy + 50.9 per cent, and steady growth in the pharmaceutical industry and domestic medicine and the United States of America: (1) China, China, the central subsidiary of the company ' s pharmaceutical industry.
Billion dollars, yoy+29.0 per cent, mainly due to the reduced marginal impact of company product collection and the continued growth of Lila Lupin injections after approval in 2023; (2) the company ' s medical staff abroad were exposed to significant environmental impacts, with 970 million yuan, yoy - 25.8 per cent of the United Kingdom ' s Sinclair camp, and the domestic medical doctor, the United States.
In the case of Shyingkomi, the net profit was $1.14 billion, yoy+8.3 per cent, but many products are now being marketed at home and abroad, and it is expected that follow-up medical and aesthetic operations will resume; and (3) the company’s pharmaceutical business will be run with $27.90 billion, yoy+0.4 per cent, net profit of $460 million, yoy+56 per cent, in the context of control fees.
In terms of income structure, the increase in the share of the pharmaceutical industry has also increased the average Māori rate. The cost for the company period was 22.1 per cent, a decrease of 1 percentage point from the previous year, mainly with respect to sales and management costs.
So far, the emphasis has been placed on the three main areas of oncology, endocrine, and self-immunisation. Medicines are in innovation.
In addition to the fact that the company's many products are already in the clinical phase. (2) The company is also actively promoting the listing of medically fine products, with a new generation of injected skin fillings ki0015, which is in the EU technical approval phase and is expected to be certified in 2025.
There are also a number of products in the country that are continuing to move forward, such as the registration of Nmpa in March 2025 by the v30 Medical and American Platform, the security follow-up of mailiprecisse (blind dent adaptive) and the approval of nmpa in January 2025 by mailiextreme (improving the lower contour adaptive disorder)
In November 2024, all of the subjects of the Chinese clinical trials were admitted; the regenerative regenerative version of the Elansé y Yeon m (improving dent adaptive) was notified of Nmpa ' s registration in January 2025.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: We look forward to the company's follow-up, the marginalization of the market, and the growth of performance as a result of the introduction of innovative medicines and medical products.