Chinese medicine has grown steadily over 24 years, and research and development has gradually entered the harvest period, which is 23.72% more than the previous year. The transformation of the company’s innovation medicine has been gradually completed.
Industry, medicine, and industrial microbes are growing robustly, and we look forward to the long-term development of the company. Industry is a core engine that drives 24 years of rapid profit-side growth. By branch of business, corporate medicine, business operations generate revenue of 27,092 million yuan, an increase of 0.41 per cent, and net profits of 456 million yuan.
The pharmaceutical industry achieved income (including cso) of 13,811 million yuan, an increase of 13.05 per cent over the same period, resulting in a decrease of 4.94 per cent (excluding internal offsets) in the same year, mainly due to a decline in consumption demand, but with the warmth of the domestic and foreign consumer markets and the gradual approval of several new, differentiated items of the company.
As a whole, the industrial plate has become the company’s core engine, and as the company’s new products continue to be marketed and released, it is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate. Research and development continues to invest, and multi-area layouts are built on a structured platform.
In order to achieve this, research and development inputs for the pharmaceutical industry (excluding equity investment) have increased by 2,678 million yuan, or 16.77 per cent over the year, with direct R & D spending of 1.770 billion yuan, or 10.63 per cent over the year, and direct R & D expenditure, including small molecular drugs, target-to-protein degradants, polythramines, antibodies (adc)
Research and development has evolved into a structured platform. In addition, corporate bd cooperation has been advancing, with companies making many advances in outward investment over the past 24 years, and further improvements in efficiency are expected as corporate ownership of R & D +bd is driven by two-wheel drive.
Industrial micro-organisms have great potential and are looking forward to the future. The company is actively setting up industrial micro-organisms plates, continuing to promote xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, large health & biological materials, animal health, four main directions, and building capacity for product research and development and market development, 2024, industrial micro-blogging.
The sales revenue is $711 million, an increase of 43.12% over the same period last year, and is growing rapidly, and future prospects are expected as the company’s industrial micro-organisms are internationalized. The firm’s business is growing steadily, and research and development inputs and internationalization are advancing, based on which we anticipate the company’s profits.
Corporate R & D progress has fallen short of expectations; company sales may be influenced by policies such as harvesting.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.