Chemical agents/chemicals/pharmaceuticals have performed up to record highs, innovative pipelines have entered the harvest, and the pharmaceutical industry is the core engine of growth.
In 2024, research and development in the pharmaceutical industry generated $1,770 million, an increase of 10.63 per cent over the previous year, and direct research and development expenditure as a percentage of the pharmaceutical industry's revenues was 94 pharmaceutical projects. In 2024, several of the company's innovations were marketed: an exclusive commercialized product.
The number of domestic medical institutions that have been certified and filed since their approval in March has reached more than 200, up to 154 valid orders to the cooperative Fankozi pharmaceutical industry as of 31 December 2024; 2 exclusive commercial Usino anti-injectionist organisms-like competitions
The letter was approved for the country's first-ever listing, and has been adapted to adult and child fratricidal silver crumbs. In addition, the listing and supplementation applications for Crohn's disease were accepted in February of this year. 3 companies introduced the new global adc drug Sometausque (Erah) anti-injection fluid.
House No. 2 Building No. 1 of China's Great Wall Assets Building 16 was approved for listing by Nmpa in November 2024 for the upper skin of a (fra) positive platinum receptor that has been systematically treated on 1 to 3 lines.
Adults with ovarian, tubal, or primary peritoneal cancers. 4 Global innovative products are injected with alcallyst, and China's listing applications for treatment of caps and re-emerging carbitis (rp) adaptive disorders were filed in November 2024, respectively.
Approved in December. Autonomous research and development continued to break: one company with a globally innovative oral score of glp-1 receptor accelerator hdm1002 (conveglipron), obtained the results of the top line of clinical research on the adaptive phase of body weight management in October 2024, and completed weight management in April of this year.
In addition, the clinical phase of diabetes adaptation is well under way, with medium-term blind analysis showing a downward trend in glucose haemoglobin (hba1c) compared to the baseline and a good overall safety trend, with q3 expected to reach its top line this year.
As a result, in the second half of this year, a clinical study was carried out in iii. 2 glp-1r/gipr with a dual target length with a multi-septic accelerator hdm1005 (poterepatide) injection fluid has been approved in China for type 2 weight management for diabetic, overweight or obese populations, metabolic related fat hepatitis (mafld)
/ Metabolism-related fat hepatitis (mash), “osa for obstructing sleep breathing pauses (osa) combining treatment for obese or overweight adults” and “hfpef combining treatment for obese or overweight adults” for multiple adaptive disorders.
The Fgf21r/gcgr/glp-1r target agonist dr10624 is currently undergoing clinical studies for the treatment of adipose hepatopathiaii associated with the high risk of co-hepatic fibrosis, while another dr10624 has been initiated for the treatment of hyperglycerine triester hemorrhosis.
The first (ror1) was used to treat late malignant tumours, which were completed in August 2024.
In the first case of clinical trials in the country, the first three doses were added, and no dlt (restrictive dose toxicity) occurred at the top of the first three doses. Currently, during the fourth dose of the dose, the extension of the third dose group was synchronized. In February 2025, the company handed over Hdm2005 to Nmpa.
In the same month, the Hdm2005 suite of lymphoma (mcl) was recognized as an orphan drug in the United States.
In China, in October 2024, the Ind application was approved by Nmpa, and the adaptive condition was a late-stage physical tumor. In January 2025, the hdm2006 U.S. Ind application was approved by fda, and the response was a late-stage malignant tumor.
1. Corporate research: Washington Medicine and the United States Ind application. Industrial micro-organisms plates continue to drive four strategic layouts. Companies continue to practice industrial micro-organisms.
Annual Report Review: The China East Medicine Sector Development Strategy, which is promoting xrna, special ingredients & intermediates, healthy organisms (000963) - quarterly change in business performance
Building on the strategic layout of the four main directions of materials, animal health, continued strengthening of product R & D and markets 3. Annual Report Review: Building Capacity for Medicine in China will accelerate the opening of international markets and integration into the global supply chain of the pharmaceutical industry
(000963) - Performance is rising steadily, and at this stage of core tasks, the outreach of large domestic and foreign clients has yielded positive results. In 2024, medicine has returned to growth in all industries, and medicine is still bright.
The business units have been growing faster, overall sales trends have continued to improve, and total sales revenue has been achieved 4. Event evaluation: Chinadong Medicine xrna plate increased by 20 per cent, Great Health & Biomaterial plate grew by 142 per cent, Animal Health board
(000963) - Lilalu Pin injection fluid Obesity overweight adaptive treatment approved, following up on billions of yuan (elimination of internal offsets), a decrease of 4.94 per cent over the same period; of this, fully funded subsidiary, the United Kingdom
Now, the innovation pipeline deserves to be looked forward to as a platform for global medical and aesthetic operations of companies, judged by the weakness of global economic growth and ebd 6.
In 2024, Yeon-yun launched a second generation of new products and expanded 300 high-end institutions;
Centrally reported: Watung Pharmacy Rianav20 (multi-functional radio frequency treatment device) approved in September 2024; reorganisation of a meat type (000963) — innovation in the harvest
Toxyy001 submitted a listing application; polyseptic emulsion platinum irritant lanlumav completed clinical trials into group; shell condensate filler kio021 started clinical trials. In addition, the urinary acid e-maili series was approved by Singapore, with core injection products (regenerative materials, urinary acid and burial)
In the Middle East, more than 10 countries have registered, and the energy-sourced cooltech series was approved in January of the year. The company’s medical panels are expected to pick up steadily as the domestic and foreign consumer markets warm and many different new products are issued.
The pharmaceutical industry has maintained a growing trend, innovative pipeline products have entered the harvest period, self-research capabilities have gradually become apparent, and we continue to break through, maintaining our “buy-in” rating. The risks of pharmaceutical policy, new drug development, and marketing are not as fast as expected, and the risks of product price reduction.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: