Sinjishan justice 603986.sh) Significant improvements in corporate performance and the emergence of multi-product line layout advantages
Business income of $7,356 million increased by 27.69 per cent on a year-on-year basis; net profit on return to mothers of $1,103 million increased by 58,421 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Companies achieved operating income of $1,909 million on a year-on-year basis in the first quarter of 2025.
Operating income of $7,356 million, an increase of 27.69 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers of $1,103 million, an increase of 58,421 per cent over the same year, mainly due to the warming of downstream demand in the industry, the active opening of markets by companies, the increased availability of customers, and the innovation in the volume of products delivered, which reached 4,362 million, an increase of 39.72 per cent over the same period.
Current operating income has grown better. Companies achieved operating income of $1.909 billion in the first quarter of 2025, corresponding to a share/total equity (billions): 17.32 per cent increase; net return to mothers of $235 million, corresponding to an increase of 14.57 per cent, less traditional in the first quarter.
During the season, corporate revenue profits increased by double digits on a year-on-year basis, mainly because related policies, such as state supplementation, boosted consumer demand and partly preponderant downstream demand. Sub-products: flash products, one quarter of income, sustained robust growth, strong demand for state-supplemented electricity, domestic electricity, etc., ai-led pc,
The server singlenor has increased its value and the industry and network has performed well; Liquidram, during the quarter, was heavily competitive as a whole as a result of the sale of the original plant, adding up to last year's high base and showing a slight decline in income over the same year, but the supply and demand of the industry has improved significantly since the beginning of the year, with prices for products such as d4, lpd4 having recovered, downstream sweepers, etc.
Consumer demand, such as tv, is better, and industry is recovering in a moderate way; mcu products, with strong income growth during the quarter, are largely the result of consumer supplementation and some of the customers’ export strangling, as well as stable overall industrial controls. Supply and demand improvements + product structures continue to overlap, and the Māori ratio of 25q1 companies has returned to 24q3 levels.
Ko Woo-yang’s storage price has risen significantly in 24h1, leading to an increase in the Māori rate of corporate storage products. The gross interest rate of 2025q1 has improved, and the combined Māori rate of 25q1 has improved to a similar level of 24q3.
Tung Quandan, the competition pattern improves industrial innovation, leading the way in the future growth of companies. Storage market: Noorflash benefits the one who drives the single machine's value up, while benefiting the car's product.
High-speed growth of goods; as Lijidram gradually withdraws from the three former plants, pending de-stocking, and at a time of changing competition in the industry, it is expected that the company will fill this segment of the market demand as domestic lijiddram leads and increase its share, while, as demand for end-of-end computing rises, the company will be customized and stored in the future.
The technology is expected to benefit from an outbreak at the end of the ai cellular phone, aipc, etc. market. mcu Markets: on the one hand, an upgrade of the mccu product would increase the value of the car by 10 times, and on the other hand, companies would take advantage of the ani side opportunities, forward layout robots, light modules, server power, etc.mcu
Products, and companies in the future, will benefit fully from a recovery in demand, the introduction of new products, and higher rates of municipal ownership, and sustained income growth. Simulation markets: Companies focus on areas such as general power sources, motor drivers, and universal signal chains, and the business simulation is expected to grow rapidly as core mergers and business mergers are completed.
The \triangleright storage and microcontrolr industry is a double leader, the company's multi-product-line competitiveness is increasing, the industry cycle is recovering, competition patterns are improving and innovation is driving, the company's market share is rising, and the “buy-a” rating is maintained.
Market demand falls short of expected risks, stock price falls risks, research and development falls short of expected risks, supply chain winds \triangleright risks, macroeconomic volatility risks.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.