Momentum innovation (603986): high growth of the base dram, record sales of noorflash and mcu Reason for reporting: Performance rating
Event description: Monuable Innovation publishes its annual report 2024 and its first quarterly report 2025. In 2024, the company achieved revenue from its operations, and in 2024, it doubled the volume of its dram products. The company’s nonflash products continued to be consumed, networked, calculated, automobiles, etc.
In addition, the slcnandflash product also registered a good increase in the same amount of goods received and delivered. In 2024, the output of companies ddr3l and dddr4 increased further, and the volume of products received and delivered increased by more than double the same amount.
The consumer and industrial markets contribute to the first two fields, and the share of the industrial sector is expected to rise further as the industrial market recovers. The demand for energy, light modules, etc., and the demand for connectivity, computing, etc.
In terms of sensor products, the company’s share in the mobile phone market has continued to grow, and the collection and delivery of the company’s mcu products have increased. At the same time, the company is actively developing new applications and other product types.
Corporate platinum products continue to grow at a high rate, and noorflash products continue to be a global leader. 1) According to techinsights, the overall market size of norflash is projected to continue to grow over the next five years, with global norflash 1.
According to the Web-feetresearch report, the company was ranked second in the world in 2024 in the city of serialnorflash.
The company ' s products cover a capacity range of 512 kb to 2gb, supporting a wide range of power supply types such as 1.2v, 1.8v, 3v, 1.65~3.6v and 1.8vvcc&1.2vvio, and providing high performance, low power consumption, and 2. " Micro-innovation " (603986.sh):
A number of product lines, such as high reliability and small encapsulations, can satisfy customers ' demand for capacity, storage prices, continued heating in a variety of product applications in different fields, and increased capacity, voltage, and forms of encapsulation.) The company ' s dram product consists of two groups of products: ddr3l and ddr4, and ddr3l.
Oriented - company summary reports provide marketable 1gb/2gb/4gb-volume products; ddr4 products achieved a step-by-step output of 8gb-volume products, based on the already existing 4gb-capacity products, mainly in the areas of tv, industry, security.
Improved performance, lack of storage and mcu product structure Changes in market demand and product technology, use of dram fund-raising projects from four products originally planned to be developed
ddr3, ddr4, lpdddr3 and lpdddr4 are adjusted to ddr3, ddr4, lpdddr4 and lpdddr5, of which lpddr4 is expected to contribute to storage operations in the second half of 2025. In the long run, leading companies such as Samsung, Light, Hercules, etc., have abandoned or reduced the migration of products such as hbm, ddr5, lpdddddr5 to the new node, etc.
The production of liki products is expected to bring about a change in the pattern of competition in the industry and an increase in the share of domestic producers. 3) In the slcnandflash products, suppliers are mainly overseas, with Chinese, Chinese, and Chinese electronics taking up a higher share of the market.
The mcu product line is one of the company’s key strategic directions, and the company has successfully produced 63 series of more than 700 mcu products for market choice and has developed faster in the area of car regulation. In the mcu product area, the company is the 32nd most important supplier in China, the armémémé mcu. According to omdia, the company was ranked tenth in the world in the first half of 2024.
In 2024, the company's new fund-raising project, the Automobile Electronic Chip Development and Industrialization Project, planned to invest a total of about $1.2 billion in the development and industrialization of car mcu chips, of which $706 million will be used to raise funds. The project will further improve the layout of the company's car mcu product, upgrade its high-end mcu product research and development capabilities, enrich its product lines, and hold it.
Investment proposals: rapid growth of corporate short-term nichedrams, progressive bottom-up storage and mcu prices, long-term company business series, use of legally compliant data, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.