The electronics group has a mild season, and revenue and profits continue to grow.
The revenue was $7,356 million, an increase of 27.69 per cent; the net profit was $1,103 million, an increase of 58,421 per cent. The business income of 25q1 companies was $1,909 million, a decrease of 25q1, and demand was strong downstream.
1. `Micro-Innovation Company Review: Continuous Benefiting Storage Cycles, High Profitability due to: 1) Country Replenishment of Consumer Electronic Demand and National Stimulus Package ' , which boosts consumer sector demand; 2) `ai-led end-of-end storage capacity upgrade, benefiting from benefits.
The demand for storage capacity is driven by terminals such as aipc, where a significant increase in revenue and sales of corporate products in storage and accounting is achieved in a quarter; in addition, the market access of companies has been achieved more than we thought would be the main driver of the company's future growth.
1) Liki storage and mcu-accelerating domestic production substitution: This Chinese-American tariff event will accelerate domestic firms ' domestic supply chain substitution, based on external insecurity, i.e. overseas products have some advantages and are difficult to counter supply insecurity
In the field of Liquidram, the headlines of Samsung, Lights, Hercules and others are trying to speed up the movement to the new node of hbm, ddr5,
The relocation of products such as lpddr5 and the abandonment or reduction of production of niche products are expected to provide opportunities for changes in the pattern of competition in the industry and an increase in the share of domestic producers.) al-driven end-side storage upgrade: Deepseek accelerates the foot of al reasoning and application.
Quick, we're looking at the prospect of a massive explosion in the near future, including a headphones, ai cell phones, ai glasses, aipc, ai smart homes, etc., which will effectively drive the upgrading of the endside storage. The company has better product line layouts, product packages, etc. in the endside storage area.
Three broad groups of goods, including noorflash, luxurious dram and slcnandflash, with profit projections, valuation and rating Increased competition in the market; higher prices of raw materials; less than expected diffusion of new products; exchange rate winds
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market