Performance exceeded expectations, ai terminal demand pulls storage capacity 28 April 2025 MIG (60398.sh)
Interest rate rises and scale effects, with storage chips at 40.27% (yoy+7.28 pcts) during the reporting period, with $5,194 million (yoy+27.39%) in revenue from chip storage operations, noorflash with the second largest global city, ddr48gb output, and lpdddr4 with projected contribution revenue of 2025h2.mcu and
The analogue product yields 1.706 billion yuan (yoy+29.56%), 32 of which are the first in the country to expand the industry/car market in the Gd32a7 series. Sensor operations generate 448 million yuan (yoy+27.20%), and fingerprint identification chips are the second largest in the country. R&D investment was 1,256 million yuan in 2024, at a cost of 17.08%.
Prince Road 2501 is a light season, and the ai is a growth driven by consumer demand. The company’s overall business collection structure is optimized at 37.44% (qoq+4.27pcts), benefiting from aipc, server storage needs and networks.
Net cash flows from business activities fell by 46.48% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of end-of-year award payments; Sales costs increased by 37.34%, reflecting market expansion.
At the heart of “country-based substitution + deep-field farming” is balancing market expansion with profit restoration. In the unattended planning of companies, the storage of chips accelerates the production of ddr48gb and lpdddr4 and promotes lpddr5 research and development to consolidate the second-largest market in the world, while expanding the ai terminal (e.g., i.e., i.)
Aipc, ai glasses) and high-growth markets for car electronics. Deepen the location of car regulation mcu in body control, battery management, etc., improve tool chain ecology, and explore an integrated “mcu+” programme to improve the competitiveness of industry and automobile markets.
The layout responds to clients’ needs by strengthening the customized storage of marginalai in industrial testing, robotics, etc., and building multi-chip supply capacity. Investment proposal: As the application of the i is fast landing to boost server market expansion, the company acts as a memory interface core
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, he joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation research. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science, University of Shandong, three years of experience in science and technology industry research, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.