Customized storage multi-area layouts, Liquidram's development, with a city-to-city ratio and a high overall output volume. In 2024, corporate revenue was raised. Companies achieved remarkable results with a city-to-city approach, resulting in a total product output.
Newly high, at 4,362 million, an increase of 39.72 per cent over the same year. In major products, noorflash continues to grow faster in the areas of consumption, connectivity, computing, automobiles, etc., with an all-time high in total output, with the company Serialnorflash in 2024 accounting for the second largest share in the world.
For dram products, the volume of harvests and deliveries has increased by more than double the same ratio. For mcu and analog products, annual sales have reached 540 million, a record high, and 37% higher, maintaining a 32-digit market leader in the country.
In 2025, despite the international situation and external environmental challenges, corporate performance continued to grow better as a result of incremental national policies to protect confidence and some downstream demand. Income grew by 17.3% to 1.909 billion yuan a year on a year-on-year basis.
The type dram product is more competitive than during the same period last year. The highest/lowest price in 52 weeks, customised to be stored on various ends of the cellular flagship, aipc, car, robot, etc.
The company incubates its controlling subsidiary, Beijing Qingjia Technology Ltd., as a subsidiary for innovative business such as a defined storage solution, making sure that the company now has the right to use it.
On the basis of steady business development, investing in innovative technologies can stimulate companies to actively explore new technologies, new businesses, new markets and new products, including customized storage programmes.
In response to the demand for non-standard interface storage products from clients in the process of market expansion, companies undertake customized program operations. Customized storage products are not standard interfaces or generic products, project development cycles are long, and performance release cycles are higher.
The interface, capacity, etc. for customized storage products depends on the differentiated needs of clients for their specific applications. The application scenario includes iot, smart terminals, etc., and product definition.
Customized storage is expected to gain more demand in the field of end-testing. At present, companies customize storage operations on multiple ends of the cellular flagship, aipc, cars, robots, etc.
With the sequence of events, the company’s production and development progress in the areas of mobile flagship and aipc is normal, and is expected to be positive in the coming period. The Liggy dram is expected to benefit from the loss or even withdrawal of the industry’s head companies, and the company continues.
To facilitate the import of ddr48gb and lpddr4 products to customers. Under the influence of a large factory selling a life cycle of tail-lined products, a quarter-long niche dram has generally been in a relatively competitive situation, with a slight decline in revenues from the same year.
The main reason behind the signs of improvement, in particular some of the niche products represented by products such as ddr48gb, lpdddr4, which have recovered in prices, is the more determined movement of major offshore plants towards mainstream products such as hbm, ddddr5 and the further dilution of niche markets, as well as the resulting increase in the number of products produced by major offshore firms.
The downstream customers of the above-mentioned niche products did not previously fully take into account the anticipated reduction/outside of large plants and the low level of water in stock, thus raising prices in the context of supply contractions.dddr44gb and the following volumes of niche products, q1 prices were generally stable, and recent moderate rises; and entry q2,
The company believes that prices are expected to enter the recovery route after the market digests the tailings of large plants, provided demand remains seasonal. Downstream demand for ground sweepers, tv, etc., is better and industry is recovering. In 2025, the company will continue to boost ddr48gb production.
In terms of customized storage, companies will continue to promote product development and customer projects.
The demand for mcu from endpoints such as industrial robots continues to grow, and companies actively take advantage of the direct and indirect benefits offered by the development of one side of robots such as robots.
In addition, the demand for miniaturized, low-capacity, high-real-time mcu in smart home, smart-wearing, etc., will continue to grow. At the same time, with the complexity of industrial control equipment, end-use demand for mcu, such as industrial robots, will continue to grow.
The mcu product line is one of the company’s key strategic directions, and by the end of the 24-year reporting period, the company had successfully produced 63 large series of more than 700 mcu products for market choice.
Using the scene, the gd32g5 series of high-performance mcu products will be launched; the gd32h75e hyper-performance industry interconnectivity mcu products will be rolled out for server control, frequency-driven, industrial plc, industrial communication modules, human robots, etc.; the gd32h75e will be launched for motor control, data collection, industrial self-employment, etc.
Application scenes such as dynamics, communication modules and sensors, launch of gdscn 832 series station controllers: application scenes such as energy power, photovoltaic storage, industrial automation, industrial plc, network communication facilities and graphic displays, roll out of gd32f5 series high performance mcu; head-on vehicle body
Field control, remote communication terminals, traffic light control, battery management, vehicle chargers, chassis applications, and direct-flow transformers. The gd32a7 rulesmcu product is launched. In the human field, it is based on the technical advantages of the industrial regulations previously accumulated in the field of servo machines and so on.
Xiu’s robotics company, which has previously accumulated advantages in performance, process, solutions, etc., on a number of product lines like mcu, flash, etc. The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and so forth.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.