603986.sh) 1025 Camp Coop Growth, Multi-dimensional Extension of Product Lines and Applications Shinko Semiconductor
The company’s main products are storages, microcontrols and sensors; the storages are spinor, slcnand and dram, the microcontrols include arm nuclear and risc-v open source nuclei mcu, and the sensors include contact control and fingerprint identification chips.
Reheating, the company collected $7,356 million (yoy+27.7 per cent) over 24 years, excluding non-mother net profits, contributing to sustained growth in the company's storage and computing and network access markets, etc., generating $1.909 billion (yoy+17.32 per cent, qoq+11.88 per cent) in a single quarter, deducting non-mother net profit of $224 million.
Noorflash maintains an advantage, and Liquidram's collection and delivery more than doubled on a year-to-year basis. In 24 years, the Department's chip storage business collected $5,194 million (yoy+27.39 per cent) and the Māori rate was 40.27 per cent (yoy+7.28 pct).
Second, the entire series of products at 55nm process nodes has been produced; the collection and delivery of the slcnandflash camp has increased by the same amount, and the mix of car regulation products has accelerated the expansion of the nonorflash.
The volume of shipments has more than doubled in the same year, and it is expected to accelerate as the storage plant withdraws from the nichedram market; according to the company announcement, 24 years of company-to-Long Jing's association with mcu has reached an all-time high and high-end product in the car code continues to be laid out. 24 years of company mcu and simulation production.
The product yields $1.706 billion (yoy+29.56%) and the Māori rate of 36.50% (yoy-6.60pct).mcu series, more than 700 mcu, industry and consumption contribute to the first two sectors. Automotive applications, companies launch the gd32a7 series of high performance mcu, and add a new project, “Car electronic chip development and development”
Industrialization project (investment of approximately $1.2 billion) to improve the layout of the company’s car mcu product. Billion dollars (yoy+27.20%), Māori rate of 16.46% (yoy+0.46pct), with continued growth in the market share of mobile phones, pc area further expanded: two pc fingerprint identification solutions were introduced and added
In addition, the company's external acquisition of the Suzhou core to strengthen the battery, the MVI (603986.sh) - the extended acquisition of the complete product matrix, the built-in booster and the management and protection of lithium power, and the continued enrichment of the simulation product lines.
• Investment Recommendations: We value the company's progressive construction of storage/mcu/sensors plus simulation of a comprehensive solution – 603986.sh - quarterly performance rebounds and equity incentives are clear
M.I. (603986.sh) - M.I.R. improvements, storage and mcu warming in M.I. (603986.sh) - Launch of the Equity Incentives Programme, Medium- and Long-term Growth Targets, Figure 1: Corporate Annual Business Income and Year-on-Year Growth (Billion Dollars, %)
Figure 2: Changes in corporate revenue structure (%): Māori rate and net interest rate of the company (%, %)
Figure 5: Cost over the company period, Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author