The pluriple layout is very far away, technological innovation is building a side-side smart engine, and the company achieved revenues of $1.909 billion in the first quarter of 2025 (17.32 per cent at the same rate and the ring at the same rate) The growth in corporate profits is largely due to the same increase in operating income, benefiting from the national stimulus package.
As a result of, inter alia, measures, demand in the consumer sector has been boosted; the company ' s products have grown significantly in revenue and sales in storage and computing, benefiting from aipc and other end-use demand for storage capacity; and the Internet market has also focused on technological innovation and the creation of end-side smart engines.
Customization is expected to gain more demand at the end of the country. Corporations and others are investing together to create a holding company, Beijing Qingji Technology Ltd., and the Moi-Innovative Initiative, to incubate the company as a subsidiary for innovative business such as customized storage solutions.
Customized storage operations are moving in an orderly fashion in multiple end-ai applications, such as mobile flagships, aipcs, cars, robots, etc., and may be expected to be positive in the future with mobile phones and aipc.
It was created by a joint venture, such as mega-innovation and savanna technology, to focus on the development of large model end-side chips. The company uses innovative 3d stacking techniques, integrates the ai with the mui-in-dom technology, and uses Liu Makano as a model.
To improve storage performance. According to Chairman Zhou Qiang, the chip performance is 10 times higher than that of mainstream products, less costly and more competitive. The advantage of the top-sideai is mainly in real time, reliability, customization, low cost, privacy protection, etc.
However, there are still challenges to personal intelligence in terms of performance, privatization and cost, and there is an urgent need to upgrade the domestic base storage +mcu taps, refining internal performance cycles to meet the growing demand.
Half-yearly, 2023: An increase in the volume of shipments, q2 battalion collection, as an effective route to respond to the enhancement of the performance of the end-sideai.
In April 2025, the Shanghai Municipal Association of Integrated Circuit Industries organized a group-level standard-setting review of the 3d dram integration technical standards for the tip-sidechie chips, which aims to advance the development of standards in the core areas of integrated circuits, build industrial foundations and promote business involvement in the division of labour.
The solution of Light FeatherTech Ltd. and Vice-President Chen Yifeng of the market have reported in detail on the draft standards, which cover stocking as one, 3d stacking technical requirements, interface specifications, and suitable applications for end-of-end devices such as smartphones, autopilots, and ingenuity.
The company’s business has been structured towards multi-chaying multi-product lines, opening new applications. Consider the country’s policy-driven growth in demand, as well as high national consumption subsidies such as the company’s lpdddr4, car rulesflash, an end-of-ai chip, which are not as strong as expected; the industry’s recovery is not as high as expected; and the development of new products is not progressing as expected;
Chief: Sixteen years of work in the electronics and communications industry, in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, and Fauscan, many international branding terminals, working in research and development, engineering, supply chain procurement, etc., have served in China as Director General of the Procurement of Terminal Semiconductor Chips, Director of Supply Chains at Ali Baba A. Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor and hard technology; two, smart cars and robots; and three, new sources of energy.
This report is not about any area, country, or other area under whose jurisdiction SAC and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations or have made Chinese securities subject to laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, publishing, receiving or using this report.
The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese security unless otherwise indicated.