Electronics 603986 is growing steadily, focusing on opportunities for storage to break through the South-West Securities Institute
• Summary of performance: In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved income of $1.909 billion, an increase of 17.32 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $235 million for the mother, an increase of 14.57 per cent over the same period. Performance achieved steady growth and improved profitability ring ratios.
At the end of the profit margin, the company realized the main result of increased competition in the low-end product line of the niche, but the ring has increased significantly by about 4 percentage points over the fourth quarter;
With national stimulus to boost consumption demand, and end-use demand for storage capacity such as aipc, products have grown significantly in terms of storage and computing. Industry stocks have gradually returned to normal levels.
It is hoped that it will benefit from the industrial changes brought about by the ai and the deepening of national production alternatives.
Strong demand in the areas of consumer electronics, domestic electricity and aipc servers, with the development of the ai placing higher demand on the volume and capacity of the nonflash: the mcu business grew robustly with consumption reservoirs and some customers' exports, and the industrial market (e.g., photovoltaics) improved; the liquid dram was in the ground sweeper, tv, etc.
Demand is better in the area of consumption, industrial coolness is recovering, and the new product ddr48gb is well imported. 1 Company profile: domestic design tap, storage and mcu double-wheel drive Beijing MCI Inc. was established in 2005 to focus on the area of semiconductor device development and design, and
After many years of development, enterprises have built a technology matrix covering the three core operations of storage chips, microcontrols, and sensors. The scope of applications of the MVI product covers consumer electronics such as mobile communication terminals, smart wear and clothing, physical networking systems, computer externalities, and deep penetration into industrial automation, auto electronics, medical devices.
The company’s nonflash product lines cover 512 kb to 2gb full capacity specifications, support 1.8v-3.3v multivoltage platforms, manufacture processes cover 65/55nm nodes, and continue to drive 40nm techniques.
In terms of dram operations, the gdq2bfaa product sequence was successfully rolled out, and the high-procedure node ddr4 project was well under way. The logo control unit (mcu) has achieved 35 series of volume-based products, and the current priority services industry control and consumption electronic market is accelerating the process of research and development of car regulation products. The sensor area has completed the capacitation side fingerprint identification programme.
Industrialization, with the imminent introduction of the oled touch-control solution and the iterative lcd touch-control product, has focused on expanding consumer electronics and vehicle-based displays of the city’s operations, including: storage chip sales, microcontrols, sensors, technology services, etc. In 2024, the company’s gross operating income was $7.355 billion, an increase of 27.7 per cent compared to the previous year; in particular, the company’s total operating income was $7.355 billion in 2024.
Storage chip sales amounted to $5.19 billion, a 27.4 per cent increase in the same year, representing 70.6 per cent of the company ' s operating income and revenue collection by contributors; microcontrols amounted to $1.71 billion, a 29.6 per cent increase in the same year, accounting for 23.2 per cent of the company ' s operating income; sensors  the sale of storage chip  the microcontrolr  the technology service and others
In 2020-2024, corporate operating income rose from $4.50 billion to $7.36 billion, with a compound growth rate of 13.1 per cent over the four-year period, of which business income amounted to $7.36 billion in 2024, compared with an increase of $1.91 billion in the first quarter of the year, representing an increase of 17.3 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $230 million, compared with an increase of 14.6 per cent in the same year.
In the first quarter of the year, the cost of corporate sales was 5.8 per cent, an increase of 0.9 pp over the same period in the previous year; the management cost was 7.1 per cent, a return from the 2024 operating cash flow, with a small pressure of 25q1. The net operating cash flow rose by 71.2 per cent between 2020 and 2024, while the operating cash flow for companies was $340 million in the first quarter of 2025, a decline of 46 per cent.
Assumption 1: the company’s storage business will be supported by a noor market stock correction recovery and an increase in the share of the niche dram market, and our performance is expected to continue to grow. We assume that the volume of the company’s stored products will grow by 18.9%, 15.4%, and assuming that the demand for the company’s mcu products will warm back in the next three years in areas such as industrial medicine, security, automobiles, etc.
Sustained growth, coupled with the high-end drive of mcu products, will accelerate the nationalization of mcu overseas. We assume that the company’s mcu corresponds to 50-fold, 40-fold, and 34-fold dynamics, respectively.
From the point of view of Pe, the industry averaged 78 times more than that in 2025. For the company to store the core players in national production, Noro has never received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.