Pharmacy biology continues to outperform expectations, and the cost of control is very effective.
Summary of performance: operating income of $6.92 billion achieved in the first three quarters of 2018, an increase of 21.9 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.93 billion, an increase of 81.4 per cent in the same year; net profit of $1.25 billion after deduction, an increase of 45.8 per cent in the same year; steady income growth, with sustained over-expected growth.
There has been an increase: the net return on maternity increased by 81.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, significantly higher than market expectations, largely benefiting from the continued increase in investment earnings. q3 income and net profit on deductions were $2.51 billion, $430 million, or 24.8 per cent, and 81.6 per cent, respectively, which showed an accelerated growth trend. The main reasons for the significant increase in net profit on deductions in the previous three quarters were: 1)
The q3 Māori rate increased significantly, with a total Māori rate of 41.8 per cent for q3, an increase of 1.7 percentage points from 2018h1 compared to 0.8 percentage points; and 3) due to the continuing devaluation of the renminbi, a marked increase in exchange rate earnings led to a significant decrease in the first three quarters of the financial fee, which decreased by $110 million in the first three quarters of 2018 compared to the same period in 2017.
• Global cro service leader, with high-speed domestic innovation drug development dividends. Companies provide services to more than 3,000 clients worldwide, while providing research and development services for one type of innovative drug to more than 30 mature or start-ups in the country: eight clinical trials (ind) of innovative drug projects were completed by successful clients in the first half of the year.
In 2016, the company contributed to the international development of an innovative drug for hepatitis B.
In addition, a number of well-known pharmaceutical companies in the country choose their innovation drug research and development providers. The next 10 years are the fast-growing stages of innovation in the country, and the large number of drug companies in the country that lack an innovative source of innovation requires companies to provide innovative drug research and development services, and companies will benefit fully from it.
The dividends of the rapid growth of the innovation medicine. • Investment returns continue to grow. 2018h1, companies realize investment returns of $430 million: Chinese companies invest in medicines (2552.hk) that are officially traded in q3 in Hong Kong, adding more than $200 million in investment returns.
The Division has invested in about 50 high-quality start-up innovation companies that will grow up with a constant increase in fair prices, and companies will achieve a sustained return on investment earnings. • Profit forecasting and rating. Benefiting from control fees, increased Maori rates, and lower financial costs are projected
The company, as one of the world's largest pharmaceutical research and development service platforms, will benefit from the high-speed development dividend of the domestic innovation medicine industry.
Pharmacy (603259): Cro's flagship advantage, performance over expectations (2018-08-22), creation of long-term incentive mechanisms
3. Pharmacy Mind (603259): The world ' s leading cro leader, sharing the domestic innovation dividend (2018-07-02), has not received, and will not receive, any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.