The main camp is growing robustly and the overall performance is exceeding expectations.
The company published three-quarterly reports in 2018, yielding revenues of $6.921 billion, an increase of 21.90 per cent over the same period, net returns to mothers of $1.928 billion, an increase of 81.40 per cent over the same period, and net returns to mothers of $1.252 billion, an increase of 45.81 per cent over the same year.1 The main battalion grew robustly, with an overall excess of expectations.
At the revenue end, the growth in the first three quarters relative to the mid-period was higher, and the growth in the main business was robust. Most of the company’s business came from overseas in dollar terms, while the first half of 2018 was more affected by exchange rate fluctuations, while the impact of exchange rate fluctuations began to disappear in the first quarter of q3 and the rate of income growth gradually increased to a positive level.
The growth rate has been steady, and the US district laboratory plates have resumed growth, benefiting from the rapid growth of cytogenetic treatment operations (research and production services for cell therapy, cytotherapy products using genetic engineering, and production services for vectors).
At the profit end, gains from fair value changes have increased profits and major business performance has continued to improve. In the first three quarters, companies have accumulated net gains of $590 million on fair value changes and q3 has increased net gains of $210 million on fair value changes in the first quarter, mainly from changes in the value of companies that are already on the market, unitybiotechnology, inc., and changes in the value of businesses that were previously listed as non-listed pharmaceutical innovation companies.
Impacts such as value-change gains, with net profit excluding non-repatriate increases of 45.81% over the previous three quarters, and continued rapid increases in major-sector performance. Cost rates, administrative cost rates, are generally stable, and financial indicators are sound.
• Net operating cash flows: net cash flows from operating activities for the first three quarters were $917 million, a decrease of 18.25 per cent compared with the previous three quarters, mainly due to the impact of the company's payment of $125 million in 2017 from the entire pharmaceutical industry to Shanghai Pharmacy, a subsidiary of the company, to purchase the entire assets and liabilities of the formulation development service that it holds, as well as the expansion of production operations to buy goods, to receive services and to pay employees, the overall operating position
Investment Logic: Integrated Drug Research and Development (IRD) Production Outsourcing Big, Medicine Innovation Top 1) Global Lead Medicine Outsourcing Big, More Oriented Companies as Global Medicine R&D Outsourcing Large, with 26 research and development bases/branchs globally, already numbering more than 3,000 clients worldwide
Research and development services are provided, with major clients covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies in the world, as well as various new drug research and development institutions. The company’s business is well advanced, and the industry chain of drug research, production, and commercialization services is now fully covered, far beyond other cro or cmo enterprises in the country. In the global context of the high profile of the industry, the company’s small molecular compound discovery and analysis tests, clinical research, and other cro services, cmo/cdmo and cell gene therapy.
It is hoped that more will be realized. (2) Deep-farming domestic markets for medical outsourcing, with great scope for business expansion. The pharmaceutical industry in the European and American markets has grown more mature, with companies accounting for a relatively large share of business abroad (78.27 per cent in 2017), and more coro abroad.
Against the backdrop of the gradual transfer of domestic industries and the rise of domestic pharmaceutical innovation in the cmo/cdmo industry, companies have taken the lead in outsourcing pharmaceutical R & D production around the world, and there is considerable scope for expanding the country’s coro, cmo/cdmo operations.
Purpose clinical trial batch: with more than 1,500 clinical coordinators providing clinical centre management services in 600 hospitals in nearly 100 cities across the country: the share of the country ' s cmo/cdmo operations is also increasing year by year. 3) Capital operations are continuously added to the code, providing new performance points
The company, as a globally renowned outsourcing company for pharmaceutical research and development, has close access to the front end of the pharmaceutical research and development process, with more sophisticated experience and precision judgement on new pharmaceutical research and development projects in the biopharmaceutical industry and high-quality companies, and is expected to provide a new performance point in capital operations. As of mid-2018, the company’s available financial assets, measured at fair value, had reached about $1.4 billion, and now invests in it.
Municipal companies include unitybiotechnology, inc., syrossamarcemicals, inc. and Huamedicine; investment non-listed companies include argentinc., xwlaboratoriesinc., fogpharmaceatures, inc., etc.; and investment funds such as archventurefundlife, l.p. are committed to investing in good and innovative medical companies around the world.
The wealth and wisdom of the East have flourished with the global giants, cro, cmo/cdmo, with clear advantages in the integration of the industrial chain, benefiting from the high-profile pharmaceutical innovation service track, adding up the rapid development of precision medical, high-quality standard medical equipment testing production services and capital operations, which are expected to grow steadily over the long term.
Maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating. Uncertainty about the return on fair value movements; less than expected progress in industrial policy; less than expected progress in fund-raising projects; industry competitive risks; exchange rate fluctuations; sources of financial and intellectual growth in the East
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and 3-year-old students at the School of Economics. Formerly employed in the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. and the People’s Student Research Assistant, the research analyst’s own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.