High performance growth, future viability of outsourced champions 603259.sh 3-quarterly follow-up report on drugs 603259
Lee Ping-hyun Wang Xiaoqi's net profit is 656 million yuan, an increase of 104.77 per cent over the previous year; the net profit is 425 million yuan.
This report was prepared with an increase of $297 million in R & D costs.
Payments made during the reporting period for the portion of the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary purchase agent sector in the pharmaceutical industry 125 million yuan, as well as the expansion of production operations, the purchase of goods, the receipt of services and the payment of employees cash increases; the end-of-period balance of the long-term equity investment report is 813 million yuan, a year-on-year increase
(i) Maintenance of high growth in performance, with a marked reduction in the cost rate during the period
In comparison with 18 q2, the end-of-income ring grew by 10.81 per cent and the end-of-profit ring decreased by 33.13 per cent. Overall, corporate performance kept growing at a high rate, with profits growing at a higher rate than the end-of-income, the main reason we thought was during the period (1).
Lower cost rate (cost 14.51 per cent in the first three quarters of 18 years and 17.66 per cent in the first three quarters of 17 years); (ii) investment resulting from a significant increase in fair value returns from unitybiotechnologyinc. and Humedicine, which were already on the list (18th quarter of 18 years)
Income from change in promised value was $590 million, and the gain from change in fair value in the first three quarters of the 17th quarter was in-depth follow-up to the semi-annual report of 1.2018-08-28 Ming Kande: performance Maintenance of high growth, leading by medical outsourcing
The cost rate for the three previous quarters was 14.51 per cent (-3.15 pp), bank construction projects and other service efficiency research and development activities; net operating cash flows of $2,452 million, an increase of 9.26 per cent over the previous three quarters; and receivables of $1,708 million, an increase of 20.08 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
(ii) Continued technology-driven growth in R & D inputs, consolidation of industry leaders. Companies insist on technology-driven R & D inputs, and continued consolidation of industry leaders. The main features are: (1) increased R & D costs. During the reporting period, R & D costs for companies increased by $297 million, or 30.86 per cent, with major inputs.
Dna Coding Complex Construction Project and other R & D activities to improve service efficiency increased to 4.29%. (2) Building R & D teams. During the reporting period, the company had 1,7461 employees (2698 more than at the end of 2017), divided by degree, of whom 6,599 received a master ' s degree or more, 960 a doctor ' s degree or equivalent, doctor ' s degree or equivalent.
In the reporting period, the Department made full use of external resources, funds and technical capacity, focusing on research and development activities such as the dna coded compound bank, synthetic chemistry aii machine learning, new pharmacological studies and animal modelling, and research on new process synthesis technology.
(iii) Investing in innovative medicines + in-depth strategic cooperation, contributing to long-term sustainable development of companies, engaging in innovative drug equity investments with a high return and synergy with corporate business.
In addition, companies continue to invest in innovative medicines, successively in oncology, the treatment of cancers and the treatment of geriatrics.
In order for companies to actively promote investment in the field of innovative medicines, they can generate substantial returns through, for example, listing outs or milestone payments, while, for example, they can increase the outsourcing of their own medicines by investing in innovative pharmaceutical companies, and achieve early intervention and deep binding of high-quality projects, with greater returns from investment.
At the global level, deeper strategic cooperation has been strengthened to promote steady and sustained growth in corporate operations. Companies have engaged in a deep interface with the entire supply chain system of small molecular pharmaceutical enterprises, such as research and development, procurement, production, innovative process development and scale production services for their clients, from the stages of drug research and development, pre-clinical research, clinical trial research and development to commercial production.
The Division’s global clients include not only major international pharmaceutical companies, but also start-up innovation drug research and development companies, as well as scientists, to promote a steady and sustained growth in corporate business through deep strategic partnerships. During the reporting period, the company established a joint venture with Mayoclinic in the United States to develop and deliver clinical diagnostic services to China.
It is believed that this joint venture with the Méo Clinic will be authorized to provide Méo-developed testing services for Chinese hospitals, health-care providers and patients, and that the diagnostic operations of the Help Company will gradually mature. (iv) Equity incentives will be broad and the talent incentive mechanisms will be improved.
In August 1818, the company introduced the Restricted Stock and Equity Incentives programme, which is proposed to award 8.8569 million shares, representing approximately 1.7714 million shares, or 20 per cent of the total. Of this total, 1,528 persons, or 10.37 per cent, were first awarded incentives, including company directors, top managers, middle managers.
When the conditions are lifted, the individual release factor is determined on the basis of the performance test. Our understanding of the equity incentive is as follows: (1) The incentive range is wide. The incentive range is 1528 people, or 10.37% of the total number of companies. The incentive range covers directors, top managers, middle managers, technical cadres, grass-roots managers, technicians, etc.
The goal is to motivate core and technical teams, improve operational efficiency, and help retain and attract excellence for the long-term development of the company. Compared with the company's recent sales performance, we believe that the lifting of the sales restrictions is a general event, with over-achieving performance appraisals aimed at retaining and attracting excellent talent, which will be at the core.
Individual interests of teams and technical teams are tied to corporate development, which stimulates motivation and improves operational efficiency. At the same time, show the public that companies value talent and help attract more talent. (3) Equity incentive amortization costs have less impact on performance. Assuming that they were awarded in September, this restricted share was awarded for the first time in the period 2018-2021.
The company’s three-quarters performance has been growing at a high rate, and we look forward to its future. The company is an absolute leader in the field of domestic medicine outsourcing, with an international leader in open, comprehensive, integrated new drug research and development services.
The company's strong R & D capabilities in the country, the launch of a Dna coded compound bank to enhance drug screening capabilities, the expansion of research and development bases in the United States into precision medical projects, and the active layout of production bases in Tianjin, Chengdu, Kaidong, Suzhou, among others, have helped to continuously upgrade the platform's technical capacity to help clients improve R & D efficiency and develop clinical projects.
On the other hand, we look forward to the model of Innovative Medicine Investment + Deep Strategic Cooperation, the investment of Innovative Medicines, the creation of a joint venture division with Meow, etc., which helps companies to reach out to potential clients, and is expected to increase their project stocks by early intervention, deep binding, and high customer stickyness. In addition, the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has a high profile, growing market demand, and companies are expected to lead the industry.
On the whole, the strategic layout of corporate integration is moving forward, and we look forward to the future performance of the company of billions of yuan, corresponding to eps of 2.01/2.20/2.69 and to pe 42/38/31. The “recommended” rating is maintained.