Pacific securities pacificsecurities stock (002714)
Agriculture, forestry, fisheries, stockholdings in herbs: high-growth, high-performance industry leaders, 2019 annual reports, $20,221 million in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
51.04% by length; net return to the mother is 6,114 million, an increase of 1075.37% over the same period. 1 Cost control is strong & pig price rises drive the company to perform well.
In terms of prices, the national average price of a pig was approximately $22.27 per kilogram in 2019, an increase of 77.03 per cent over the previous year.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
At the same time, profitability significantly reduced the debt burden in 2019, with companies now having the lowest asset-liability rate in 10 years, at 40.04 per cent.
The death of animals and their more negative impact on the general population ' s consumer mentality, such as the caviar plague or avian flu, has led to shrinking demand in the market, thus affecting both industry and related enterprises ' earnings and the expected risk of a significant drop or increase in livestock and meat prices.
Lower than cost increases, affecting the profitability of industries and related companies, and risking future growth and even decline in performance. 3. Risk of price volatility of raw materials: the main raw materials used by companies to produce and operate and agriculture
Production and prices of products are more affected by uncontrollable factors such as weather, market conditions, etc. If the price of major raw materials fluctuates significantly in the future, it will affect the profits of industry and related companies4 and the listing of non-pest vaccines: the listing of effective non-pest vaccines will fundamentally stop the non-pest disease.
The spread of the situation will have an impact on the pace of the process and the increase in the price of pigs may not have been as expected.5 The start of the slaughterhouse after the outbreak of the new crown disease and the rate of commencement of the plant are below expectations, and the price of pigs is more affected and consumed than expected.
Xiaodong Xiaodong Xing: Joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2008 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector. The main areas of study are livestock breeding, aquaculture, seeds, fodder, etc. Wang Yanjun: Master’s degree from the Chinese People’s University, joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in 2018 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries sector.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.