The company published its semi-annual report for 2020 on the evening of 20 August. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue.
In the first half of 2020, the new crown epidemic spread globally, and trade frictions between China and the United States escalated, resulting in a total equity share (millions of shares) in economic activity:
Impact. In the face of external uncertainty, companies achieve sound operations: 1) Enhanced R & D precision inputs: Public Market Value (millions): The Division continues to strengthen its investment in ai, cloud computing and big data, 5g, etc., and to build on core technology
Growth of 1.84 pct over the same period in the previous year. 2) Strategic point of opportunity management focus: companies increase their breakdown of industry clients understanding, rapid R & D and delivery, and enhance opportunities for landing operations. 3) Deepening the development of global marketing systems: domestic markets, companies continuously promoting the development of channel systems; foreign markets, firms continuously promoting the expansion of channels
4) Keeping the process of fine-tuning management: the company has further developed the flow of ltc, ipd, and intr, to achieve efficient operation of the end-to-end process system. In the first half of 2020, the net operating cash flow of the company was -107 million yuan, compared to -870 million yuan in the same period the previous year, and the repayments have improved significantly.
In the first half of 2020, the company's operations were affected to varying degrees by external environmental impacts.
In the case of the US dollar securities company, study of the shares in China (002236.sz): the annual report is consistent with 2. In the case of domestic operations, revenue is 5,790 million yuan, a decrease of 18.31 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to the lack of demand at the end of g and the epidemic.
8.87% negative growth. We believe that with the effective control of the domestic epidemic, a steady recovery in demand at the end of the g, and a sustained demand release at the end of the b-information transition, companies are expected to continue to develop robustly. Soc chips and chip-mixed chip companies are transferred and further optimized in business structures.
On 9 July 2020, the company issued a public announcement on the signing of a framework agreement on the transfer of equity rights and related transactions by wholly-owned subsidiaries, transferring 100 per cent of the ownership of the Hinterton micro-chip to Hingzhou, Ningbo Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hsing Hsing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hing Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hsing Hsing Hsing, Hsing Hsing Hsing Hs, Hsing Hsing Hs, Hsing Hsing Hs, Hsing Hsing Hsing Hs, Hsing Hs, Hsing Hs, Hsing Hs, Hs, Hs, Hss, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, H, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs, Hs,
We believe that the completion of this equity transfer will be beneficial for the company’s focus on core business, further optimizing the company’s business structure, and increasing the efficiency of the allocation of available resources. At the same time, the cash transfers will serve as an important complement to liquidity, increasing the company’s cash flow.
The gradual recovery of government spending accompanied by the fall of the ai+video association in the transformation of corporate informatization, the new crown pneumonia epidemic, which led to less than expected macroeconomic developments and less than expected policies such as the snowworks, and so on.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, produces the present report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are derived from compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and adoption.
A reasonable judgement concludes that the findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party. A description of the securities investment consultancy business, according to the Certificate of Operating Securities (z23834,000) issued by the CSRC, GSM is qualified for securities investment consultancy operations approved by the CSRC.
The securities investment advisory business refers to the conduct of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting and publication of portfolio investments to the customer.