q3 income continued to rise, and net interest rates continued to increase innovation.
The net profit to achieve the return of the mother is 709 million yuan, with an increase of 144.1%, and the net profit to deduct is 670 million yuan, with an increase of 86.0% for the same amount.
Hi, Panda and Panda needles continue to grow rapidly, and angel needles are contributing more. Three quarters of the industry is being consumed below the end line with repeated effects of the epidemic, and companies are still in reverse.
Li Xiao, with a high growth of 75 per cent and an increase of 4.2 pct over the second quarter ' s income acceleration, has benefited mainly from: 1) the high-sintitude of boom products such as tiles, panda needles and their continued high sales; 2) 3 seasons
(c) Bonida products benefit from increased heat in the market for long-activities resistant products, security is constantly being tested, and a steady growth is expected to be achieved by targeting the volume segment of the market.
The product structure optimized the Māori rate, the management rate optimized, the financial rate decreased, and the fair value change yield led to an increase in net interest rates. The company increased the Māori rate by 2.0 pct to higher Māori product sales in the first three quarters of Nepal and panda needles.
Extension of needles during daytime at 21q3 hours increased marketing costs; the first three quarters management rate was reduced by 1.6 pct mainly due to increased interest income from financing; in addition, the company ' s 21q3 achieved fair value changes.
Fomboan biology and the first changes in the valuations. In summary, the first three quarters of the company came back to the mother's net interest rate.
The new needle is expected to be the next blow during the day, and the multi-product layout will be ready in the future. According to Ferro \triangleright conspiring to develop 2021.06.
Stsalivin, in 2020, the market for transparent sodium acid injection products was as high as Emmett (300896.sz): Hi, 27.2% was number one, and by amount, 14.3% was pushed into the top three, accompanied by high body, panda needles.
Panda needles are growing and cost is continuing to be excellent, and it is expected to increase its share even further. In the second half of this year, the company began to promote needles during the daytime, and the regenerative product became an anti-degenerative show.
At the same time, the company actively distributes the products of botulinum toxin (in clinical phase 3) and Lilalupine (in clinical phase 1) and opens up the long-term growth ceiling. In general, the company has a large stock of products and insists on selling them directly.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., which sells as an auxiliary marketing model, is expected to continue to lead the fast-growing medical-American market.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in the west corner of the city, the 9th House, building 9th Street, profit forecast and investment rating: product terminals such as company priority products, panda needles, and Bonida, the feedback continues to be high, needles are actively promoted during the day, and product matrices are constantly running.
High-speed growth and a rich future stock of products, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Risk factors: poor marketing of products such as high-body panda needles; deteriorating demand in the industry; policy regulation, Li Xing, Master of Finance, University of Gangan, three years of research experience in the consumer goods industry, joined the Sunda securities in 2020 and engaged in cosmetics and medical beauty.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.