In the first three quarters of 2021, the company achieved an operating income of $1,023 million, an increase over the same period the previous year.
144.09 per cent; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies netted off non-current gains and losses of $670 million, which is higher than expected by the company ' s performance in the first three quarters of 2021 than in the same period of the previous year.
In fact, China’s market for medicine and America is still developing rapidly, market demand for corporate products remains strong, and the overall penetration of the medical beauty market has been re-innovated by net interest rates on company sales. In the first three quarters of 2021, the Māori rate of corporate sales was respectively high.
The Māori rate is nearly three years high. In the first three quarters of 2021, the net interest rate on corporate sales was over 70%. The company ' s profit level rose further, mainly because of the cost-side optimization resulting from the rapid growth in sales revenues. In the first three quarters of 2021, the company ' s management cost rate continued to improve.
The company speeded up the distribution of botulinum toxins, commercialized the products of paint needles, and expanded the product lines further. (1) On 14 September 2021, the company paid US$ 856 million in investment in the country ' s huonsbio to replenish and raise the cost of sales at less than 10 per cent.
The company's shareholdings have accelerated its research and development on botulinum toxins. At present, the demand for botulinum toxin medicine and the US market is second only to the demand for botulinum, and the company's botox products are expected to become a new performance growth point in the future. (2) The company's new product, "Silver day-to-day" , was approved in June 2021.
The market has been officially opened before. By daytime, the floating and dispersing microball technology is the world’s first approved skin filler of a microball containing a left-clad emulsion-ethanol co-polymer, pushing the paint pin product onto a new step. By day, it not only adds urinate to the market, but also adds it.
It has an immediate effect, and it does not need to be resoluble when it comes to operation. After daytime, it has been widely welcomed by health-care institutions, doctors and consumers, with good feedback, and has been produced in three quarters.
The US industry dividend. The company’s medically fine-tuned product line is becoming more and more abundant, with the advantage of innovative needles, which are expected to be released in the second half of 2021; it is expected to enter the weight management market in the future, with a high-growth rating system “market index” reference of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.