The East U.S. Attorney's Group (000333) reports depth from beauty to wisdom, one plus one plus two.
Investment rating: Buying (first time) Chen Shen sails Internationalizing macros of the home power giant, growth driven by internal growth
We estimate that if China's market area increased at a compound rate of 6.3 per cent in 2017-2019, Ho Kyung-hong would be successful in achieving a high turnover of low stocks as a result of America's group “t+3” strategy.
The share of the domestic market remained high, the share of the online and overseas sectors increased rapidly, and the acquisition of 94.55 per cent of the German Kuka, 80.1 per cent of the Toshiba electricity, 50 per cent of Israel's high shareholdings and 80 per cent of the Italian air conditioner's share will be won in the future.
Complementarity, increasing synergy in the globalization process, and we expect a compound increase in US revenues in 2017-2019: 9.1 per cent for electricity and a small increase in net profits expected for Kuka in 2017-2019 at 25 per cent.
Kuka's annual income and net profits are increasing by almost zero per cent, while new orders are increasing by 20.6 per cent, and will peak in 2017 at hand orders, with Kuka's Chinese-American harvest expected to drive more than a 15 per cent compound increase in the sale of North American robots and Chinese market robots.
Inner sales are expected to increase by more than 20%, and Kuka's share in the city will rise significantly, while Kuka has clearly proposed to raise ebit from around 5.5% by 2020.
We expect that by 2020 China will have a domestic electricity market of close to 2 trillion yuan, with rapid growth in air conditioners, cooking power, small household power, smart household electricity, etc., while overseas markets and online markets will be available.
Powerful. In the future, the American group will work with Kuka to develop industrial 4.0 intelligent manufacturing, ecosystems and intelligent home star products, represented by service robots, which are expected to work together to achieve a remarkable "one plus one plus two" effect, helping the powerful group to do it.
From the history of beauty to the history of wisdom, it has continued to produce unexpected performances that continue to entrench the constant competitiveness of the global elite. 1, Kuka research topic (ii): America's tax reform plan
Overstretched, robotic locomotives ahead of schedule, 2 and kuka research topic (I): “Manufacturing industry $16.7 billion, $18.7 billion, $20.8 billion, an increase of 14.12 per cent and 11 per cent, respectively, in the United States of America.
Large-scale strategic depth study: Robot demand surges, and if domestic power and robot performance are valued by 14 times and 60 times, respectively, it corresponds to a leading position in the manufacturing field, covering it for the first time, with a "buy-in" rating.
1. China ' s first power group, which is driven by internal growth.
After 49 years of development in 1968, the United States grew from a small production group to a large household power consortium with an annual income of nearly $200 billion, constantly pursuing its corporate mission of “Build a Good Life for Man” and building a diverse industry based on white electricity.
The American group, the only electricity company in the Chinese region, was ranked top 500 in the world of wealth in 2016, ranking 481, with a net profit of $22.2 billion in 2016, a net profit of $2.0 billion, a net interest rate of 9.12 per cent, and the fourth highest net profit in all the top 500 companies.
Net interest rates are third highest, and profitability is high. As America’s blocs expand abroad, and intelligent manufacturing is growing, there is a hope that it will be able to catch up with a solar power giant on a revenue scale in the future, becoming one of the world’s leading electricity companies.
The annual revenue structure of the United States Group for 2016 is as follows: air conditioners (42 per cent; +3.5 per cent; Māori rate 30.6 per cent); washing machines (10 per cent; +34 per cent; Māori rate 28.6 per cent); refrigerators since the successful introduction of the “t+3” sales model, which has resulted in significant efficiency gains and a rapid increase in net profits
Long, compound rate of increase from 2014 to 2016 is 40 per cent. Chart 5: The operations with the highest rate of increase in 2016 were washing machines (year-on-year +34 per cent), combined rate of increase of 40 per cent over the past three years
On 6 January 2017, the United States group had completed Euro3.7 billion (approximately RMB28-290 billion) through its wholly-owned offshore subsidiary, Mecca, plus 13.51 per cent already held.
The significance of this acquisition was to help the American group develop a strategic pattern of “intelligent home plus intelligent manufacturing” predominantly based on electricity (75 per cent income, about 28 per cent Maori), backed by robotics (25 per cent income, 27 per cent Maori), and to strengthen industrial robotics and automated production in the Kuka industry.
A combination of competitive advantages in the field, and the United States corporate subsidiary Anders Logistics will benefit from the Kuka Group subsidiary Rishig's leading logistics equipment and system solutions, cooperating in storage and logistics automation in China's logistics market and promoting the development of large, market-smart logistics platforms.
One billion yuan (+11 per cent of the same year), excluding non-net profits of $42.6 billion (+14 per cent of the same year); the Māori rate of 25.1 per cent (with 5.3 per cent of the same administrative cost (+1 pct). The Māori rate and net interest rate of the United States group have declined to varying degrees over the past year, as a result of the 2016 and Tsungji households, 2017 and Kuka.
As a result of this quarter's kuka table, goodwill and intangibles have all risen more in the balance sheet, rising to $27.3 billion, and intangibles to $16.7 billion. Companies amortized on asset premiums acquired, $600 million amortized in the first quarter of 2017; net of amortized premium effects, group
Net profits increased by 22 per cent over the same year; amortization costs are expected to be $2.4 billion throughout the year, and the success of the “t+3” efficiency model in 2018 has led to a steady increase in the amount of pre-collected accounts since 2015, while the balance of receivables has continued to decline, with inventory growth mainly due to the combination of kuka and Toshiba.
The new production and marketing model of the Le Wu Portfolio t+3 client order system has been fully advanced, moving from the original reserve-type production to the customer-to-house order production, reducing intermediates such as transit, and pushing the manufacturing power through both production and sales tests.
The implementation of the t+3 order system has effectively enhanced the control of the inventory cycle and the occupancy of the stock area, and the efficiency of operations and turnover has increased significantly. The global distribution of channels will encourage the American blocs to continue to consolidate the world-class industries of power giants.
In short, China’s market line has remained strong, with the introduction of home-grown brands with a deep “cartists’ spirit” and the expansion of the blueprint “intellectual home plus intelligent manufacturing.” Change the traditional pattern of market-level pressure and end-to-consumption.
Quick Response, Rapid Settlement, Low Stock Group Incentive Scheme Overview: 1, 3rd Partner Scheme: America's Core Group Management Team Holdings and "America Collections"
The third stage of the stock-holding scheme, which involves 10 executives such as the president, five vice-presidents, the director-general of the department of business and the business unit, buys American group stocks from the second-tier market in the form of a stock-holding scheme, with funds coming from the company.
Annual net profits are pro rata, based on performance indicators for 2017 (weighted roe to partner). As of 18 May 2017, the managers of the third equity-holding plan, International Finance Corporation, Inc., had completed purchasing from the secondary market from $34.77/stock.
Purchase of 2,846,445 shares for the third round of equity holdings, which was planned by the United States-based group, with a profit not less than the average for the previous three fiscal years; 3 and 4th stock options plan: the United States-based group proposes to award 1,463 business cadres on its own.
After May 12th, 2018, the right to move in three phases within 36 months, with the highest level of operation consistent with the interests of all shareholders, with a long-term incentive to optimize corporate governance.
2.1. The Central American market will be the two major growth poles of global robotic sales. Industrial robots, as essential equipment for modern high-end manufacturing, are the best tools for coping with rising labour costs and increasing production efficiency. Industrial robot density measures every million manufacturing industries.
The use of industrial robots by workers is one of the most important indicators of a country’s modern manufacturing equipment, and the higher the density of industrial robots, the more advanced their high-end manufacturing is. According to ifr, the global average of industrial robots in 2015 was 69, Korea, Japan, Japan, and the higher the density of industrial robots.
In developed countries such as the United States, industrial powers have an average industrial robot density of more than 150, with South Korean robots with a density of 531 (the highest in the world), United States robotics with a density of 176, and China with a density of only 49, which is below the global average. We expect China to achieve hyperdensity by 2020.
According to ifr, the top three of the world's industrial robot stocks in 2015 were Japan (300,000) > China (260,000) > United States (220,000), while in terms of sales data, China is currently the world's largest industrial robot market, with about 69,000 in 2015.
Global sales of industrial robots in 2015 were converted to the approximate sales price of single robots, and the global sales of industrial robots in 2015 were ranked as China (about $3 billion) > Europe (about $2.2 billion) > the United States (about $1.2 billion).
In April 2016, the Ministry of Industry and Communications, the CDRC, and the Ministry of Finance jointly published the Robotic Industry Development Plan (2016-2020). The Plan states that China will achieve autonomy of more than 10,000 units by 2020, with annual sales revenue from service robots exceeding 30 billion yuan, and that more than three units will be cultivated internationally.
Competing champions build up five or more clusters of robotic support industries; industrial robotics, service robots and critical parts technology indicators meet or are close to the same level abroad, with domestic municipalities accounting for more than 50 per cent; robotic density is above 150 per cent.
So we expect China to remain the world ' s largest robot market in the next four years, with a combined 20 per cent increase in the number of robot sales stations per year in the next four years (2016-2020), such as the upgrading of fruit-cum-smart manufacturing needs, the increase in industrial concentration and the sale of industrial robots by leading companies.
By 2020, the country will have achieved nearly 180,000 annual sales, exceeding $52 billion ($7.5 billion); by that time, China will have reached a stock of nearly 900,000 industrial machines, with a robotic density of over 170.
The US “manufacturing back” is one of the key policy objectives of the Trump government, and robots will be one of the key drivers of the revival of manufacturing. In 2016, US manufacturing manufacturing added value to gdp was only 12%, compared to 30% in China, 23% in Germany, and 16% in the EU.
The proportion of people employed in manufacturing has fallen to only 8% of all jobs in recent years, and manufacturing competitiveness has been pursued by other countries, with a huge trade deficit. The United States economy as a whole is now doing well, and the Trump government is fulfilling its competitive commitments, seeking performance, strengthening the competitive edge of the United States industry, and boosting the overall US economy.
It is expected that the Trump government will continue its efforts to promote manufacturing in terms of large-scale tax cuts, major capital improvements, international investment, and large international orders.
The industrial robot industry is the soul of reshaping America’s competitive advantage in manufacturing. US manufacturing workers have seen their wages increase at a compound rate of about 2.36 per cent over the past 10 years, and US manufacturing workers have hired more than three times the cost of industrial robots per year in 2016, five times the cost of industrial robots per hour.
Thus, industrial robots can significantly reduce production costs and increase production efficiency, especially in such industries as capital-intensive, high-value-added cars, and 3c. In 2016, the density of industrial machines in the United States was about 190, only in the middle of the developed world, and increasing the use of industrial robots was driven by the fact that they were more expensive.
America’s manufacturing sector must be fully revitalized. It is assumed that if the United States succeeds in implementing a major “manufacturing back” strategy, manufacturing estimates, 5% (conservative estimates) between 2017 and 2020, the corresponding increase in the volume of industrial robotics sold in the United States will be more rapid.
The demand for volume and updating is expected to reach a peak of 31 per cent in 2020 for industrial robot sales (restrictive estimates), 27 per cent (neutral estimates), 24 per cent (conservative estimates), and a good basis for 25 years for robot sales.
The Kuka quarterly report achieved revenues of €790 million (+26 per cent); net profits of €26.6 million (+30.6 per cent for the same year); Māori rate of €24.7 per cent (a 3.4 per cent decrease over the same period last year, mainly due to a slight decline in system integration and the Rízéger Māori rate); and net interest rates of €3.4 per cent (an increase over the same period last year).
1 pct); operating cash flow €82 million (year-to-84%), mainly due to North American clients not being able to recover their payments prior to delivery and to pay them as a whole after delivery. Kuka’s financial highlights are: 1, kuka’s order for 2016 increased by 20.6%, while revenue increased by only -0.6%, for example, in 2017.
Quick fluctuations, it is known that Kuka's new orders are more volatile than income increases, and the rate of income increases is clear in years. Industrial robot manufacturers usually have a three- to six-month period from book orders to receipts, as Kuka orders have been in place for almost a year.
The new order of €800 million (+29.6 per cent of the year) can be expected to raise Kuka's income in 20172 and the system integration operation will reach its peak in 2017: Kuka's system integration €1.39 billion (+-5.2 per cent of the year) and 1.64 billion euros of the order in 2016
Dollars (same as +15.2 per cent); revenues of Euro370 million (same as +26 per cent) in the first quarter of 2017,3 and high revenues and orders for robotic operations in 2017: kuka robotics (same as +22 per cent); revenues of Euro270 million (same as +29 per cent) in the first quarter of 2017,
The new order of Euro300 million (+27 per cent for the same year) allows it to be expected that robotic operations will start in 2017, and that the Rishge logistics automation operation will start in 2017: in 2016, Kuka ' s Rushig operation will achieve income of Euro590 million (+4.4 per cent for the same year) and a new order of Euro740 million (+34 per cent for the same year);
(ibid. + 83 per cent), reflecting the global surge in demand for automated systems as power suppliers and logistics technology develop, it is expected that Reshgg operations will be able to look at East Wu Xian in the second half of 2017.
Soochowsecurities, based on Kuka's history of single-quarter orders and income-related, add orders in a single-quarter and start up Kuka's new-quarter orders in a single-quarter amount that continues to be much higher than the one-quarter revenue.
And this trend was continued in the first quarter of 2017, where income could be expected to be close to or greater than the amount of the entire 2016 purchase order (Euro3.4 billion), thus exceeding (1) the 2016 report, which showed that Kuka received Euro1.370 billion in new orders on the North American market (ibid.).
By comparison with +38%, revenue is recognized at €1,06 billion (+2.4%). With the strong United States economy and the implementation of the United States “Manufacturing Return” strategy, Kuka is expected to earn €1.4 billion (over 30%) in North America in 2017, as Kuka outperformed the North American market.
Thirty-six per cent of the increase in North America’s income will drive Kuka’s annual income upwards. (2) In 2016, Kuka received a new order in China of €525 million (+44 per cent of the year), confirming income of €450 million (+5.9 per cent of the year).
Kuka’s share of total revenue in the Chinese market is over 15%, and the Chinese market will become the market.
Kuka’s second driving force in global performance in 2017. Figure 44: The United States and China markets are two major drivers of performance: right, with income at about 40 per cent, and other regions are growing at a flat rate (by more than 0 per cent, with income at a ratio).
2.3. Four family comparisons: Kuka is the most pure robotic company, and the following financial data are the United States dollar denominated data of the Bloomberg terminal, while Japanese equities collect four quarterly aggregates of 1/1-12/31 per year, as reported up to 2016.
Kuka's robotics have high growth potential, 1 or 4 family robotics have experienced steady growth in revenues, and Kuka's 2016 robot sales grew at the highest rate of 9 per cent in the four families.
According to ifr, the global sales of industrial robots have been low in 2009 and high in 2011, over the last 10 years, we estimate that ifr's global sales in 2016 are increasing at about 3% of the total income of the four families in 2016.
The rate of increase in robotic revenues is ranked as: Kuka (9%) >Duana (7%) > Ancheon (4%) >abb (-4%) and Kuka is ranked first; of this, the Abb financial report does not single out robotic revenues, but merely estimates robotic operations as a share of historical data and calculates the proceeds of robotic operations in 2016.
Order landings in 2017 are expected to be the highest rate of growth in robotic income in four families.2 In 2016, the global market for robotics in four families was about 45 per cent, and the global market in Kuka was about 9.2 per cent, according to the size of the global robot market announced by ifr and the four largest households.
The share of the global market is measured by the entry data, and the share of the four families in the market has declined over the last 10 years, to about 45% in 2016. Small and medium robot manufacturers benefit from the overall growth of the robotic market, which is gradually increasing through individualization.
Kuka’s share of the world’s cities in 2016 was about 9.2%, up from 2015. Europe is now the second largest market in the world, North America, and China has a relatively small but fast market.
The group’s local advantage in China continues to raise the share of China’s cities and thus the world’s share.3 Kuka’s income from robotics is the highest among the four major families and the most pure industrial robotics: the robotics business ranked the income from the main business in 2016: Kuka
(37.3%) >Anchor (36%) >Abb (3.9%) >Anaco (34.5%) >abb > ; Le Wui kuka overall grew faster than others
One, Kuka is one of the four families with the highest combined income and net profit growth rates in recent years. Kuka's three-year compound income growth rate is 18%, and its net profit growth rate is 14%. Kuka's robotic operations earned 990 million euros in 2016, an increase of 9.2% over the previous year.
The overall profit level of the Kuka raises the scope of the Māori rate in 2016: the ranking of the Kanaco (44.2 per cent) > Ancheon (31.6 per cent) > abb (29.6 per cent) > Kuka (25.4 per cent).
The net interest rate rankings for 2016 are as follows: the main reason why the present profit rate of Kuka is lower than that of the other households is as follows:
1. Since about half of the business of Kuka comes from the automobile industry, the bulk of the automobile industry, the need for calibrated production line equipment, makes it difficult for equipment providers to obtain a high profit margin,2 the advantage of the Kuka lies in its own body and system integration, but at zero for the core upstream of the industry chain.
The relatively weak component control capacity and the high barriers to core parts have resulted in high prices for core parts crowding out the company ' s profit margin:3 labour costs and management costs in Europe are relatively high.
In the future, Kuka will work to develop multi-sector clients, develop a multi-industry 4.0 application scenario, customize smart production lines, create synergies with companies in high-inventive groups in Israel, take full advantage of the company's systems integration and industrial 4.0 ecosystem, and give due consideration to the industrial chain.
Kuka is enjoying high valuations at a high rate of growth, because in recent years, Kuka has performed well in terms of the robotic segmentation and the overall performance of the company.
Good performance, and the firm's insistence on a robotic and automated mastery, focusing on the development of smart manufacturing systems, has become the most typical pole company of 4.0 in German industry, with wide development space in intelligent manufacturing, and is therefore recognized by investors.
(1) Current ranking of valuations: Kuka (49)>Fana (34)>Akawa (28)>abb(2) Current ranking of pb valuations: Kuka (5.2)>abb(3.5)>Fana (3.2)> Figure 57: Current ranking: Kuka>Fana>Anchon>abb
Kuka is more focused on robots and automating 1, Kuka concentrates on the body and server downstream of industrial robots, industrial robots, Kuka and abb, respectively, go downstream from robots like welding and electrical automation equipment.
(a) The industrial chain of the instrumentals is therefore weak on upstream parts, and only the controller is self-produced, but understanding and penetration of downstream industries is more advantageous;
In addition to high-barrel decelerations, 2-Kutka customers are concentrated in the automobile industry and 3-per-cent growth in global automobile sales is expected to take place each year, especially in the new energy vehicle market.
Kuka has more than 98% of the population in German car manufacturers such as BMW, Daimler, Mercedes, etc. In 2017, Kuka's progress in opening up the North American automobile industry will remain optimistic, especially with regard to orders for large customers in the general automobile industry such as General Motors, Chrysler, Tesla, etc.
Abb focuses on the high end, robotics are sold at higher prices, downstream applications are concentrated in the electrical field of company ownership, while robotics account for less than 5 per cent, with little impact on the company’s performance.
In the area of automobiles and electricity. In addition, the company's main business has a very high Māori rate, and it's more profitable. The Antxuan power plant is similar to that of the Chinese department. Its main business is a frequency changer and a server. And it's a high-priced product with the lowest prices in the four families.
In 1973, Kuka developed its first industrial robot, called famulus, the world's first mechanically driven six-axis robot. Today, the company's four-axis and six-axis robotic payloads ranged from 3-1300 kg to 350-3700 mm of mechanical arms.
The size machines, door-to-door and multi-band robots are controlled on the basis of a universal pc control platform. The CCS industrial robots produce more than 10,000 units, and so far have installed more than 100,000 industrial robots worldwide. The advantages of the CUC robots are:
1) Robots use an open operating system that allows users to develop the appropriate power packages, menus, instructions, etc.
2) Robots have a high carrying capacity and long life. The average useful life of Kuka robots is 10-15 years. For example, the Kuka Disassembly Robots robots are made of "poly-carbon fibre" materials, lightweight, heavy torque, resilient, highly mechanical and vibrating, and make robots.
Very lightly and with a higher intensity, especially for high load operations, while the four-axis tilt design reduces the cost of maintenance. 3) Robots are flexible and reliable.
It's almost non-vibrational. Also, for the specialized wiring robots, Kuka has the largest vertical motion of 2.61 m. Because of its extremely high reliability and minimal downtime, it minimizes transport 3, the Chinese market has been operating for many years, and is well based.
In addition, in order to respond to the growing demand in the Chinese market, Kuka not only increased the annual production of robots in Augsburg, Germany, to 22,000 units in 2013, but also on the Kuka.
The first sea factory robot has also been successfully offline. 4. Industrial strategy 4.0 is fully advanced. Kuka, as a global automating leader, will continue to contribute to building artificial + equipment + product + customer connectivity through a large data platform for industrial processes.
Ecosystems, customizing, intelligent production. As the purest producers of robotics and systems in the four largest families of robots, they will be leaders of a new generation of productive revolutions, continue to upgrade the competitiveness of systems integration, and continue to improve their profitability in terms of the construction of intelligent plant cloud platforms.
Kuka has now developed a standard industry of 4.0 clients, including Sap, Salesforce, Hwa. It will also test water gradually in the blue sea markets, such as service machines.
In December 2014, Kuka completed the acquisition of the Swiss Gorg. Rishig was the leading automated service provider in the fields of medical care, warehousing, logistics, etc., and ranked top ten among the global logistics system in 2015. The acquisition broadened the business area of the GK, which was in the form of automating with the original industrial robotics.
According to a market study published by the Technavio consultancy, global automated logistics equipment is estimated at $26.3 billion in market size in 2015 and will reach $44.68 billion by 2022, with an annualized replacement capacity, increasing precision transport capacity and rapidly growing power vendor trade size.
Asia-Pacific markets will be the fastest growing market in the future. Rishig’s main products include the antostore light storage sorting system, the smartcarrier efficient cache and sorting system, and the carrypick no-man pick system.
The system saves more than 60 per cent of the land area, two thirds of the workforce, construction and land costs far below the level of the pool and box stacking system, with a recovery period of up to three to five years.
Figure 74: Autustore over the spatial use of other storage systems Kuka ' s current focus is: (1) To continue to increase market access in China in the light of the advantages of the United States, to be achieved by 2020
China doubled its market revenues; (3) Expanding the customers of diversified industrial enterprises outside the automotive sector, introducing more customized products and systems solutions in the field of robotics, systems integration and industry 4.0 and building industrial automation
Ecosystems to increase Māori rates and net interest rates; (4) Innovative projects and service robots with American groups, high-tech Israel and others to develop new products and models on industrial 4.0 solutions for industry, which are expected by the end of this year and next year
Based on research on American groups and the global automated market for industrial robotics and logistics, Kuka is expected to earn $3.64 billion in 2017-2019, $4.14 billion, 4.56 billion Euros.
3. The demand for electricity in large and small households is stable and has a strong head1 and, given the combined rate of growth of the disposable income of the country ' s rural residents at a rate of about 10 per cent over the past five years, that of urban residents at a rate of about 5 per cent.
(a) The historical trend of annual disposable income per capita, with a compound increase of 5.35 per cent in the income of urban residents,2 the assumption that the share of household expenditure on household equipment and services is stable for the population,3 and the increase in the number of households per household by 0.3 per cent per year as a result of the second-child policy;
Figure 81: Per capita consumption expenditure on household electricity per capita (household equipment supplies and services) = per capita annual disposable income* set up by households by 2020
The share of the estimated expenditure to the income of the population per household = per capita consumption expenditure (household equipment supplies and services) * household dollars (rural) corresponding to a compound growth rate of 4.8 per cent (urban) and 8.52 per cent (rural).
By 2020, the average household electricity expenditure is expected to be 5498 yuan (towns), 2293 yuan (rural), corresponding to a compound growth rate of 5.11 per cent (towns) and 8.85 per cent (rural).
The base figure is lower, but growing faster: the national electricity market is expected to reach 1959.4 billion (national), 155.5 billion (urban) and 37.38 billion (rural) by mid-2020.
(a) The total population of China is growing at a natural rate of growth;
3. Rural population = total national population - urban population, rural population to be compared in the process of urbanization
Rural population* = size of urban household consumption market + size of rural household consumption market expected to reach: 1959.4 billion (national), mid-country electricity consumption market space by 2020
Figure 86: The national electricity market is expected to reach 155.5 billion by mid-2020 (urban figure 87: total national electricity market is expected to reach 1959.4 billion by 2020, townships) and 373.8 billion (rural)
Corresponding to a compound growth rate of 7.26 per cent, the following model does not take into account the impact of real estate fluctuations on household electricity sales, except that residential power retention continues to increase naturally and leads to an increase in domestic demand for various electrical categories.
By 2020, household electricity holdings in urban and rural households continued to rise: 1 air-conditioning holdings have greater scope for upgrading: from 2016 to 2020, it is assumed that there will be an increase in air-conditioning holdings per 100 households: 121 to 147 (towns); 38
Upgraded to 58 (rural); 2, Laundry holdings have relatively limited scope: assuming an increase in washing machine holdings per 100 households from 2016 to 2020: 94 to 99 (towns),
82 to 95 (rural); 3. Refrigerator holdings are also relatively limited: from 2016 to 2020, it is assumed that there will be an increase in refrigerator holdings per 100 households: 96 to 101 (towns),
87 to 99 (rural). Figure 89: Consumption of household electricity holdings per 100 rural inhabitants by 2020 Figure 88: Consumption of household electricity holdings per 100 urban residents by 2020
Upgrading of 147 air conditioners, 99 refrigerators, 101 washing machines, 58 air conditioners, 95 refrigerators, 99 washing machines, 1, total national = urban + rural households
= Number of urban/urban households + number of rural/rural households, in which the number of households follows the scenario of the previous model,2 assuming that the proportion of future updates will continue the historical trend and as consumption capacity increases,
Update ratio = current year update demand/current household power holdings = (current household electricity sales - current year incremental demand) / current year household electricity holdings, current year incremental demand = current year national stock - last year national stock
= Per 100 households in the current year* - last year number of households* last year per expected current year sales = current year ' s incremental demand + current year ' s need for renewal1 and expected domestic sales of domestic air conditioning are expected to reach 806.5 million by 2020, corresponding to a compound increase
A rate of 7.5 per cent, which represents a break-down of the high temperature of domestic electricity;2 and the expected internal sales of 49.42 million washing machines by 2020, corresponding to the compound rate of increase3 and the projected internal sales of 51.78 million refrigerators by 2020, corresponding to the combined rate of increase
4. The projected volume of internal sales of fuel smokers by 2020 is expected to reach 34.21 million, the largest segmenting of domestic electricity between empty and medium. Figure 92: Air conditioners and smoke opportunities are expected to be the fastest growing class of products in domestic sales by 2020
Taking into account the power-to-house drive of the real estate, it is expected that by mid-2020, the combined rate of national electricity sales will have increased to 8.9 per cent for air conditioners, 6.85 per cent for washing machines, 6.3 per cent for refrigerators, 2008-2015 historical data on the increase in the sale of electricity by everyone and the sale of merchandise rooms
The area increase is highly correlated, and the peak sales of domestic electricity may lag behind the peak sales of merchandise houses. The year 2016 saw a year-on-year surge in sales of merchandise houses, which greatly boosted the already depressed air-conditioning market, and the year-on-year increase in sales of air-conditioning in 2017, as measured by industry online statistics, in January.
The strong correlation between the 61% increase in February and the 86% increase in March and the 63% increase in March, while the refrigerator and washing machine data present the same properties as the air-conditioning data. Taking into account the impact of the sales of merchandise houses on household electricity sales, we measure the following models:
Key assumption 1: the future volatility of the real estate market will be reduced and the overall market stabilized; accumulated real estate investment has been declining over the years, the area of commercial housing waiting to be sold has been declining at the same rate since 2017, while the new construction of commodity houses has been on a par, completed on a par, and sales have been on a par with the same data.
Keeping up the pace of growth, the government's report on its work established priority targets for continuing to increase housing supply in cities under high housing prices, continuing to pursue stock-taking on three or four lines, and we expect future real estate investments and real estate sales to fluctuate at a low rate of less than 10 per cent.
The sales will be affected accordingly, so we assume the same figure as the sales of merchandise houses in 2017-2019.
All sales in refrigerators, washing machines are a relatively stable parameter, and the “area of real estate sales ratio parameters for household electricity sales” were higher at the beginning of the year and lower at the end of the year (as household sales peaks were in spring and summer, while real estate sales peaked in September-December).
Data, assuming a ratio parameter relative to household electricity sales in the area of real estate sales in 2017-2019, and assuming a slight annual increase in household electricity sales corresponding to the area of a commodity house. Projected household electricity sales = projected area of sale of a commodity house/(real estate sales relative to household electricity sales)
As a result of the successful implementation of the “t+3” marketing model, the United States group will continue to enjoy a higher rate of growth than the industry as one of the most competitive domestic power poles. Grigg+America’s air-conditioning internal markets account for more than 60%, and the United States group’s air-conditioning markets account for more than 60%.
Second, second only to the Gorge, and there is a marked pattern of growth in the market share of the beautiful and the Goli, which fluctuates between 20 and 28 per cent in the history of the United States group, with the success of the "t+3" strategy and the rapid increase in the share on the line, which has led to the emergence of the current American group's market share of all categories of goods.
The city’s share is expected to remain high in the future, and to enjoy a higher rate of income growth than that of the industry as an absolute leader. It is worth noting that the US export market share has been consistently higher than that of Grigg and Haile since 2013.
Other competitors, such as the others, have demonstrated their extraordinary ability to develop in the global market. In recent years, the beauty of the United States has been increasing its profile on internationalized channels, acquiring 80% of Toshiba power and 80% of Italian air power in 2016, shifting 80% of clivet's stock, and aeg of high-end German state electricity brands in 2017.
Export growth is expected to be higher than total revenue growth, and to drive overall sales up, so we expect a 11% increase in the company-wide power plate business from 2017 to 2019, and figure 100: America ' s domestic sales of household air conditioners have risen in 2016.
Figure 102: U.S. sales in washing machines rose to 28 per cent in 2016 and export markets to 22 per cent
Small household electricity products are so diverse that there are now more than 40 in our market, and there will be a lot of small domestic electricity emerging products in the future, such as the spring of rain, that will become a new growth point. Looking at the small electricity market as a whole, the main factor contributing to market growth is the small electricity market.
Power can be divided into the following categories: household appliances such as vacuum cleaners, electric irons, cleaners, etc.; kitchen appliances such as rice pans, shredders, dishwashers, cabbage machines, etc., which are used to save time; and beauty gymnasium appliances such as the “value economy”, which is used to save time.
The best share of household electricity in small household appliances is in kitchens, where small household electricity, represented by cooking, juicer, is also the first consumer to come in contact with small household electricity products.
Driven by the dual role of promotion and potential consumer demand, small household electricity products are being upgraded to intellectual and high-end. For example, some high-end rice cookers -- ih electricity -- increased their share of the market on the line from 8.0% to 2016.
15.5 per cent, with the share of the offline market rising from 19.4 per cent to 42.9 per cent, the rice market is moving in the direction of intelligence and high-end.
Household power will reach 45 per cent in this category, 25 per cent in cooking power and 28 per cent in household appliances. Small household electricity operations are expected to be more visible as a result of the introduction of innovative business models such as low purchase prices, flexible use patterns, higher consumption benefits, electricity suppliers, business, smart homes, etc.
When power holdings are saturated, household consumption will shift to small household power and smart household power. In 2016, the country’s total sales of small household electricity grew by 7.3%, the number of electric fanes by 4%, the microwaves by 4.5%, and the gas heaters by 11.5%, with a positive increase.
1. Consumption escalation + low penetration has caused the small electricity market to break out into huge spaces, and as the per capita income of the country ' s residents and consumption levels rise, each household has more and more of its own small household electrical products, which are “deeper” into the lives of consumers.
Ailmentation, a structural shift in the structure of consumption from “have” to “optimal.” At the same time, a second-tier market is facing an upgrading of consumption, leading to an increase in sales; the urbanization of the third-tier market is accelerating, leading to the outbreak of demand in the market; environmental pollution is increasing and people are focusing on health, health-type products.
For example, air purifiers, water purifiers, will become a household necessity.
Quick, the replacement cycle is short (normally 1-2 years). Compared to power generation, which is more relevant to real estate, small households are less affected by the real estate cycle and have a stronger cross-cyclical capacity, thus ensuring less volatility in growth in the industry.
In terms of industry, there are currently less than 10 small household electricity holdings in our large and medium-sized cities, about 5 per household in rural areas, dozens per household in countries like Japan and Korea, and the country’s small domestic electricity market has a high growth potential. For the moment, only rice can be produced, and there is room for growth.
Microwave oven penetration is high, other products are not yet fully rolled out, overall penetration is low, and between 10 and 15 per cent is far from meeting market demand.
Figure 108: Small household electricity holdings are expected to increase steadily by 2020, and the export rate of small household electricity products is high, and the market for small domestic electricity sales will have the potential to increase significantly in the future as consumer habits change.
2. “Small home electric carriers” continue to produce star products, and their performance in innovative escort sales can be divided, depending on the duration of the product's development, into traditional small household electricity (dwelling, electromagnetic stoves, etc.) and innovative small household electricity (air purifiers, floor-cleaning robots, etc.).
In future development, traditional goods rely mainly on product upgrading to open markets, while innovative products rely on the introduction of new products to expand their size. At present, in the second-line urban market, the market share of the big electric giants of the United States, Supor, and Kooyang is more than 80%.
There are obvious advantages in brands, channels, and sizes, and competition patterns are largely stable. As a result, functional innovations in the diversification of small household electricity products have become important in meeting consumer diversity demands.
Discovering consumer pains and combining existing resources such as smart manufacturing, product technology, channel integration, etc. Products are growing in strength and internationally competitive. It's beautiful to be the country's first producer in the field of dishwashers, one of the world's three major dishwasher manufacturers, dishwashers.
More than 3 million machines are sold every year, and every six dishwashers sold around the world has one from the United States. The non-American group will work with Kuka to develop service robots to build the key links of the smart home ecological chain, with growth and profitability.
Three, the share on the line continues to rise, and the profit margin is better. The brand of the United States is ranked second in the country in 2016, and it also has a high share in the small domestic electricity market. According to our research on America’s group, the profitability of current-line operations is 3 percentage points higher than below the line, in 2016.
Upward sales accounted for 20 per cent of total sales, and sales on the 2017 line represented a breakthrough in total revenues. Prices of our national electricity bill have remained largely stable in recent years.
Because the cost of copper, steel, aluminium and plastic in electricity is over 60%, the cost of production will be affected by the price of upstream raw materials, and the American group will hedge the raw materials, because the American group will continue to operate multi-product lines, high-end brands and smart class layouts as well.
In May 2017, a joint venture was established with the Ileks Group to introduce aeg, a 100-year-old German high-end home brand, bringing high-end cooking and white products to the Chinese market; and in the future, new products will be launched with Kuka in the service of robotics.
On the whole, we believe that the future of the beautiful conglomerates is expected to maintain a stable rate of gross domestic electricity.
The demand for electricity remains robust, and the global demand for robots will also benefit from the global economic recovery and remain stable. On the upwards, America’s bloc’s revenue size will grow well in 2017.
For the first time, the “buy-in” rating was given for the performance of the household plate in 2017 (net of the projected annual asset premium amortization) by 14 times the capital position that could be manufactured by the pe. 1 Risk of fluctuations in household demand: future fluctuations in real estate sales could lead to business waves of household power
2. Over-expected risk of premium amortization: since premium amortization data are estimated throughout the year, it may be possible that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has an investment advisory board on securities