It's a big city, and it's a big change, and it's a "open door," and it's a company study, and it's a company evaluation.
• Non-monetary finance ii Investment rating: superior to large market (maintenance) 13 February, Xinhua Insurance issued an announcement stating that the accumulated income from the previous insurance premium between 1 January 2025 and 31 January 2025 was the people
The value of innovation in corporate reforms and high-quality development is becoming increasingly apparent. The country’s belief is that companies continue to promote a range of reforms at the various channels and at the end of the product, benefiting from payment periods, product structures, and the quality of the channels.
To benefit from the rebound in the capital market in 2024 and the continuous improvement in the quality of its operations, the “better than the big market” rating is maintained. Since 2023, regulation has continuously led the industry to lower its scheduled interest rates and, in the context of product restructuring, to fast-track savings-based insurance.
In this context, insurance companies have increased their sales of savings-type insurance, which is more sensitive to price rates, for a short period of time.
During the “open door” period in 2025, insurance companies promoted a combination of product innovation and expanded insurance coverage in the form of additional insurance to meet the multiple insurance needs of insured persons.
We expect that the product strategy will continue to generate premium revenues during the “open door” period. Figure 1: Our personal insurance industry is improving the structure of the insurance products and improving the value contribution of the channels.
Xinhua Insurance continues to optimize product structure, adding value contributions and product competitiveness. In the context of increased competition in savings-based insurance markets and overstretched market demand, companies continuously optimize product structure and strive to achieve differentiated competition.
High, companies are increasingly introducing red and almighty products and optimizing their structure in response to market reactions. With interest rates adjusted and equity markets stabilized, the returns from red and almighty products are expected to be higher than traditional risk, contributing to the continued rise in corporate value rates.
In addition, the company introduced high-end client service brands such as Xinhua Zhen and Xinhuaan to increase the frequency and quality of client services. By mid-2024, the company ' s risk channel had improved its performance and agent retention rates, and the quality of its workforce had improved significantly. The risk agent had 139,000 people on a monthly average of 27,000 people, with a monthly average of 18.2 per cent; the monthly average was 1,185 million people, compared to the average of 18.5 million.
The average monthly performance rate was 12.5 per cent, a 2.3 percentage point increase over the same period; the monthly average was 0.47 million people, an increase of 19.0 per cent over the same period, and the January premium income of the company was 32 per cent over the same period.
In the medium term, the results of the transformation of the company ' s business cycle have been remarkable, with an original premium revenue of $98,832 million and an initial annual premium revenue of $18,590 million for long-term insurance, of which $20.42 billion, representing an increase of 16.3 per cent over the 10-year period and the preceding period, the level of the company ' s premium income has continued to improve against this background: Xinhua Insurance ' s premium income and rate of increase for the period from 2020 to January 2025 (in billions, per cent)
Companies continue to promote a range of reforms across all channels and product ends, benefiting from continuous adjustments in contribution schedules, product structure, channel quality, and a sustained improvement in the company’s performance in the first quarter. They benefited from the rebound in the capital market in 2024 and continued improvement in the quality of their operations, corporate returns on investment, lower returns on investment, less than expected “open door” data, weak market demand, etc.
Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - Xinhua Insurance (60133.h) - Quality of business improvement, profit recovery - 2024-08-30 Xinhua Insurance (601336.sh) - Channel Transformation with Long-term Purposes - 2024-03-28 Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author