q3 with a record high in revenue and a high in stock and a high in industry, event: Wave Information released on the evening of October 30th, 2024, 3rd quarter 2024, \triangleright \triangleright
The 24q3 battalion has a high rate of re-innovation, and Internet customers are expected to remain the main demand force. In the third quarter, the company achieved \triangleright revenues of $41,062 million, an increase of 76.05% over the previous quarter.
This is linked to changes in the company’s client structure, where the demand for a robust server is now largely derived from the accelerated investment of Internet clients in the arithmetic, which is lower than in the traditional industry, and which affects the company as a whole with a return on profit rates and excellent cost control.
\triangleright 697 million yuan, 51.09 per cent increase in the same year; net profit of 734 million yuan realized in the first quarter of the same quarter, with the same increase in the cost side, the cost of corporate sales/management/research and development increased at the same rate in the first three quarters of 2024, respectively -
The stock has reached an all-time high, and two impairment losses are expected to fall back in q4. As of the third quarter of 2024,
At the end of \triangleright, the company’s inventory line reached $38.509 billion, a further 21% increase over the end of q2. Inventory is used as a forward-looking indicator for server & income orders, and the firm’s purchase orders, which continue to grow, remain high.
Wave information (000977.sz) performance for the three-quarters of 2024 Predictions: q3 returns to an all-time high, profit elasticity, profit level. Given that the company is primarily based on head Internet producers as its core client, the company ' s past credit loss
2. Wave information (000977.sz) depth report: Sworda 3. Wave information (000977.sz) reported performance in 2024
It is expected to remain high, and the company's leading role in the area of servers is high, and we believe that the current company valuation still estimates the performance of Wave Information 2024 semi-annual (000977.sz)
Q2 income is record high, profit elasticity or evaluation: performance is higher than expected, contract liabilities & inventory is higher than expected The methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is accountable for its content and perspective. The present report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.