Source 2.0-m32 Continuous arithmetic innovation, accelerated intelligentness, wave information (000977.sz) company dynamics studies, pressure on corporate profitability and steady growth in revenue collection.
Baoyc@cfsc.com.cn is the result of increased customer demand and increased server sales; net return to the mother is $697 million, an increase of 51.09% over the same period.
▪ The global leading t infrastructure product plus generation a programme The company is the global leading t infrastructure product, programme and service provider that provides customers with a variety of innovative it products, such as cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, etc.
Decision formula. In terms of algorithms, the company has launched a large corporate model to develop a platform for epai (enterpriseplatformofai) that supports 20+ polycube chips, including cpu, gpu and a variety of accelerometers, support enterprises.
Easy to cross the ai application development and deployment threshold. In terms of arithmetic, multi-ai server products, such as a new generation of open and accelerated computing servers, nf5698g7, a stable and efficient multi-arimental platform, are multi-open and green energy-efficient.
Convergence; a new generation of modular IRCs, covering different computational nodes, compatible with universal cpu, gpu, oam, can provide a data centre for clients to deploy complete liquid cooling solutions and achieve a Pue down to 1.1.
Intel co-published the ai universal server, which for the first time was operationalized by the industry on the basis of a universal processor that supports a multi-billion-parameter model that is flexible enough to accommodate the larger model-based ai applications and generic scenarios such as cloud computing, databases, etc.
At the data infrastructure level, the company released the generator-ai storage solution.
2. Wave Information (000977), a service that meets the stringent demand for large model applications in terms of storage performance and storage capacity, a terminal manufacturer, chhatgpt triggers arithmetic
Assisting users in accelerating data aggregation for large models, upgrading model training efficiency, streamlining the management of seafood 2023-02-24 volume isomer data, and achieving overall optimization for large model applications
Users construct the best data storage base in the artificial intelligence age. In connection with connectivity, the Division launched the Super-ai Ether Exchange x 400, which was built from the Nvidiaspectrum-x platform and is highly adept, slow and reliable.
The advantage is to optimize the roce for the big one, which is 1.6 times more robust than the traditional roce network, to speed up the process of intellectualization of the big model training and reasoning, and to sustain arithmetic innovation in source 2.0-m32
Companies have been at the forefront of large model algorithm innovation. The big model “Source 2.0” was released last November, and the big model “Source 2.0-m32” was released last May. Source 2.0-m32 is the latest exploration of wave information that continues to grow in large model areas.
As a result, through comprehensive innovations in algorithms, data, arithmetic, and so on, m32 not only provides performance comparable to industry-led open-source models, but also significantly reduces the arithmetic consumption required by low models.
Applying generation ai to provide an efficient path to model high performance and low arithmetic thresholds. m32 Open Source large models, in conjunction with a large enterprise model development platform, epai (enterpriseplatformofai), will help firms achieve faster technologies
The euphemisms and efficient applications are on the ground, providing a solid base and growing soil for the development of the artificial intelligence industry and accelerating the process of industrial intelligence.
Businesses can achieve faster technological overlaps and more efficient applications, faster industrial intelligence, less than expected market expansion, less development of new products, less recovery of downstream markets, computers and small and medium-sized plates.
Arithmetic studies with companies listed in the small and medium-sized trades. Areas of excellence include cloud computing, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence.
Toyomei: Graduated from Shanghai Transport University and joined the team in October 2023.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.