Wave Information (000977), 3rd quarter 2024, performance rating, 3rd quarter, high performance innovation, server leader position solid, Roebin.
Events: 3-quarterly company reports in 2024, with 83,126 million yuan in operating income achieved in the first three quarters of 2024, an increase of 72.26 per cent in the same year; net profit for mothers of 1,294 million yuan, an increase of 67.05 per cent in the same year; net profit for non-retroactive mothers of 1,155 million yuan, an increase of 176.67 per cent in the same year; profits are located at the centre of the previous performance forecast,
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company's operating income and profits were all record high. The company's performance in the first three quarters of 2024 was impressive, mainly in terms of revenue.
Thanks to the fast-growing ai, downstream customers have continued to increase their ai server purchases. In terms of profitability, interest structure changes, low Māori clients have increased; net sales interest rate is 1.71%, compared to 1.71%.
The server occupancy rate remains at the top of the world, with a flat-bed and cold-blooded domestic lead. As the global i-mold arms race continues to grow, the need for arithmetic continues to rise. Companies continue to focus on intelligence calculations, not only to perfect and enhance the distribution of intelligence products, but also to grow rapidly in company operations, servers and storage products.
According to the latest data released by gartner, idc, the company's server market is the second largest in the world, China's first, and the company's 2024q1, based on the latest data released by gartner and idc.
In addition, as the demand for high-performance and efficient heat-discharge solutions is growing in the data centres, companies have incorporated "allin liquid cold" into their corporate development strategies, and the entire warehouse is cold. According to idc data, in the first half of 2024,
The market size of China’s liquid cold servers reached $1.26 billion a year, a significant increase of 98.3% over the same year, with wave information holding China’s market first for more than 50%. The cerebral server’s eighth-generation computing platform was launched to set up a new firm-level computing pole.
Wave information has released a meta-cerebral server eighth-generation computing platform based on open architecture, with the advantage of "one core" to support the Intel-to-the-Tough6 processor and the amdepycTM9005 line processor. The platform has improved performance over the previous generation in the llama2 modelai reasoning landscape.
Three times, which provides strong support for the development and application of a big model. Based on international authority standards, the latest evaluation of the tissue spec, the meta-cerebral server, the eighth generation newer, has been given the first test of several tests, such as spec cpu, specjbb, specpower.
The generic flagship product nf5280g8 also updated the best track record of the two tests of speccpu and specpowerer energy efficiency, showing a significant 24 per cent increase in the previous generation of platform performances, a 20 per cent increase in energy efficiency records, a two-fold increase in performance, energy efficiency, and a new firm-level numeracy pole.
Investment proposals: As a global leader in its infrastructure products, programmes and service providers, companies continue to refine and enhance the layout of smart-calculation products and technologies and are expected to continue to benefit from artificial intelligence in the future Note: “market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-string.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.