14 October 2024: wave information released performance forecast on the evening of 14 October, company forecast for the first three quarters of 2024.
\triangleright 24q3 is close to $40 billion, and the single quarter is a record high. \triangleright based on the company's performance
In the third quarter, companies insisted on market-oriented approaches, actively seized industrial development opportunities, further refined product wiring, continued commitment to product technology innovation and improved customer satisfaction, and a strong outreach to domestic and foreign clients. At the same time, they promoted high production delivery capacity, faster product delivery, and faster business growth.
The second-highest record is a further indication of the high demand for domestic computing. \triangleright 2024q3 net profit of 703 million yuan in the first quarter and 24q3 net interest rate of the second quarter
1.77 per cent, an increase of 0.58 pct over the 24q2 ring. However, given that the 24q3 battalion continues to record a record high, the corresponding server delivery and raw material readiness levels remain or will remain high, and therefore the company is in charge.
Impairment losses and loss of credit will continue to need to be accounted for in the two accounts, with some negative impact on the perceived profits of the q3 quarter, where the actual profitability of the company is or is still undervalued.
In 2024, wave information (000977.sz) reported performance, investments are expected to remain high, and companies have a prominent role to play in the server sector.
Question: q2 q2 ́s higher than expected growth, profit elasticity or low 3. Wave wave information (00097.sz) 2024 semi-annual performance: forecast: q2 q2 ́s record high, profit elasticity or
4. Wave Information (000977.sz) Quarterly Report 2024: Assessment: Performance exceeded expectations, Contract Liabilities & High Stock Increase Evidence Methodology and Analytical Logic to conclude the study, to produce the report independently and objectively and to be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.