Shinjiyama, general computer equipment, wave information (000977.sz)
q3 Revenue and net profit growth is over-expected, and arithmetic demand continues to flourish \triangleright \triangleright \ October 17, 2024
The higher demand for the one server led to a higher than expected increase in corporate revenue. In the first three quarters of 2024, the \triangleright division continued to grow, mainly because head Internet producers in the country continued to increase their arithmetic capacity.
In the second quarter of 2024, the combined capital expenditure of the three major Internet producers, Ali and Tetsu, amounted to $22.9 billion, an increase of 69 per cent. At the same time, since this year, h20 has continued to account for a large share of domestic Internet computing chips, and has continued to be released during the last two quarters, pushing the company's own servers.
At the same time, companies have increased their R & D and delivery efficiency through initiatives such as constructing a digital R & D system with plm and gcp at its core, and operating super-intelligent 3-storey warehouses, with significant base data: 30 June 2024
Shorten the order delivery cycle, which, according to the company’s semi-annual reporting data, can still be reduced from 15 days to 5-7 days in the case of customized businesses. The company’s ability to make a profit continues to change in the first three quarters, while maintaining a high rate of income growth.
The company’s revenue side is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the short term, h20 is based on excellent multi-card connectivity and cuda ecology.
By the beginning of September, the number of h20 orders by bytes had been increased to 32,33,000, and 14-15 million have been delivered.
The demand for h20 from downstream Internet clients is expected to remain strong in the short term, and corporate revenues are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. In the medium and long term, with the growing input of self-research chips from large Internet plants in the country, the Internet self-research chip, represented by the Klon core, flathead, is accelerating and will be delivered in the coming years.
It is expected to grow significantly, and the wave is expected to account for a higher share of the Internet’s large-scale self-research chip servers, thereby contributing to long-term high growth in corporate incomes. As a leader in the domestic server industry, the company is expected to benefit fully from the continued relief of domestic computing needs.
\triangleright. Taking into account the over-expected release of h20 and the rapid warming of the general server market, upturns the original profit forecast, \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.