The yellow chicken business has lost a bit of the year's performance.
Winch shares issued a performance forecast for 2017, which projected a profit of $6.6-7 billion for the year as a whole, as a result of the low level of activity and the decline in the level of profitability of commodity pigs.
The sum per kilogram is about $330 for the head, and the entire pig-breeding plate is about $6.3 billion. The company’s share of construction work and productive biological assets has increased significantly, with 23 million and 28 million figures per year.
During the first half of 2017, the company was affected by the overall downturn in the market for live poultry products, the chicken business was severely hit, and the prices for commercial chicken sales fell by 30.19 per cent, and the chickens were raised.
In the second half of the year, however, the industry was back on track with the weakening of the impact of the H7n9 incident and changes in market supply and demand, and the prices of company chicken sales rose rapidly.
The plate is back on track, with three seasons of warmer performance, 2017-10-31. The continued low prices in the first half of the year, resulting in a clean-up of the yellow chicken industry, the projected yellow chicken price, the "Win" (300498) event: the yellow chicken price.
The landscape is sustainable. On the basis of a low base for the same period of 17 years, the chicken industry performed more resiliently in the first half of 18 years than in the previous year.3 In the semi-annual assessment of " Winch " (300498) shares: livestock
3: Open sales channels for fresh and green products, improve environmental protection for the breeding poles, delay performance and steadily expand downstream. Wen-chung is growing steadily, and the business is expanding to cities like Guangzhou, Dong-chung and Zhaoqing, which are now alive.
4- Winch Shares (300498): Farming of the Big Big Big, Businesses. More than 100 shops have opened, mainly in retail. Winch Fresh Products (Zero Center) as High Public Performance Growth 2016-04-19.
One of the initiatives of the Department to open new channels for the sale of live poultry is to sink down to the periphery of the agricultural and trade markets, covering wholesale customers. The expansion of distribution channels will effectively raise the corporate brand profile in the area of profitability and meat. Environmental protection has become a new norm in agricultural and livestock development.
Wen's share (300,498): The yellow chicken business has lost and slightly outperforms expectations throughout the year. The increase in concentration is a logical trend, and companies have always attached great importance to environmental work and are expected to benefit fully from the integration of the industry and to upgrade their market position.
Although the company’s performance has declined for 17 years, we still see 18 years of steady income from piglets and the high elasticity of yellow chicken plates’ performance. East’s financial boom, East’s financial boom, and East’s financial boom.
Winch shares (300498): The yellow chicken business has lost and has outperformed slightly throughout the year.
Research Assistant Introduction Qing Poetry Month Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.