The net profit of shareholders in listed companies is $6.6 billion-$7 billion, down the same period.
Environmental pressures and policy orientations have led to a steady increase in the size of the industry, leading enterprises are in a succession-taking capacity transfer cycle, and the release of capacity will contribute to a steady increase in performance, with companies being given a “buy-in” investment rating 1, an increase in sales of pig-breeding and chicken-breeding operations as drivers of performance growth.
The main factor behind the growth of around 40% a year. Similarly, in 2017, the company ' s chicken-breeding business experienced a low and high market climate, and the industrial boom in the second half of the year culminated in an overall year-round profit for chicken-breeding business, which was another reason for the company ' s performance growth of around 40% a year.
2. Industry is in a period of concentration and transfer of capacity. As environmental pressures have intensified, particularly with the introduction of environmental taxes, the restructuring of industrial capacity has accelerated, and industrial capacity has been shifting to leading enterprises.
Quantified – Performance growth driven by productive energy, 2017-2-10, with the leading firms making the most significant gains in the new round of trade shuffling. Similarly, policy guidance is also a good industry-sized enterprise, which further accelerates the increase in industry concentration.
On the other hand, as the scale increases, market price fluctuations will calm down, the industry will operate more robustly, earning reasonable profits will become a new normal for the future of the industry and even for the leading firms, and production will be released.
In China, Wen-Sung shares in securities and technological advantages (cost control and production efficiency, etc.) of the International Finance Center of the An-I-I-I-I-A (IFC) No. 18 on Maysan Road, Heung Fu City, An-Chung Province, An-Cheng Province, are among the leading players in the industry.
3-Spring business is expected to be a new business growth point for companies in the future. The raw industry is a very large market cake industry. Currently, the raw industry itself is highly competitive, has a large number of online brands, and the industry is fully competitive, but there are not many green companies with brand premiums or raw products.
With more and more capital crocodiles moving across the border into raw and fresh industries, the business environment is more severe. For Winch shares, we focus on the advantages of a company doing fresh and productive business: 1) the advantages of a whole chain.
Controls and cost advantages, and 2) capital advantages. Live-in business is competitive and is in a period of continued high capital investment, and the firm’s financial strength is even more important. Win-Stock shares are absolute leaders in the livestock industry, cash flows are abundant, and the public is a listed firm with access to finance, which is the key to the future development of the company’s fresh-life business.
For Winchester shares, the delivery of pig production is a central element in supporting the company’s short-term performance. In the long run, the business of life is the company’s promise to start a new cycle of company development.