Non-financial companies report that the fall in coal prices and the growth of new energy engines have increased profit in the first half of the year.
Investment rating: Purchase (upgrade) \triangleright Reduction in coal prices and growth in new energy loadings, with a high performance in the first half of the year. Company performance growth in the first half of the year benefited mainly from coal.
The fall in prices and the growth in the installation of new energy sources, with profits of 73.1, 39.1, 1.82 billion yuan for coal combustion, wind power, and photovoltaic taxes, respectively, and 1.259 million yuan for Liu Xiaoning, with changes of + 188 per cent, + 3 per cent, and +44 per cent respectively.
It was announced that the tax-free coal in the company during the first half of the year fell by 9.23% in the same year. In addition, the company reduced its assets by 260 million yuan in part of the fire power plant under the flag Dunspin in the second quarter.
A small minority shareholder gain/loss as a share of net profits (20%) declined significantly in the second quarter of the same year compared to a single quarter (29%) or was associated with an increase in the share of profits from its new energy sources; according to the company announcement, the company added about 8gw in the first half of the year, all of which were low-carbon clean energy projects, with electric power, wind power, light.
Wind power, light voltage, 2004 and 24.5 million kilowatts respectively, and wind power and light voltage, respectively, were 21 per cent and 59 per cent more than in the same period last year; in the second quarter alone, the amount of electricity connected to the Internet increased by 1.4 per cent compared to 99 billion kilowatt-hours, with coal, wind, 754, 101 and 7.4 billion kilowatt-hours, respectively, changing by 3.5 per cent, +14.3 per cent, and +48.1 per cent respectively, with the company's coal-fired unit being used in the same capacity.
In the first half of the year, coal power was over 4 points, free cash flow was positive, and roe was innovative. Based on the company's disclosure of electricity grids and pre-tax profit data, the pre-tax profits on coal electricity were 4.8 and 4.4 per thousand in the first and second quarters of 2025, respectively.
In the first half of the year, the company had a net operating cash flow of $30.7 billion, a net investment cash flow of $21.8 billion, and a free cash flow of $8.9 billion for the first time in the 14-55 period.
In the near future, spot coal prices in the Royal Island port have increased slightly, or put a slight strain on the company’s profits on coal power in three quarters; in the medium term, we would prefer to focus on the combination of annual electricity prices and capacity prices for coal power at the end of the year.
The amount of electricity connected to the grid and the pre-tax profit data are known to be 0.21 and 0.16/kWh per wind/kWh in the first and second quarters of 2025, respectively, with a single quarter of wind power and a single quarter of 0.0187 and 0.005/kWh, respectively, and taking into account this year's increase in the speed at which the wind volts are installed, we believe that
In return, the company’s receivables of $49.1 billion in the first half of 2025 increased only marginally compared to its counterparts at the end of 2024 (47.7 billion yuan) and continued the company’s better ability to repay its new energy sources. In February this year, it became clear that local rules were still to be implemented when new energy became fully available, and that the geometry of the impact on new power plants still needed to be verified.
But we believe that new energy No. 136 is similar to coal power No. 1439 and is expected to promote rational development in the industry. My personal perceptions of the target securities and issuers are personal.