Yili Industrial (600887 CH)
3Q rev/np +3%/59%; cost cut was key to profit growth
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB34.5
Yili's 3Q revenue/net profit stood at RMB31.2/3.1bn, up +2.7%/59.5%, and both
(Previous TP
RMB36.5)
came in in line with our estimates. The former was largely driven by a sequential
Up/Downside
25.6%
acceleration in liquid milk sales to +8.5% YoY (from -2.6%/+0.5% in 1Q/2Q) that
Current Price
RMB27.4
offset a rather disappointing momentum in low-temp/IMF sales (-35.7%/-3.9%
China Consumer Staples
YoY). Meanwhile, the latter grew off a low comps with a 1.6pp expansion in
GPM, along with a notable 1.6pp decline in opex ratio which we previously
Joseph WONG
asserted it to be a major earnings growth driver. Management has guided down
full-year sales growth target to MSD% (from low-teen), and we believe this
would not come in as a total surprise to the market, given consensus growth has
Bella Ll
already trimmed down to HSD% since 1H results. Separately, management also
sounded realistically positive on 4Q and even on 2024E outlook with an
actionable roadmap to gain market share in each segment. We remain Buyer of
Stock Data
Yili.
Outlook by segment. Management expects single-digit growth in liquid-
CNY that impacts the timing of restocking among distributors. The premium
Source: FactSet
Satine brand should keep its double-digit sales growth and further
Shareholding Structure
accelerate in 2024. IMF should deliver QoQ improvement as new products
introduced since August were well-received. Considering also the exit of
small players amid industry consolidation, October sales have already
returned to positive growth. The adult milk formula has fared well. Low-
Share Performance
temp business dipped in 3Q due to seasonality and a lower-than-expected
temperature nationwide. That said, given the segment's insignificant
contribution over 2H, management still sees double-digit growth potential
for the full year.
Source: FactSet
Earnings change. We slightly trim our 2023E revenue by 2.9%, driven by
12-mth Price Performance
(RM
600887 CHSHSZ300 (Rebased)
a 7.8% cut in IMF sales, followed by a 6.7%/0.5% cut in low-temp dairy and
liquid milk sales. Separately, we raise our GPM by 0.2pp to reflect an easing
input cost pressure, and this should partially offset the impact of a slower
top-line growth. Our net profit estimate is 1.5% lower.
Valuation. Our revise TP to RMB34.5 (from previously RMB36.5) based on
an updated 20.5x (from previously 21.0x) roll-forwarded mid-24E P/E, which
Source: FactSet
still benchmarks to -1sd below average. We value both Mengniu (2319 HK,
BUY), Yili (600887 CH, BUY) and Feihe (6186 HK, HOLD) at -1sd below
Related reports:
average, in view of lukewarm dairy demand, especially that for IMF, amid a
1. Tsingtao Brewery (168 HK) – 3Q rev/np -4.6%/+4.7%; above market
faltering consumption recovery.
Earnings Summary
2. Kweichow Moutai (600519 CH) - 3Q
3. 华润啤酒 (291 HK) - 消费企业日经营交
4. Budweiser APAC (1876 HK) – 3Q preview: flattish rev/EBITDA growth – Oct
19,2023
5. Mengniu Dairy (2319 HK) - 1H core
rev/np +3%/10%;a surprising beat - Sep
1,2023
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIGM will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.