Wei Hongmei, August 19, 2019.
Incident: On 16 August, the company issued its annual performance report for the year 2019, which achieved business income of $3.13 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 10.2 per cent in the same year; net profit from the parent, net profit from the deduction, and net profit from the parent, was 482 million, respectively
Cloud operations continue to grow at a high rate, and the transformation effect is becoming more pronounced. Companies continue to pursue a 3.0 strategy centred on cloud computing, with revenues from cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) reaching $472 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 114.6 per cent over the same period; of these, revenues from Saas, Baas, Paas, Daas, etc., have increased on a year-on-year basis.
At a time when the income of the cloud business depends on the subscriptions paid by its clients on a regular basis, the advance payments tend to be a precursor to the transformation of the business, with the company ' s 2019h1 advance payments amounting to $1,135 million, a year-on-year increase in the “saas+paas” ecological model.
Of these, the number of paying firms reached 431.0 million, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period, and the number of paying groups continued to grow.
In addition to receiving support for the development of the iuap cloud platform, the host partners are able to sell their own products to their clients at the highest price (in dollars) in December.
In December, the lowest price ($) was over 6,200 in residential products and services, and the platform’s ecology was expanding. Profitability was weak and cost controls were better over the period.
The decline of 2.9 percentage points is mainly due to higher operating costs on a par with higher staff costs, higher R & D costs and faster product rotation. The company spent 740 million yuan on R & D in the first half of the year, an increase of 25.5%.
Year after year, a new generation of clouderp packages, iuap 5.0, nccloud 1909, etc. from iuaap cloud platforms v3.5.6, nccloud 1903, u8cludv2.6, etc. were released.
It is hoped that this will be further improved, thus increasing the core competitiveness of the product. Investment proposal: maintain the recommended rating. As the AY 3.0 strategy moves forward, the company is moving from being a corporate software leader to being an ecological leader of the saas+paas.
On the one hand, it is expected that the drive to increase performance will be strong; on the other hand, it is hoped that the ecological prosperity of the friendly cloud will be furthered by taking the lead in the two areas of “saas+paas.” The company’s “market index” reference to this rating system is expected to be 300 indexes deep.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.