The cloud industry is still strong, and the state is ready to replace it.
Hong Kong Tech, Media and Communication Corporation reports that the Friends Network is a Chinese-led provider of corporate services, providing cloud services, software, and financial services.
At an ideal performance, income rose by 16.6%, and cost controls improved. In addition, cloud services continued to grow strongly, and ordinary stockholders (millions of shares): The group published the first quarter of 2019. During the period, revenues of 125 million yuan, an increase of 16.6% over the same period; and business losses.
RMB 155 million, an increase of about RMB 40 million over the previous year. Moreover, the Māori rate fell by 1.6 to 62.5 per cent, but the group cost control improved, with sales and management spending declining by 3.5 and 4.7 per cent in terms of income, and clean profits by RMB 102 million, a gain over last year, mainly due to the sale of the technology component of the gang this year.
The net loss on the part of the shareholders of the company, after deducting non-recurrent losses, is 54.7 million yuan, which is a 95 per cent increase in revenues from cloud services of 125 million yuan, compared with the same increase. Currently, there are approximately 4.77 million users of cloud services, paying fees, while the clients of the company are approximately 380,000 yuan, representing an increase of 46.3 per cent.
In other sectors, software revenue increased by 20.6 per cent over the same period by 846 million yuan; in the payment of services by 74 million yuan, by 230.1 per cent over the same period; except for Internet investment income, which fell by 29.7 per cent to 197 million yuan over the same period.
The group launched nccloud 1903, using the latest hybrid cloud technology to provide a hybrid solution for large corporations, confident that new products will be produced.
In addition, the group has strengthened ncclud, which will accelerate its development and enhance its outreach. The group continues to build cloud life, launching 52 at the cloud market.
We're expected to increase our research and development in the cloud industry, and we're expected to reduce the rate of clean money in the short term, but we're expected to build it.
There's a news report, and there's a theory that it's possible that it's going to give up on the present.
In the context of the China-United States trade war, China became one of the American players and prohibited American companies from providing any services to China. In order to reduce reliance on foreign software, we believe that it is highly tempting to convert the current foreign erp system.
There is no news, but this visit reflects the intent of China. Business will invest more in development, which may reduce the rate of clean money in the short term, but it is hoped that long-term competition will prevail and clouds will not grow as expected.
The advent of cloud-enderp has caused a certain blow to the traditional erp software, especially for small and medium-sized clients, using a friend network (600588.sh)
philipresearchstocksectionssystems wedonotbaseourcompansionsdirectlylyontheabovequantitattiverinternbands. Weconsistentualitivefactorslike (butnotlictedto) a stock'sriskrewardprofile, marketsentitment, recentrateofsharepriceation, presenceorabsenceofstockpricedatalysts, and pesculative
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this publicity nootbere producedinwholeorin part, distributedor publicised by yoouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallonotbeliableforanydirecticist consequentiosalissalising fromanyuseofmatarealcontaininthispublication.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, but I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to have to do it, and I'm going to do it.
I don't know if I'm the only one who can do this, but I'm the only one who can do it.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I'd like to thank you for your help, Mr. President, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office at Geneva, and for your assistance in this regard, for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), and for your cooperation with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UN-Habitat), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know, sir'sdiscussion: philipsecuritiesdoesnoothavisvesvesmentbankingrelationshipshipwiththeelistedcorporationdirectionistinternationalinterstof 1% or more than the marketcapacitacitation.inadddition, noexecutivestaffuffofservicescicultierves asan officeofethelistedcorporation. availability
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"pshk" believedtobeacturate.pshkdoesnotbetspoonbilityforany lossocosisdbyregionalplacesuponthecontentshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesoreapployees)
It's the only thing that's going to happen to me.
philipsecuritiesptd philipcapitalmanagementsdnbhd rafflescitytower
b-3-6blockblevel3megavenueii, kualalumpur japan
Longkong philipcapialjapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd
I don't know what you're talking about, nagata-chobldg., exchangeparticipantofestockexchangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho,
11/Unitedcentre95queensway Hongkong China
Indonesia phillipfinancialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd ptphillipsecuritiesindonesia
Anztowervel23b, no 436hengfengroad, jljendsudirmankay33a
Greenchunit 604, jakarta 10220 - indonesia tailand
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's got the money, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the guy who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the guy.
15thloor, vorawatbuilding, 849silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance
♪ Bangkok 10500 ♪ unilandedkingdom uninvolved states ♪
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
120 cannonstreet. the chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as
Cicago, l606004usa australia philipcapitalaustralia
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia