National production and high-end markets continue to double the amount of cloud business.
xuex@dwzq.com.cn Event: The Friends Network published the 2019h1 financial report, which generated business income of $3.313 billion (+10.2 per cent yoy); the mother ' s net profit of $482 million (+29.1 per cent yoy).
Cloud operations continued to double and net profits increased significantly: the central cloud services business (excluding financial cloud services) achieved revenue of $472 million, a significant increase of 114.6 per cent in the same year; the software business now earns income of $2,248 million, a growth of 5.0 per cent in the same year.
Both the same and the ring ratios continue to decline, highlighting the quality of income. R & D costs are 740 million yuan, down 2.1 per cent, 5.4 per cent, respectively, and continue to optimize costs after entering points; cloud services (49.32 million customers in non-coated companies, of which 430 million are cumulatively paid clients)
At home, 13.2 per cent more than 2019q1 and 48 per cent more than 2018h1; at 4,000 partners, at 6200 in products and services, and at 6200 more eco-improvement. nccloud market spreads well and high-end market advantages are evident: nccloud (nccc)
It's a boxing product for growth-based firms to large enterprise groups, with a comprehensive application of the latest hybrid cloud technology architecture, supporting a flexible deployment model for public, exclusive and private clouds; it encompasses digital marketing and new retailing, digital manufacturing and smart manufacturing, digital purchasing and supply chains.
Co-ordination, financial sharing and enterprise performance management, talent management, corporate social wisdom synergies, etc., are among the top 10 companies with innovative digital products and best practices solutions covering 14 major industries.
About 100 households are expected to reach 300 in the year, with a new round of growth in autonomous national production compared to domestic competitors, with cloud operations expected to be more than anticipated: with the growing demand for business transformation and upgrading, more and more firms are hoping to take advantage of the new generation of information technology such as Yunwon.
1. Friends Network (600588). Software + digital transformation. Industry faces historic opportunities for digitalization and nationalization.
China's Soft Association and China, China's electricity and power stations, Shanghai's mega-chip, Dragon-chil, etc., will help accelerate the growth of the cloud industry, co-sponsored the Alliance for Digitally Autonomous and Controllable Services for Enterprises, and actively promoted it.
Business digitization, nationalization, and marketing initiatives such as the "Photo Project"2 and the "Friends Network" (600588): cloud flatness. The country’s high-end erp national production space is more than 10 billion, using the business information conversion framework.
The center-stage strategy, new opportunities at the middle and high levels, and the launch of the product that has now been replaced by two international giants by large companies, will help accelerate the growth of cloud operations.
Cases, with the establishment of the poles, the future is expected to accelerate. Management is entering a period of innovation, high-end products are released, expectations are raised, company valuations are expected to shift gradually to 2020, and segment valuation methods are used.
1. Cloud operations continue to double, and net profits have increased significantly.
Net profit was 482 million yuan, an increase of 290.1 per cent in the same year; net profit after deduction was 264 million yuan, an increase of 155.1 per cent in the same year; net profit at the cost of a parent ' s equity incentive was 320 million yuan, an increase of 40.5 per cent in the same year.
The revenues from cloud services continued to grow at a high rate. In 2019, H1 company services grew steadily (by 5.0 per cent from year to year); payment services continued to grow at a high rate of growth of $200 million from year to year; and Internet access financing services continued to operate robustly, with proactive controls on moderation.
The model guidelines show a 36.5 per cent decline in the corresponding income of $369 million. The share of corporate cloud services increased to $133.6 per cent for small and micro enterprises classified according to the size of the enterprise, excluding income from financial cloud services.
Baas achieved income of $113.24 million, an increase of 146.1 per cent over the same period; Paas earned income of $6.87 million, an increase of 39.5 per cent over the same period; Daas earned income of $4.14 million, an increase of 78.3 per cent over the same period; figure 5: The cumulative number of customers paid by a friend network continues to grow
Other key business indicators perform well. The number of corporate clients in corporate cloud services was 4,931,700, with 48 per cent growth at the end of the period: the company customer renewal rate and unit prices increased steadily, with private cloud and mixed cloud unit prices increasing significantly. Cash flows increased on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of increases in cash payments to and for employees during the reporting period.
Corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) received advance payments of $439.96 million, an increase of 76.7 per cent over the previous year, compared to 2.1. Firm cloud business transformation, market recognition of fists, and firm enforcement of the end-of-life 3.0 strategy.
Focus on cloud operations. Seizing business digitalization and national production market opportunities, focusing on digital main shipping lanes, main battlefields, around the core business of using friendly corporate cloud services, strengthening core product and technology R & D and customer operating systems, adopting flat-level, integrated operating models, uniting, expanding business services markets and actively promoting business development.
ncc is a company’s boxing product for large customers. ncc can be fully integrated with the public cloud service of a friend, with all the solutions, better addressing the needs of domestic firms in terms of digitization, a new generation of system upgrades, cloud transformation, localization, and autonomous control, with stronger advantages in areas such as financial sharing services, external procurement, etc.
From the point of view, ncc has a strong ecological advantage, with very deep cooperation with leading firms such as Friends and China, backed by strong, autonomous, safe and controlled technologies, and many business partners develop products, thus increasing the competitive advantage of a friendly ecology. ncc has a better market spread and customer resonance.
2.2 Medium- and high-end markets are important, and friends have established a competitive advantage, and high-end markets in the cloud industry represent the direction of technological development. First, the pursuit of medium- and high-end markets will undoubtedly set industry poles that will have a demonstration effect on business follow-up; and, at the same time, the demand for products by large customers is more representative of future industries and technologies.
Development directions that promote a more mature product and platform with a stronger endogenous and replicability capability, thus taking more market demand and reducing the cost of more products in future business expansion. Use friends’ networks to establish competitive advantages.
Using the ncc, which combines the field of friendship, as a solution for large companies, is a leader in the industry in terms of product abundance, solution coverage, customer satisfaction, and so on. For 20 years in China, friends have accumulated a great deal of business in large and medium-sized enterprises, regardless of their skill.
Technology, applications, services, and customers have established their own barriers to competition. The market for large- and medium-sized enterprises, the market for appliance, the digital market, is a necessity for the military, and their friends are using actions and data to prove their strong competitiveness and leadership.
Companies are preparing for autonomous national production. Domestic firms are facing new opportunities for innovation, digitalization and nationalization, and companies are focusing on ecological strategy building, focusing on strengthening business cooperation with strategic partners such as Huaiang, China Telecommunications, and the Chinese Bank of Commerce and Industry, developing special plans and actively landing and achieving phased results.
China’s digitally autonomous and controlled services union, which actively promotes the digitization and nationalization of enterprises, has been launched by well-known domestic producers, such as the Chinese Electric Cocomphus, the Shanghai mound, the Dragon kernel, and the 360 Enterprise Security Alliance. The main disadvantage of the company’s earlier entry into the mid-to-high-end market is that it has not yet been able to do so.
In the first half of the year, the company took down the Sichuan airport project and replaced the product of oracle with ncc. In addition, the company signed an overall replacement order for users using the sap product for many years.
Led by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission (CMSC), Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.