"Phillipcapital, using a friend network (600588.sh)
Hong Kong Tech, Media, and Communication Corporation reports that a friend network is a Chinese-led provider of corporate services that provides cloud services, software, and financial services.
At the same time, cloud services continued to grow at the target price of hkd30.64 (-7.2 per cent), which was strong, with 114.6 per cent of the same increase, and produced a number of products during the group period, such as: iuapv3.5.6 and iuapv.
General shareholders (millions): gain of 480 million yuan, a 290.1 per cent increase over the same period; after deducting extraordinary damages from stockholders of listed companies, Wang Wen King
The net profit is RMB 260 million, an increase of 155.1 per cent, and the net profit on management consulting and equity incentive costs is RMB 320 million, an increase of 40.5 per cent, for stock owners who belong to listed companies and deduct non-recurrent damages.
The group continued its first-season cost-control results, with sales and management fees divided between 17.6 and 16.3 per cent, a decline of 2.2 per cent and 2.7 per cent, except for the research fee and revenue ratio, which rose to 22.7 per cent, an increase of 2.7 per cent, mainly due to increased development of cloud products. In addition, the Māori rate was between 2.9 and 66 per cent, which is lower than the Māori rate.
The overall Māori rate has fallen as a result of a stronger growth in industry, which has accelerated the roll-out of cloud products, and revenues from corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) amount to RMB 470 million, an increase of 114.6 per cent.
By category of business, small and medium-sized enterprises have a current income of 45.27 million yuan, or 143.3 per cent more; and large and medium-sized enterprises have a current income of 430 million yuan, or 112 per cent more. By type of business, saas has a current income of 290 million yuan, or 133.6 per cent more than the same rate; and Baas has a current income of 110 million yuan, or the same rate.
146.1%; real revenue for Paas is $68.7 million, an increase of 39.5%; real revenue for Daas is $4.14 million, 15.1%, which also speeds up the development of iuap5.0 and nccloud 1909 in the Amigos. In addition, the company is focusing more on business cooperation with strategic partners such as Huayung, China Telecom, China Business Bank, etc.; and corporate market entry patterns.
Partners have grown steadily, reaching 4,000 partners, and entering products and services through 6200 dollars. In addition, the Consortium, in association with China Software and known domestic manufacturers such as Huam, China Electronics, Shanghai Mice, Dragon kernel, 360 Enterprise Security, co-sponsored the “Investment Digitalized Autonomous Services Alliance” and promoted the company's digital dimension.
The industry will invest more in research and development, which may reduce the rate of clean profits in the short term, but it is hoped to create a long-term competitive advantage.
We look forward to the long-term development of the group, but as stock prices have risen dramatically in recent days, we have moved down to "Middle-Cloat developments are not as good as expected, and China's economy is on track."
The presence of cloud erp has caused a certain blow to the traditional erp software, especially to small and medium-sized clients, using a friend network (600588.sh) newspaper phillipresearchstocksectionssystems.
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the only one who can do it, and you're the only one who can do it.
In this publicadellnoteproducedwholeorinpart, distraughtorpublished byyouforanypurpose.philipsecuriushallopromotableforanirector consequentyallosossarisalising fromanyuseofmaticcontainmentpublication. the informationcontainmentcontaininthispublicationhasbeenobotainedfrompublicsourserviceswichphilillipsecritieshasnoreassontobeliereunreliableandanyanyysis,
Forecasts, projects, externalsandopinionorwartty, expressorimplied, etc., etc., etc.
There's no other way to do this. There's no other way to do it. There's no way to do it. There's no way to do it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeletelieduponauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseofjudgment.
Involvementistrissksandmaynetberealinvestors, andthannydecisiontomentorintotranctionsinvolvendsuchproductsshoulldnotemadeunlesall suchrisksareunderstoodaninpendenddetermination hasbeenmadehatsuchtransactionswouldapprietate.anydiscussionofsiscontainherein interspecttootheriscontain
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know, singapore malaysia phillipsecurities teltd
I'm not sure if it's true, but it's not true.
kualalumpur japan longkong
philipcapitaljapank.k. phillipsecurities(hk)ltd nagata-chobldg.
An exchangeparticipantofthestockexhangeofhongkong 8f, 2-4-3nagata-cho, 11/fedcentre95queensway
Longkong China indonesia
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Jakarta 10220 - indonesia
phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd king & shaxsoncapitallimited 15thplace, vorawatbuilding,
849 silomroad, silom, bangrak, paraisfrance bangkok 10500thailand
I'm sorry, I didn't know you were here.
Phillipfuturesinc 6thbroor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet.
The chicagoboardoftradebuilding london, ec4n6as chicago, il6004usa
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia