The Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) has shown a bright performance, with cloud operations growing beyond expectations. On August 16, the company released its mid-2019 report, which generated $3.313 billion in revenue in the first half of the year.
During the reporting period, companies continued to improve their efficiency and their net profit performance increased considerably. Cloud operations accelerated their spread to reach $472 million, an increase of 114.6 per cent compared to the previous 100 per cent guideline.
6.87 million, an increase of 39.5 per cent; 4.14 million, an increase of 78.3 per cent, income from Daas operations; and 1. " Clouds in the future, proud of the ecological-friendliness network depth " , 2019.6.2.
In the context of rapid growth, corporate software operations grew steadily in the first half of the year, reaching a revenue of 2,248 million, or 5.0 per cent over the same period. We believe that 2019 was a year of strong corporate growth, with strong growth in cloud revenues in the first half of the year.
At a time like this, the company is still in the lead on core cloud products. ncc has a strong client base, with future incremental space available. The company has launched erp-nccloud, a central cloud for large firms, with a cumulative $145 million signed in the first half of the year.
In terms of client structure, the share of new and old clients is 42% and 58%, and direct sales/distributions are 65 and 35 respectively. In addition, corporate products have been replaced by large overseas plants, oracle has been replaced at Sichuan Airport, oracle has been replaced by Taiwan customers.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to be eco-friendly, publishing a new version of iuap, and the cloud market reached 4,000 partners with a total of products and services.
The company launched an opt-out program to identify high-quality partner applications that are compatible with its own product depth in order to increase the competitiveness of its products ecologically. Subtract macroeconomic pressures have increased, and corporate IT spending has decreased; Internet vendor entry industry competition has increased.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market within one month, within two months, and within six months of the third month.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment