A steady development of business and improved performance with cost control Events: Quarterly Report 2017 issued by SCM (6000030) and Business Development Review: Good Self-employed Businesses and Performance Increases.
Revenues amounted to $1,805 million, an increase of 21.18 per cent over the same year; net interest income amounted to $709 million, a double increase over the same year. The growth in corporate self-employment income was mainly due to a similar recovery in stock markets.
The net commission rate has remained high and the market share has stabilized. The net commission rate has been declining steadily over the past quarter in sharp contrast.
Client services are competitive and sticky. The ipo business has grown significantly, and the bond cover business has declined significantly. During the first quarter, companies completed four of the ipo projects, amounting to $3.240 billion, and two ipo projects were completed during the same period last year, amounting to a total of $3.240 billion.
The amount of corporate bonds is about $70 billion a quarter, compared to last year’s prospects for investment. Last year, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Goldstone, invested $1,672 million in real real profits in 2016, more than three times the increase.
With a production size of $310 billion and a net asset of $13.81 billion, it is hoped that in the context of the acceleration of ipo, investments in goldstone will rely on the company’s networks and resources to achieve high performance growth.
The market size and income size of a number of operations, such as business, are still in the lead, and the company’s progress in major commodity transactions, financial consultants, investment, etc., is a good sign of the company’s transformation into a modern investment industry, where it is expected to continue to develop rapidly this year. The company is currently pb
In this rating system, the “market index” refers to a depth 300 index. In the risk preference rating, products that do not refer to a specific variety of recommendations and ratings are rated according to the market studied in the product, i.e. studies on the credit and derivative markets, where the underlying risk rating is a high risk; studies on the market aspects of equity, equity-based funds, where the underlying risk rating is a general risk; studies on markets such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, etc.
This report is presented independently, objectively and to the extent that you know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is independent of the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.