High-level intellectuals have led to the acceleration of intellectual power on 29th 04th of 2025, in terms of scale, high-end, globalization, intelligence, multiple growth upwards.
\triangleright Technology + Cost-Efficiencies Strength; 3) High-end: High-end technology, high-intensity, ups and ups and downs; New car intensive drops; 4) Globalization, with high export sales and accelerated global manufacturing; This report is Biadi
In-depth report series IV, which focuses on the intelligent layout of the company and the power of intellectual power fall. The l2+ penetration rate raises consumer awareness of the iAE acceleration. The overall penetration rate of intellectual power has been mentioned in recent years.
Higher-level intellectual driving up to and above the level of 1/2 is increasing faster; consumer exposure to smart driving is increasing from the point of view of match between supply and demand; and, from the point of view of supply, DeepSeek is innovating the smart driving industry with a strong technological strength, and at the technical level, it significantly improves the efficiency of the algorithm through unique algorithms and significantly reduces the cost of training.
For example, on the high-access 8650 processor, the reasoning response time has been reduced from 20ms to 9-10ms, allowing for faster and more efficient decision-making by intellectuals. Based on the computational revolution of the top-level model, the high-level intellectual-driving department is expected to accelerate penetration into the $10-15 million main-power price, leading to a dual breakthrough in technology-inclusive plus business closures.
In February, the Dynasty Division released the Dynasty Ocean Department's Smart Driving Model, with 100,000 or more in the eyes of the gods.
Leads hnoa, vp for passenger parking, memory pilot mnoa; high-grade eyes over $200,000 b (dipilot 300, city/high-speednoa and triangular parking); most of them ride the sky up to $100,000, and God's eyes c, for the first time, take the high-level mind down to $70,000. We believe that the company has a numerical advantage, cumulatively.
Sales of more than 4.4 million vehicles on board at least 1/2 and above to “scaling” and “inclusive” series of Biadi (002594.sz) rating XXVII: For bottom logic, it is expected to promote intellectual driving as an important consideration in the purchase of cars, catfish effects or will drive others
After catching up, the company officially opened China’s era of intellectual equality in automobiles, leading to a synergistic development of the industrial chain. 2. Biadi (002594.sz) series XXVI: Industry e4.0 launch high-end, seaboard period. 1) e4.0 platform: battery energy density, power drive.
\triangleright's integration has been further enhanced, leading the way. 2) High-end: 2025, the company's high-end 3.Byadi (002594.sz) series XXV:
During the year of the product, the Royal flag vehicle, Hanl/Donl, was on the market in April, and Tren 9 was listed in 2025q1, locating six large suvs, all branded with easy triangulation techniques, comfort and luxury properties, which are expected to drive the entire fleet of 2.9.2.8/40 million vehicles, mainly in the form of a proliferation of Songplus mixed markets in Brazil, Turkey and Europe.
In 2025, companies will increase their overseas market inputs while accelerating their exports. Outwards are expected to take place in Europe, South-East Asia, 5. Biadei (002594.sz) series of twenty-three: Super.
Australasia is on its way, looking for 800,000 vehicles a year, and it is expected to boost its profits. Investment advice: we watch corporate technology-driven product and brand power up, accelerate our journey to the sea, and we expect to \triangleright \triangleright \
\triangleright, based on the \mcHurvey Research Framework, we believe that in the transformation of auto-smart electric power, autonomous car companies are expected to achieve an upturn in city ownership and branding in China and overseas markets, with the core observation indicators being car revenue and profits.
The expansion, car collection = number of single-car sales * average single-car prices * determined by the combination of research and development capabilities, product strength, brand power of the car company; profit of the car company = number of single-car sales * single-car profits * determined by the combination of branding, cost and control capabilities of the vehicle company.
The value of the whole vehicle is determined in the short term by the revenue of the car, the growth of the profit (further depending on the product cycle, the share, the profit upwards) and further by the strength of the product cycle; in the medium to long term by the level of intellectualization of the car company (soft fee to change the business model). In 2025, given that the intellectual driving is the largest and closest to commercialization at the end of the person,
The application of land, the intensive roll-out (data, arithmetic, arithmetic) of land-based and city-based vehicles, with a marked increase in the importance of intellectualization, will be valued by the company as a whole with the ability to carry out its own research.
Phase iii: level of intelligence 1) Short-term vehicle revenue is determined by three factors: number of car types (platformization, R & D strength), volume of model sales (car company competitiveness), average car prices (car brand power)
2) The level of intellectualization in the medium and long term determines the revenue from software. Biadi, as a new energy leader in the country, enjoys a value premium as an absolute leader in the field of mixing, through a forward-looking layout of electrodynamic technology and by building cost advantages, such as scale, technological advantages, etc.
In a year of power, the focus is on advantages of scale, high end, globalization, intelligence: 1) scale: dm-i5.0 technologies have started the two-year period of oil consumption, and scale effects have continued to grow. Companies have reduced the cost of whole cars through technological advantages and the advantages of the entire industry chain, taking advantage of the market at their own prices.
At the end of May, the company released dm-i5.0 technology and new vehicles Qinl and seal06 to strengthen its technological leadership in the field of mixing. In 2025, with the technology upgrading, sales rose, and dm-i5.0 were expected to further scale up and increase profitability.
2) Globalization: Self-built fleets + accelerated expansion of different regions, accelerated out of the sea. Up, benefiting from rapid growth in sales in Turkey, Brazil, Europe, etc., on the one hand, by rolling ship inputs, self-builders are driving up sales. In 2025, companies will increase their overseas market input, actively setting up Brazil, Ukraine, and others.
Zbek, Hungary, Turkey, Indonesia, and the deployment of factories are accelerating their exports, with the prospect of rapid growth in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australasia, as well as higher-end: high-end products, with higher sales and higher profits.
In 2025, the company’s high-end product was listed in April by the Royal Flagship, the Hanl/Donl, with a high-level intelligent driving system with dipilot 300, supporting high-speed noa and urban noa, etc., leading to high-end branding. Tengn9 was listed in March 2025, positioning six large units.
Type suv, with a three screens consisting of 17.3 inches of controls, 13.2 inches of fully liquid crystal meters and 13.2 inches of by-pass entertainment, shows that the power will be fitted with a 2.0t plug-in system that will be fully marked with easy triangulation technology, symmetrical and luxurious properties, which is expected to drive overall profit upwards. According to 2024 upfront risk data, 30-35/35-
40/40-50 + 10,000 dollars with approximately 2.2 million fuel-car-market spaces and a wide margin of profit. 4) Smartness: smart driving model release of 2025 IQD accelerated. On 4 June 2024, the four departments jointly announced the pilot " Access to and Access to Smart Networked Cars " .
Combining Basic Information, which is intended to support L3 auto-drive traffic and output, companies are selected as the country’s first pilot list of smart network cars to access and access. With a large sales base, the accumulation of smart technologies and the intensive use of new models, companies are expected to accelerate their intellectual competition in the second half of the race.
We believe that the company has a huge data advantage, using “scaling” and “inclusive” as the bottom sequence, which is expected to accelerate intellectual parity, promote intellectual driving as an important consideration in the purchase of cars, and the catfish effect, or will drive it.
In the short term, the country’s dm-i5.0+ high-end product cycle has accelerated the landing of DMV and Pure Power 4.0 platforms; in the long run, the company’s overseas construction has accelerated, and growth has symbioticized, both within and outside the country. This post is part of the Biadi series.
In-depth report IV, the focus will be on corporate intelligent driving landings and the space for intellectual empowerment upgrades. 2ai-side application of a core landing scenario will trigger rapid growth of 2.1 Deepseek for accelerated intellectual empowerment.
Deepseek can enhance multi-module understanding and reduce training + vehicle-end computing needs. Deepseek r1 innovative training methods directly apply enhanced learning (rl) to basic models, using data distillation techniques to generate high-quality data and improve training efficiency. Deepseekr1 is in mathematics, code, etc.
The performance of tasks such as natural language reasoning can be compared to the official version of the hoeopenaio1 model, which cost less than one tenth of the cost of the popenai, which saves a great deal on training numeracy. Deepseek’s low-cost, large model training strategy is expected to reduce training + car-end computing requirements and accelerate high-level intelligent driving: 1) multimodules
Solving: Using joint language-visual modelling capabilities to enhance semantic understanding of the scene (e.g. understanding of traffic signs, pedestrian images, etc.); 2) training arithmetic: reduced training arithmetic, resulting in significant savings in training arithmetic costs; 3) end arithmetic arithmetic: by distilling knowledge, compressing large model capabilities to small vehicle end models and reducing the need for end arithmetic.
One promotes a decline in the cost of arithmetic, and the era of intellectual equality begins: technology, deepseek-r1, by distilling knowledge, effectively shifting the advanced capabilities of large models to smaller models, using less than a tenth of the resources to achieve the capacity versus the perenaio1 model, is expected to lead to a significant reduction in the cost of an intellectual drive.
Accelerating increase in the penetration rate of intelligent driving. Figure 3: Autonomy upgrades in the reasoning of Deepseek-r1-Zero
The current market distribution of high-level smart driving functions (high-speed noa and urban noa) is clearly priced, with high-speed/urban noa features still dominated by vehicles of over $200,000.
1) Urban noa: By the end of 2024, almost all of the vehicles with urban noa functionality were concentrated in the highest 10,000 dollar band ratio; a small number of vehicles, such as pap7+, were used in technology to achieve urban noa function at a cost of up to $200,000;
2. High-speed noa: By the end of 2024, although the high-speed noa had infiltrated the mid-end market, the number of vehicles carrying the high-speed noa below $200,000 was still small, with only a small number of vehicles supporting the high-speed noa, such as the deep blue s07, l07, the bountiful pleasures plus plus, and the bountiful cloud (partially equipped).
But in terms of trends, the price of the high-level intellectual driving model is clearly downgraded, and we expect that the price of less than 200,000 to become the main growth zone for the high-level intellectual driving in 2025. In terms of penetration, there was an increase in the capacity of the urban noa in January-October 2024 compared to 2023, with a price of $200,000 to $300,000.
In the city noa price band, it's obvious that out of the number of cars in the city with the number of cars in the city with the number of cars in the city, the amount of US$ 300,000 is less than US$ 300 000.
In 2024, multiple products such as Dark Blues07, l07, etc., already have the capacity to have a high-speed price, and we believe that the downside price of the smart driving function is likely to drive up sales of the smart driving model and drive down costs, thereby further accelerating data overlap and the spread of the smart driving.
The company plans 60-70% of the high-level smart drive system in 2025, the high-speed noa will soon cover 100,000-150,000 price bands, and the headlines are expected to accelerate the drive. The price of the ads kit has been revised downwards continuously, and the rest of the team has indicated that it has done so.
The flag will get out of the way, and the time has come for all of us to be wise. Year after year, Pinocchio, Biadi, Le Doo, Dark Blue, Snuff, and Snack are all planning to roll out a flat-cost, smart-driving model that accelerates the cost of driving, and the penetration rate rises.
3. Release strategic intellectual empowerment acceleration 3.1 IPO structure is heavily restructured and team authority is clearly defined, IPO structure is heavily adjusted, low-level IM team authority is clearly defined, and the program is gradually being finalized.
The driving team has undergone a number of major adjustments since 2023, and a clear division of labour is now in place: 1) Self-Research Team: The Wolf Team (Li Feng) is responsible for the production of the low-level platform (dipilot100) high-speednoa, covering 10-20 million yuan in the main vehicle; the forward-looking department is responsible for exploring end-to-end model technology, and the goal is to look at brands in mid-2025
First high-level city noa; 2) Supplier cooperation: the team led by the Vice-President of the Institute of New Technologies, Han Ice, connects suppliers, such as Momenta, Huaieng and Horizon, to high-end driving programmes, such as power, equation leopards. Overall, the company currently works out a clear division of labour with the supplier programme, and the self-research programme focuses on a fast low-level platform.
Universalization to achieve “brain-driving parity” through scalding downs; and association of momenta and Hwa to top-end vehicles, the price of the 3.2 tier 3 smart-driving scheme was found near $100,000, with low ASI penetration until 2025, with only some of the more than 200,000 high-level vehicles equipped with intellectual driving skills.
Yes. According to data from 2024, the company ' s penetration rate for high-speed noa (navigation-assisted driving) and urban noa is only 1.0% and 0.5%, respectively, with smart driving mainly of high-end vehicles such as look-up, equation leopards, bets, Songl, and high-grade smart driving systems, mostly of flagship products (e.g., Han high-matching), while $10-20 million and below are mainstream markets.
On February 10, 2025, the company held a strategic launch, announcing that it would build a matrix of technology with the eyes of the gods, and that it would carry high-level intellectual driving skills.
It makes it possible for all people to be wise. The view +4-side +1-side viewing camera, 5 mm wave 12 ultrasound radar, allows high speed piloting of hnoa, passenger parking avp, memory pilot of mnoa, mainly on the Biadi brand (Dynamite Ocean).
2) The Eye of the Godb High-Step Smart Laser (dipilot300): with a single orinx chip, one laser radar, two/three + four eyes + four eyes + one video camera, 5 mm wave 12 ultrasound radar, support for city/high-speed noa and triangular parking, mainly in high-speed vehicles such as Biadehan, Sea Lions, etc.
Laser radar, two eyes + four eyes + four eyes + one video camera, 5 mm wave 12 ultrasound radar, with an uncharted city pilot (cnoa) function, integrating “quad” technology, mainly applied to high-end brands. Quick-wielding to $70,000 to accelerate technology diffusion, intellectual-driving parity.
For the first time, the driving model, with 100,000 or more in the eyes of the gods; 200,000 or more in the eyes of the high-ranking gods; b or so in the headlines, has decentralized the high-level intellectual driver to 70,000. We believe that the company has a huge data advantage, using the logic of “scaling” and “compassionality” as the bottom line, which is expected to accelerate the exercise of intellectual equality.
Introgent driving is an important consideration in buying cars, and the catfish effect or will drive other car companies to catch up, officially opening an era of intellectual parity in the country’s cars, leading to the development of industrial chains. 4e4.0 platforms launch high-end, seaboard periods.
4.1 Out-of-sea: Overseas plant-building + roll-on ship-loading boosts up-to-sea release volumes Excavation of self-build capacity and mixed demand and rapid increase in export sales from January to March 2025. Ten thousand companies have steadily increased out-of-sea, partly as a result of rising real demand abroad, benefiting Turkey, Brazil, Turkey, Brazil, Turkey and the United States of America.
Land sales in Europe, etc., have grown rapidly, mainly in the form of a saulu mix; on the one hand, beneficial roll-on ship inputs: January, November, January 2024, January 2025: 1, 2, 2 roll-on boats, self-builders, Figure 9: Companies ' overseas exposure and the same rate of increase (vehicles; %)
By 2024, it had entered more than 100 countries and territories around the world. In terms of export area selection strategies, companies have chosen areas where they avoid high geo-risks, are vulnerable to sanctions or local regulations (e.g. US, Russian, etc.) and have chosen moderate markets such as South-East Asia, Latin America, etc.
On the supply side: Self-built fleets + overseas production can boost supply. In the case of high shipping costs, companies build their own fleets to guarantee export supply; and in the context of high shipping costs, companies have commissioned manufacturers such as Hiroshima International, Merchant Industries, etc.
Construction of roll-on ships, self-built fleets are expected to significantly improve profit margins. Overseas production capacity/in progress, located in Uzbekistan, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary, and Turkish factories, among others, will bring together about 900,000 vehicles in the future.
Production and localization of supply chains will effectively circumvent trade restrictions in countries of export destination, such as tariffs. Platform 4.2e4.0: Pure Power New Platforms release the status of the incrowding poles Further upgrading of battery energy density, integration of power-driven systems, leading the way.
Since January 2024, the share of sales of mixed cars has been rising, mainly the 1:204.02 discounted roll-out of fancy cars. Since then, the new generation of mixed platforms (Qinl, Songl, etc.) have been heavily marketed, with dm5.0 on top of them.
This is why, in the current distribution structure of the public sector, the distribution of mixed vehicles is significantly higher than that of pure electric vehicles. e One of the most prominent features of the platform overlap is the integration of power-driven and power-controlled systems; and 1.0 platform III.
As a result, the 2.0 platform drives the triad, the high voltage, the 3.0 platform is an eight-pack power drive, and forms a complete whole vehicle platform, 3.0evo12 power, and the whole vehicle security structure. The platform is optimized, integrated and continues to be raised. The platform is integrated to further enhance the whole vehicle performance; the 1.0 platform represents the continuation of the vehicle type (Biadie6).
Distance 300km, fast-time 1.5h; platform 2.0, long-time range 405km, fast-time 1.3h; platform 3.0, short distance 520km, fast time 0.5h; platform 3.0 evo, short-time distance 550km, fast time 0.42h.
As the platform evolves, the mileage for vehicle renewal increases and the time for charging is reduced. 4.3 High end: product intensive multi-brand focus on 200 + 10,000 dollars market, current company brands cover different price bands; one major brand: Dynasty Ocean Network, with a focus on 200,000 dollars
The following price bands. 2 equations: position 200,000-300,000. 3 moves: position over 300,000. 4 looks up: position a million-grade limo. Trenching, looking up, equation panther, full coverage of over 300,000 plus luxuries, super luxury markets, different layouts.
Group of users of cash. Within the company, luxury brands are divided into high-profile, up-and-coming, equation leopards, high-strength, smart-ass, fancy cars, Mercedes, product lines covering commerce, household use, running cars, etc., with a price belt of 300,000-500,000 dollars; equation leopard brands are personalized, product lines cover hard-to-peer new sources of energy, running cars, etc., to cater for small groups of people.
The personalized car demand, with a price belt of 300,000-500,000 dollars, looks up to super-high-end smart electric brands, hits the market of more than a million dollars on top of Mercedes's amgs, Mybachs, and through great performance, innovative technology and luxurious experience.
In the year 2025, the company’s high-end products were listed in April, with the Royal flag vehicle, Hanl/Donl, on the rise N9 from 2025q1, positioning six large suvs, all branded with easy triangulation technology, comfort and luxury, with the potential to drive the overall profit up.
In March 2025, N9 went to the market to locate six large suvs, with two configuration models, with a price of $389.98 million and $44.98 million for the flagship. The interior was shown on three screens consisting of 17.3 inches of controls, 13.2 inches of fully liquid crystal meters and 13.2 inches of by-passer entertainment screens.
The 2.0t plug-in system, which is fully marked with easy triangulation technology, is also equipped with a smart driving system called "Eye of the Gods b-Senior Smart Race Laser" (dipilot 300) and an advanced "Cunt-a" smart air-screw system, which is sturdy and luxurious, promising to drive the overall profit up.
Figure 12: View within Power N9 Hanl, Tangl Dynasty Flagship Type. On April 9th, Biadi's new flag ship, Hanl and Tangl Jing, were listed, covering the four main lines of ev pure electricity and dm, selling at a cost of 20,98 million to 28,98 million.
And Donlev is the first type of super-e platform, with super-dry-dry structures, flash batteries, super-twigs, and super-twigs, supporting mega-watt flashes. It also uses a completely new design, called "Longface " , which combines the eyes of the gods, b. Clouds, c. The new car has two power versions: pure electricity and hybrids.
5,050 x 1,960 x 1505 mm, axle range 2,970 mm, a standard “523” car, open space, especially horizontal space, which has reached 1,531 mm and 1,484 mm, respectively; Tangl's new car size is 5,040/1,996/1,,760 mm, axle range of 2,950 mm.
5.1 Profit projection assumptions are split with business with a strong market share of the domestic base plate, accelerated roll-out of high-end vehicles, rapid growth in overseas sales and, at the same time, high
Mobile phone components and assembly operations: predominantly consists of the assembly of consumer electronics and new smart products (unmanned, smart homes, games hardware) with revenues of $159.6 billion in 2024 and a Māori ratio of about 8.3 per cent. With regard to subsequent consumption of electronics, companies will continue to deepen their strategic collaboration with large clients and increase their share of core products from large overseas customers.
In the new smart product business, the company will actively improve the layout of the ai server and its high-growth track, and the business plates of drones, smart homes, game hardware, etc., continue to develop robustly. For new and autonomous sources of energy, I have chosen the same vehicle, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same car, the same business.
We think that the company, as an autonomous new energy leader, is ahead of the new energy share, with the advantage of dm-i 5.0 plus the cost of putting the country in a position of 200,000 yuan, with a greater scale effect and profit.
Qualitative; and companies that are facing high-end, export opportunities, high-tech, high-intensity, upsight, equation leopards; high export sales, and accelerated global manufacturing, should enjoy a valuation premium.
In 2019-2024, the domestic rate of motor penetration rose from 3.3 per cent to 55.8 per cent, and consumer acceptance of intelligent driving from the point of view of match between supply and demand, and from the point of view of supply, Deepseek is in the process of innovating the intelligent driving industry with strong technological strength.
At the technical level, it significantly improves arithmetical efficiency through unique algorithms and significantly reduces training costs, for example, on high-access 8650 processors, whose reasoning response time has been reduced from 20ms to 9-10ms, allowing for faster response and more efficient decision-making. Based on the computational revolution of the TotodeepSeekr 1 model, the high-level intellectual driving system is expected to accelerate.
The company’s smart strategy was launched: the high-level intellectual drive has sunk to 70,000 yuan. In February, the company released the Dynasty Ocean-wide smart driving model, with over $100,000 in the eye of the gods.
Hnoa, avp for passengers, memory pilot mnoa; high-grade eyes over $200,000 b (dipilot 300, city/high-speednoa and triangular parking); most of them on the eyes of the gods c, the first time a high-level mind came down to $70,000. In our view, the company has a data advantage and accumulated sales over $70,000.
More than 4.4 million vehicles carrying more than 1.2 vehicles, using the logic of “scaling” and “inclusiveness” as the bottom line, are expected to promote the intellectual driving function as an important consideration in the purchase of cars, the catfish effect or will drive other cars to catch up, and the formal opening of China’s age of smart driving parity, leading to a synergistic development of the industrial chain.
e4.0 Platforms release high-end, seaboard release. 1) e4.0 Platforms: Battery Energy Density, Power Motivation System (ECS) have been further upgraded to take a lead in integration. 2) High-end: 2025, the company ' s high-end chemical product year, April, Hml/Donl, the Royal Flagship, was on the market. Tremendous n9 has been on the market at 2025q1.
Six large suvs, all branded with easy triangulation, comfort and luxury properties, are expected to drive the overall profit upwards. 3) Out of the sea: 6.6.6.6.7-73,000 vehicles were exported in January-March 2025 and 2.9.2.8/40 million in overseas exposures, mainly due to the increase in Songprus mixing in the Brazilian, Turkish and European markets.
In 2025, companies will increase their overseas market inputs while accelerating their exports, with the prospect of rapid growth in Europe, South-East Asia, and Australasia, with a year-round forecast of 800,000 vehicles and a profit boost. 1) Downward risks in the car market: the automobile industry is cyclical, and continued downswing may lead to a loss in the car market.
Weaknesses, coupled with increased competition in the automotive sector, are expected to bring risks; 2) New car types are sold and demand is not as high as expected: consumer demand changes over time and in the market environment. If companies fail to accurately predict changes in consumer demand or to adjust product strategies in a timely manner
(c) The risk of excessive volatility of raw materials: the automobile industry, particularly in the area of electric vehicles, is exposed to macroeconomic fluctuations, price fluctuations of raw materials, etc., leading to difficulties in making new energy vehicles profitable and risks;
4) The pace of travel to the sea is not as high as expected: exports are at risk of tariff and maritime fluctuations, which may increase the cost of corporate cars in overseas markets, thereby affecting their competitiveness. Moreover, as the global trade situation changes, some countries may introduce anti-dumping and countervailing policies against Chinese cars, resulting in less than anticipated rates of travel.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.