A quarter of performance sets the tone for 2025 growth, reiterating Biadi's “buy-in” rating: 1) We maintain Byadi's sales forecast of 5.5 million vehicles this year. This is largely due to the firm's strong push and penetration of smart driving. 2) In the near future,
In the Shanghai Car Fair, Biadi, through several brands such as Biadi, look up, dot, and Equator Leopard, together, promotes the growth of the main power in marketing the model, while showing the concept car, the flag ship model, and the technical capabilities. 3) Biadi's overseas sales are expected to double this year.
This year, Biadey's profits are expected to remain stable. The current market surpluses of the company's port and a share are 18.5 x and 18.2 x, and the valuation is attractive. Biadey's net profit supermarket forecast for the first quarter of the quarter of the year.
RMB 170.4 billion, an increase of 36% in the same year, and a decline of 38% in the ring. Its car sales are 60% longer than in the same year, while the flat growth in electronics and the decline in unit prices affect the overall rate of revenue growth.
9.16 billion yuan, a 100 per cent increase in the same year, a 39 per cent decline in the ring ratio, is significantly higher than market expectations, and is mainly affected by approximately $1.9 billion in fiscal revenue, including exchange rate gains. According to our calculations, Biadi’s first quarter single-car profit increased by 32 per cent, and the ring decreased by 6 per cent, which is largely stable.
A quarter of performance, we adjust Biadi’s net profit projections for 2025 and 2026. Valuation: the branch plus master method is used to value Biadi’s new energy cars in 2025, hand-held investment risk: the demand for new energy cars in the country and overseas is not growing as expected.
The average turnover (million yuan) for nearly 90 days has continued to increase, and the pressure to lower prices has been rising. The sales at the top and export levels of the company have fallen short of expectations. The decline has slowed down the Māori performance of the company.
Pilgrim International, Spob International, Spob International, Spob International.
Promising and pessimistic scenarios: Port stock Pessimistic scenario: Corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: Corporate income growth is better than expected
The demand for new domestic and overseas energy-borne vehicles has grown faster, and the domestic and overseas demand for new energy vehicles has not grown as fast as expected: the penetration rate has increased further, driving the higher income growth in Biadi;
Industry competition continues to increase and downward pressure rises, while costs are better than expected than Yadi's high brands and sea trips, and significant hedges slow down and drag companies' car profitability performance;
(a) The impact of lower prices on profitability in the domestic market;
(b) The growth of inputs, such as corporate R & D, is slower than profit growth.
Promising and pessimistic scenario: a share Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth below expectations Optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected
(a) Demand for new domestic and overseas energy-borne vehicles is growing faster and permeating, and demand for new domestic and overseas energy vehicles is not growing as expected;
Industry competition continues to increase and downward pressure rises, while costs are better than expected than Yadi's high brands and sea trips, and significant hedges slow down and drag companies' car profitability performance;
(a) The impact of lower prices on profitability in the domestic market;
(b) The growth of inputs, such as corporate R & D, is slower than profit growth.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.