Net profits grew by 81% in 2023, exports and high-end opening up new spaces, net returns to mothers grew by 81% in 2023, and the company was strong. Biadi collected $60,232 billion in 23 years.
Dollars, equal to +42 per cent, yielding 3.024 million vehicles, equal to +67.8 per cent, driving automobile-related business with a strong branding power, sustained expansion of size advantages, and strong industrial chain control capabilities, with robust profitability. Subsidy: Growth in R & D costs is a result of companies’ continued focus on R & D inputs (Change, the eyes of the gods, the equables).
) and to make a reserve of research and development for high-level intellectuals (the structure was released in January). 10,000 yuan, ring ratio - 0.2 million yuan (the effect of the price reduction), single car to mother 0.85 million yuan, ring ratio - 0.29 million yuan, single car deductions of 0.9 million yuan, ring ratio - 0.15 million yuan; if q4 dealer returns, profit
Levels are expected to be stable; in the context of price reductions, it has been largely achieved through solid cost-control capabilities + scale effect releases + carbonate Lithium decline + export share increase (04 export ring + 37%) and so on. Looking forward to the market: the Glory version of the Basics of Stability, high end + export strategy continues to advance. 1) The Dynasty Sea
Ocean fundamentals: Since the beginning of the year, the company has published a glorious version of the car, the value of which is high, and the sales of the basic plate is expected to rise steadily; on the high end, look up (stabilizing 1,000 + per month) and move forward (d9 stable, Biadi (002594.sz) - net profit from maternity in the previous three quarters increased by 129 per cent on the same basis.
New paragraph 7 is about to be marketed, equation leopard sales are steadily moving up, new models are being rolled over, Biadi (002594.sz) - performance is growing robustly, brand high-end layouts are being promoted and sales are expected to break; companies are increasing their investment in car intelligence; exports: 23 years.
Biadei (002594.sz) - Release of cross-country branded equation leopards, individualized product matrix 252,000 vehicles, +458 per cent, cumulative 59,000 vehicles in January-February 24 years, +134 per cent; profitability dimension: export exposure + high end model share + solid safeguards
Modular effects, low prices of combined lithium carbonate, and firm profitability are expected to grow in reverse.
High-end and branding processes are under way. But, given the increased competition in the end-of-service sector, the profit is lower by +42%, with 483.5 billion dollars in automobile-related business revenue, 49% more than in the same year, billion dollars in cellular components and assembly, 19% more than in the same year, and 17% more around the ring.
The plate has steadily advanced branding and strategic layout for seaboarding, with a 31.9 per cent increase in the number of new energy cars in 2023, an increase of 4.8 ptt compared to the previous year; mobile phone parts and assembly operations have been active in raising market shares, continuously accelerating new lanes with growth potential, further optimizing business structures and improving cost-control capabilities.
Figure 2: Biadi's single-season operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) The Māori rate increased by 3.17 pct in the same year 23, and profitability continued to improve. In 2023, the company achieved Māori sales while launching a high-end brand replenishment product matrix, with Māori rates consistently better than net interest rates.
Continued enhancement of R & D and autonomous control of core technologies, with an increase in R & D costs compared to the same rate. In 2023, sales/management/firms accelerated the deployment of new technology R & D and continued construction of an integrated competitive advantage, with R & D costs rising by 112 per cent over the same period, benefiting from the company ' s continued decline in efficiency gains and significant increases in revenues from the sale of major products, with R & D rates increasing at a lower rate.
Throughout 2023, Biadi sold 3.02 million full-cars, a 68 per cent increase in the same year. Throughout 2023, Biadi steadily promoted branding and seaboard strategic layout, with sales of 3.02 million vehicles, a 68 per cent increase in the same year.
The share of new energy cars rose further to 31.9%, and the corresponding increase was 4.8pt. Of these, 3.01 million vehicles were sold in Biadi in 23 years, an increase of 68% in the same year. Companies in the area of motor vehicles have introduced multi-brand strategies, constantly refining the product matrix, forming a brand of Biadi, a brand of “uplifting” and a brand of “upgrading”
The multi-brand gradients created by the brands of look and equation leopards, which featured brands during the year, sold 3.01 million vehicles in 23 years of new energy usage in Biadi, an increase of 68 per cent in the same year, and 33.47 per cent in the same year, an increase of 5.05 ptt.
Of these, 1.57 million vehicles were sold in Biadi in 23 years, an increase of 73 per cent in the same year. The company ' s blade battery technology enabled the renewal of the phosphate lithium system ' s pure electric car over a distance of more than 700 km, addressing consumer safety, continuity, fast pain points, 2023, and 1.57 million vehicles sold in Biadi ' s electric motor vehicle, an increase of 73 per cent in the same year.
In a single quarter, 23q4 companies sold 530,000 electric motor vehicles, a 60 per cent increase in the same year, and 22 per cent in the ring, of which 1.44 million vehicles, or 52 per cent, were sold in 23 years by Biadei. The company ' s dm-i super-mixing revolves around power power-driven and power-powered batteries, powered by power-driven power, power-supplied power-constructed power-combusting structures, and subversives.
The traditional blending technology is based on oil-based design structures that raise the mileage of new energy vehicles to more than 1,000 km, with a strong product. In 2023, Biadei sold 1.44 million vehicles, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period, mixed cars with a market share of 52 per cent and a decline of 10.72 pct over the same quarter.
420,000 vehicles, an increase of 18 per cent in the same year and 7 per cent in the ring.
Of these, in 23 years there were 115,000 new energy commercial vehicles sold in Biadi, an increase of 97%. In 2023, there were 115 thousand new energy commercial vehicles sold in Biadi, an increase of 97% in the same year, and 2.58% in the market share of new energy commercial vehicles, an increase of 0.77 pct in the ring.
On February 19, 2024, Bea Diquinplus and destroyer 05 were officially on the market, with $798,000 to start selling, and the price of the product was reduced.
Twenty thousand dollars to upgrade and at the same time achieve lower electricity than oil, higher-value products are far more powerful than fuel trucks of the same magnitude, followed by a multi-car-type relay of Don, Han, etc., and the company’s mainstream product continues to be more competitive and secures a steady increase in sales.
Songpus, the first full delivery month at the end of the year for the u8 edition, became the first monthly sales of the million-grade new energy suv, and was awarded a full class mpv sales champion in 2023. The equation Leopard 5 has had high heat and brands.
In April 2023, the Shanghai Car Fair, under the flag of Biadi, opened a pre-sale, two editions, luxury and off-road players, with a pre-sale price of $10.98 million, positioning high-end new energy sources for hard-to-land vehicles; in February 2024, pure electrical excesses were officially listed in February with a market price of $1.68 million.
Both are equipped with transvestite technology and cloud-p smart hydraulic body control systems, capable of achieving maximum security, performance and experience, such as maximum security, emergency water, in situ and agility. u8 has a maximum power output of more than 1,100 horsepower, 100 yuan.
The fastest acceleration is only 3.6s, and the power and precision of control, giving u8 super-vigilant field power to easily complete the challenge of desert draughting slopes in the Aachen V Hollow. Clouds-p is the world’s first new energy vehicle, a dedicated smart hydraulic body control system. It can be achieved.
A high degree of self-regulating, looking at the U8 hangars for a total of 150 mm, with no water-drying dysentery at its maximum depth of 1,000 mm, effectively improving vehicle passivity. Clouds-p has a level 3 correction, which discourages neon from supporting continuous self-adaptation, and responds to different road conditions through fast-intelligent adjustments.
Qualitative, making it more controlled; and significantly increasing the comfort of driving through bumps or slow-down belts. Trend branding focuses on the brand of the new energy luxury car market, first luxury mpv-style d9-positioning, large-scale luxury mpv-type cars with high-intensity mpv-type cars, such as the peggl8, equipped with high-profile link, cloud-smart body control systems.
In 2023, nearly 120,000 vehicles were sold as annual mpv sales champions for the full class. In July 2023, the luxury hunting run suv stunn7 was launched, with high-level intelligent driving aids and cloudy-a smart air body control systems, and the integration of the entire vehicle into smart power is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in performance.
Bialdi's Global Headquarters, Shenzhen, August 16, 2023, hosted the "All Leopards to the Mountain Sea" equation seal and technology launch. Biardy officially launched the new personalized energy branding equation and exclusive core technology.
The dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, which will cover different car types, such as suv, running cars, cars, etc. The large suv equation 5 in the brand first-line series was built on the dmo super-mixed cross-country platform, with an acceleration of 4.8 seconds, with a combined extension of 1,200 km, with a new energy-exclusive clouded smart body control system.
Using a completely new mix of non-carriage structures. Equation Leopard 5 is divided into cloudy and standard editions that meet the dual needs of outdoor and urban travel, and the new vehicle is positioned as a hard-to-new-energy Land Cruiser, with a price close to the public market at the same time that it has hard-to-reach nuclear technology. The launch coincides with the release of Leopar8 and Leopar8 and Leopard 3, with the panther 5.
In 2023, the company’s new energy vehicles entered more than 50 countries, including Japan, Germany, Australia, Brazil, the United Arab Emirates and others.
In the region, overseas sales amounted to 110,000 vehicles, an increase of 404% over the same period. Of these, three pure electric cars were successfully launched in Mexico in March 23: the dollar plus model was officially launched in the United Arab Emirates in June, with localization and high temperature tests, to ensure that users have the best driving experience and to open up the Middle East bus market.
In September, six new energy cars were shown in Munich, Germany, and seals were officially listed in Europe. In October, the 47th Tokyo Car Fair with five new energy vehicles and core technology, and for the first time abroad, they were shown to look up.
In January of 24, the company’s first motor transport roller first voyage marked a new phase in the company’s overseas market expansion. There will also be more roller ships coming into operation in the future, providing adequate transport security for the company’s cars to sea, and promoting the sustainable development of the entire automotive export industry.
In 2023, Biadey continued to maintain a good level of profitability, thanks to its branding power, its growing size and its strong capacity to control the cost of the industrial chain. With regard to cellular components and assembly operations, he benefited from large overseas customers.
But given the increasing competition in the industry terminals since 2024, several mainframe plants have introduced price reduction promotion strategies to secure the basic sales drive, and Biadi has also been proud at the beginning of the year.
The sales of the glitter model (the ocean, the dynasty network, etc.) for a solid base plate, the average price of which has fallen somewhat over the previous period, have led us to conclude that this year, in the context of the intense competition of the industry terminals, the average car price of the mainframe is likely to be affected.
In 24/25/26, Biadi earned 562.5/6667.791 billion in automobile business, and the overall Māori rate has been stable in recent years. Since 2023, Biadi has invested more in autopilot research and development, we have maintained higher R & D rates at Biadi, and other rates have remained stable overall.
By the main line logic, Byadi's deep three-power technology, the power of new energy vehicle technology, and a strong market share, it speeds up the high-end and branding processes and further increases the company's development ceiling; by the feed line logic, Byadi's blade battery has high energy density and good security performance, and is expected to expand for customers.
But given that, since 2024, industry terminal competition has intensified, with several mainframe plants launching price reduction promotion strategies for solid sales, and Biadey launching the glory version of the car (sea, dynasty network, etc.) early in the year for solid basic sales, the average price has declined somewhat before, we judge that today.
In the context of intense competition at the end of the year, the average car price of the mainframe plant (Māori) may be affected by the fact that the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.