Bialdibyd (002594ch) Ideal Integration "Type" is bright, leading the second half of the new energy vehicle "xuanji" arcitectureunveiledinsmartelecracyintrification, bydtakestheleadinthe2ndhalfofffevwithalate-moveradvantageinelligence
Yao Shikashi barneyyao, Shen Xiaoscarwang, cfa hot speed review flashanalysis
On January 16, Biadi successfully celebrated the 2024 Dream Day, showing Biadi's stock and future strategic planning in the field of intelligence. The theme of the event was the latest strategy of corporate intelligence – car-in-car intelligence – and the launch of many technological achievements, which provided a new direction for industrial intelligence development.
Biadi also announced plans to build the world’s first all-terrain professional pilot in several cities in the country, with the aim of promoting China’s car culture in the new energy age. The whole smart-width integration architecture is bright, leading the whole brain into the second half.
Networking +5g network + satellite network, four-chain (sensor chain + control chain + data chain + mechanical chain) with the following significant bright spots: 1) whole-car intelligence: brain-capable “brain” as a core, neural network connection, a structure capable of real-time sensing of changes in the environment inside and outside the vehicle, and information consolidation and decision-making at a millisecond response speed, with significant improvements in driving safety and comfort. 2) data and arithmetic: a structure with the first two-cycle multimoderated ai model in the industry, has the first two-cycle multi-model ai model.
Industry-led data base, arithmetic cluster and multimodular ai matrix, covering more than 300 vehicle use scenes and providing strong support for whole-of-a-car learning and fast-tracking. 3) Advanced intelligent control technologies: smart power controls (including smart battery management system bms, smart torque technology itac), smart charge solutions and smart heat management technologies provide comprehensive technical support for intelligent electric vehicles. 4) Compatible multi-dimensional deployments
Modality: The multiplicity of deployments, pre-compatible, back-drive and four-drive displays a high degree of outreach and adaptability. 5) Integrated security upgrades: the architecture fully unleashes the potential for intelligent and electrodynamicization through high-level intellectual evolution, thereby achieving a full improvement in driving experience and safety.
A major breakthrough in the company’s intellectual and electrodynamic integration was marked by a complete upgrade of the dipilot +dilink module, which was launched by Biadi. Another major feature of the event was the Biadi intelligent driver and smart cockpit, which finally stepped up to the first stage of internal intelligence. In the case of smart driving, Biadi divided its intellectual platform into a class-122 intellectual driving system and the "Girl of God" system.
Eye's "l2+" hierarchy. Levels 1-2 are divided into dipilot10/dipilot30, while tier 1+ is divided into dipilot100/dipilot300/dipilot600, and it is announced that the name of the future smart drive platform will be divided according to chip power. Biadi also expects to roll out the “carrying together” chip with 2,000 tops, and the higher stages of dipilot 1000 and 2000. The company says that over 300,000 new models will be fully marked with a high-level intellectual driving system, while over 200,000 new models will be installed.
Biadi plans to launch 10 or more vehicles this year, with high-end cross-country suv lines that are also expected to carry four wheels of a four-wheelable single power plant that can park in a similar “shifting” mode. We believe that Biadi's goal of 2024 is to drive smartly.
Speed up the spread, achieve high-end vehicle penetration, and gradually lower the technology and sink onto the public vehicle. For the first time in a smart cabin, Biadi introduced a "run-defined smart cabin" with a new upgrade of the smart cabin, named after the run-off, in three versions: d100, d150 and d300; it also brings hand-held keys, smart voice combination instructions, round-the-clock travel assistants, car-vin point-to-point, hyper-sense games, outdoor k songs, etc.
Colour functions, which compensate for the relative lack of cabin functionality before. More than Yadi works with the Great Frontiers, publishing the u8 player version and launching a global first-car-free machine, supporting one key take-off, smart switch, big pieces, one key landing, smart back-off, take-off follow-on; the u8 player's version will carry the world's only vehicle drone hangar, supporting automatic power switching, precision clipping, smart temperature control, waterproofing.
The rapid growth in Byadi’s high-end brand sales will continue to lead the second half of a new energy vehicle with a whole-of-a-car smart strategy. Industry competition has intensified, intellectual driving has fallen short of expectations, output has expanded short of expectations, and macroeconomics have fallen short of expectations.