High-end + seaboard + intelligence, new-energy car taps, fuel trucks that have been stopped for the year, have formed the dynasty, the ocean, the rise, the look-out and the equation panther, five brands, and multi-brands have begun to work. The company has taken the lead in the field of mixing, and it's formed.
On 21st of March, 2024, Dm-i, dm-p and dmo were three hybrid platforms that continued to increase the sales of vehicles with different positioning aids. In 2023, the company sold 1,438.1 thousand vehicles, yoy+51.98%.
The share of the domestic market is 51.29%. At the same time, multi-brand layout and hybrid upgrading and innovation will lead to rapid growth in future performance.
Lee Xiaoyang, high-end + smart-enhanced brand upgrades. The company has launched blade batteries, dm-i super-mixes, e-platform 3.0, ctb battery body integration, dm-p-mixing, transvestites and transvestites.
Dmo super-mixing and other subversive technologies/platforms, boosted vehicle models.
Power, leading to excellent intellectual experience. High-end and smartness 1+1 > 2, competing power, high value for money, and high-valued sales in 2023, amounting to 1,192,000. As companies move forward in the field of high-end, intelligence, they will further improve the competitiveness of automobile products, their sales, and their industries.
The expansion of overseas markets was accelerated by a model of domestic sea travel. In 2023, companies exported 24.28 million vehicles, an increase of 334.16 per cent in comparison with the previous year, of which 361,000 were exported in December. The company ' s new energy market has now reached six continents, in Thailand, Brazil, Uzbekistan, and Thailand.
The company, as a leader in the new energy automobile industry, has a rich matrix of products. As future companies move forward with the process of high-end and intelligentization, and speed up the pace of the journey to the sea, the company will be able to make a difference.
We expect the net return profit to be achieved in 2023-2025 to be a significant increase in bicycle profits, accelerating globalization - 30.03.2023.
"Standing the Dragons, Outing the Sea" — Global New Energy Car Leader, 28/04/2023
1.1 The country’s new energy vehicle leads, the product matrix covers a wide range of products. Battery operations begin as global leaders in the new energy vehicle industry.
Listed on the market, in 2003 it entered the car industry through the acquisition of an Xian Qincheon car, and it began to deploy a new energy car, which was followed by an odm operation and a track traffic operation. The company’s main business is currently divided into four main sections: a new energy car business, mobile phone parts and assembly business, and a second one.
In the area of new energy vehicles, the company built a dynasty and ocean series in 2018 and 2021 respectively, rejuvenated brands in 2022, and published a press release for d9,2023.
In 2023, the company sold a total of 30,244,000 new energy vehicles. The same year +61.86% won the global champion of new energy cars.
Luxury, from popular to personalized demand, has evolved into a multi-brand gradient layout of the Biadi brand, the Trending brand, the Looking Up brand, and the Equator Leopard brand. The Biadey brand is divided into the dynasty series named after the dynasty and the Sea.
Commercial cars and orbital traffic continue to deepen market layouts. In the area of pure electric buses, the public administration opened passenger and bus transport in 2022 in the interior of the country in the areas of compost, Jinan, Chizhou, etc.
At the same time, Indonesia, Mauritius, etc., are officially entering the country. In the area of urban orbiting, there is a steady push for medium-volume, cloud-track and low-cell technology with fully autonomous intellectual property rights to take the lead domestically and open up the industry with light-voltage opportunities.
Nickel hydrogen batteries, lithium cobalt-acid batteries, lithium phosphate batteries, trio batteries, mainly in electronics, electric cars, storage, etc. Blade batteries issued in 2020 should be used in a variety of vehicle types. Photovoltage operations have silicon, battery, photovoltaic components, photovoltaic systems.
All-industry chain layouts, such as integrated applications, provide access to energy from absorbing, storing, to applications, and meet industry growth opportunities with high-quality products.
Computers, new smart products, auto-smart systems, and health care are four main areas.
1.2 Sales and profits are up, cars are well-established, technological innovations are driving up sales. After the company announced the shutdown of fuel cars in 2022, the volume of new energy cars rose, reaching more than twice as high a year.
We believe that, with the company’s multi-brand co-development and the opening of global markets, corporate car sales will continue to rise. Corporate business as a whole is growing steadily.
Based on the firm’s precise strategic layout and deep technological deposits, in 2023, the company sold 3.02 million new vehicles and won the world’s new energy car championship. In 2022, the company collected $424.061 million, yoy+96.20 per cent of net profit for the mother.
Automobiles account for the bulk of revenue collection. In 2022, the company incorporated the secondary battery charger business into the automobile business, while benefiting from an increase in the company ' s sales of new energy vehicles, which reached 76.57 per cent in 2022.
After a breakthrough, the share expanded further, with the 2023h1 car business rate rising to 2023h1 Māori.
High priority is given to R & D inputs, and the R & D cost rate continues to increase.
He is the second largest shareholder of the company, holding 8.22% of the shares directly and 4.77% indirectly through easy investment.
During the period 2019-2021, the company converted the Ministry of Spare Parts and Components under the flag into a subsidiary, with the creation of the Ferdi superman and the Ferdico.
Fordy Systems, such as Technology, Ferdy Power, Fody Batteries, where spare parts companies will operate autonomously, not just for Biade, but also for other car companies.2 New energy poles are well established and hybrid sales continue to increase.
2.1 Fuel trucks are being stopped, new energy products are being laid out, new energy sources in the country are emerging, and new energy sources are being replaced completely.
In 2022, the company announced that it would stop the production of fuel trucks as a whole, focusing on the development of new sources of automobile business, becoming the world’s first vehicle to stop producing fuel. The product has been upgraded, and the layout has become more complete.
By March 2024, Biadi brands were selling 26 new energy models, 2024 dolphins, Qinplusdm-i,
According to Marklines, in 2023, the company sold 3.0129 million new vehicles in the domestic market.
The rate is 33.61%, the country's number one. 2.2 The three platforms complement each other, and the mix leads, and the mix leads, and eventually the three mixes, and the product lines complement each other.
In 2008, the company released f3dm on the first-generation dm hybrid system. After more than a decade of technological development, until August 2023, the dm-i super-mixing, dm-p-mixing and dmo super-mixing platforms had three mixes.
Product positioning, consolidation of the company’s absolute leadership in the field of new energy hybrids, and dm-i super-mixing of the economy’s oil. As a power-based hybrid technology, the power-driven and high-capacity power cell supply is dominated and the engine is supported.
The power mix, which undercuts the oil-based design of traditional hybrid technologies. The dm-p Kings mixes road performance. The four-wheel drive, which redefines the four-wheel drive, brings out the speed, safety, economy, and three major driving experiences.
dmo super-mixing off-road features. The company's leading role in high performance chassis, smart power drive 4 and off-road dedicated power generation is fully realized through the integration of a completely new mix of non-carriage structures and ad hoc off-road structures.
The best balance between the super-powered power, the toughness of the drive over the safety of the whole car, and the extreme energy consumption is achieved. The blended product matrix is perfect, and the value of the value for money is significant. According to the driver, the company's eyes.
Formerly 60,000-450,000 bid rangers for hybrid vehicles. dm-i supermix has been placed in applications in multiple vehicles such as Qinplusdm-i, Songplusdm-i, Songprodm-i, Don dm-i, Handm-i, Trend d9dm-i, destroyer 05, frigate 07, etc.
; dm-p king mixed, already on the Tang dm-p, Handm-p; dmo currently on Leopard 5 to meet the individualized needs of different groups of people.
Over 70% of the market share is held in the mixed market. With other autonomous brands in the mixed market, there has been a certain decline in the mixed market share of the company, but in 2023 the volume of the mixed car stock was still at 1,438.1 thousand vehicles, yoy + 51.98% in the country.
Songpus is the winner, Qinpus follows closely. In 2023, the company's hybrid model led by 333.2 million vehicles, with 36.6 million in December; Qinpus was the second largest vehicle in December, with 294,000 in December;
Song series Songpro sales were also impressive, amounting to 20.35 million vehicles, of which 23.3 million were sold in December alone.3 High-end and smart-breathing, enabling brand sales grew
3.1 The high-end process continues, the technology platform is very productive, the new energy vehicle-driven technology platform has its advantages, and technological upgrades drive the high-end process. Since 2020, companies have launched blade batteries, dm-i super-mixing, e-platform 3.0,
Ctb battery body integration, dm-p-mixing, transvestites and dmo super-mixing platforms, and other subversive technologies that help their own businesses develop across borders and drive technological change in the new energy automobile industry.
The company has developed three hybrid platforms, dm-i, dm-p and dmo, in the area of mixing, to meet the different vehicle needs of users. Knife batteries were released in 2020 with super-safe, super-life, super-continuity.
The six major technological innovations in shipping, super-intensity, super-power, and super-low-temperature performance, whose safety standards have been redefined, e Platform 3.0 was released in 2021 as the next generation of high-performance smart electric vehicles.
Cradle, combined with the four advantages of intelligence, efficiency, security, aesthetics, significantly upgraded the tctb battery body integration technology, released in 2022 as one of the core technologies of platform 3.0 to reduce battery design versus vehicle safety through breakthrough battery safety.
Other performance impacts have greatly expanded the capabilities of electric vehicles. Launched in January 2023, the Quadrant broke through the limits of the existing car architecture, resulting in extremely safe, highly performanceal, and experiential experiences, and the creation of new energy vehicles.
All new heights give users an unlimited chance to travel. 3.2 Smart driving and smart cabins are mutually beneficial, smart-guided frequency is new, cloudy is a vertically intelligent control of the body.
Adi's whole house studied itself and marked Biadi as the first Chinese car company to control its own smart body. The cloud's product matrix consists of cloud-c, cloud-a, cloud-p, cloud-deeper intelligent strategic layout. As of December 2023, it was very intelligent.
The company has 11 major research institutes, cumulatively patented over 40,000 worldwide, licensed over 28,000 patents, based on innovative technology platforms, powered at the heart of the company, and developed smart network systems dilink in the smart cabin area, and continues to overlap.
It became the core of the company’s smart cabin system. As of November 2023, the dilink had been replaced by version 5.0 and derived products such as link, lookin’ at link, and filink.
In August 2021, Biadi released the dilink 4.0(5g) system, unlocking more car scenes for users, and turning the power of the smart web network industry into a user perception. The platform has been put into operation, with the Hanev flagship on the market.
A series of cars will be listed on the market, followed by a new generation of smart pods that will be developed through software and hardware, and a new brand-new, “luxury, technology, elegance” intellectually capable product.
It's in service, and it's on a d9-strength, N7-type, and looks at Link on a 4 nanochips with advanced high-speed production, with RAM using lpddr5x. transmission speeds faster. And integrates 5 g-band technology.
With a vehicle speed of 1 g per second, with mainstream vehicle applications, smart people's machines interactively mounted with industry leading large language models with the intention of identifying them more accurately. Leopard 5's filink smart module is based on open ecology, making the engine experience fully correct.
The mobile phone experience, 50 inches of ar-hud in the car, the central screen, and so on, is fully connected to the streaming media mirrors, five screens are connected, and the whole four-song smart voice control system is superimposed to create a unique intellectual interactive space for users.
In the field of smart driving, the intelligent driving aids are led by the dipilot, which is a powerful pilot, looks at the pilot, and so on. In April 2020, the dipilot first took Hanev.
Both didas (pilot-assisted), ditrainer (train mode) and dirobot were first launched in the year, giving new heights to smart network technology. With the combination of huawaehicar functions and 5g technology, dipilot is smart.
Driving support systems are compatible with diliink 3.0 smart network systems to interact with higher levels and more humane human machines.
A full-scale driving aid with an Angvedorin-x chip and a camera and two laser radars, with a new high-speed noa, city noa, hpa memory parking, avp passenger parking, etc.
Looking at the high-level smart driving support of pilot is mounted on observation u8, with 38 sensors on board, including 3 laser radars, 5 millimetre wave radars, 14 ultrasound radars, 16 high-resolution cameras, coupled with 2 nvidiadriveorin
Starting at the end of the year, the company invested heavily in intelligent driving research and development, self-researching smart driving sensors, chip projects, while seeking a combination of electrodynamic and intelligent use of 1+1 > 2
In our view, the advance of the company's smartness project will boost the sales of cars, thus generating a huge amount of driving data that will counter-feed intelligent driving. The company's smart-drives report 2022 shows that the company is moving forward with the development of an automatic parking system.
Traditional parking. It can park in the best radius, minimum number of parking steps, and safest way to give drivers a smarter and superior experience. This is the Department's autonomous intellectual property rights automated parking system.
In April 2022, the dollar plus flagship was installed, and in March 2022, the company worked with the world’s leading A.I.A. computer manufacturer, Y. Weida, on smart driving technology, and deepened its collaboration in the first half of 2023.
In July 2023, Biadi's "Eye of God" high-level intelligent driving support system was released, with security as its core concept, dedicated to creating a full-scale escort for users.
On 21 July 2023, Biadi obtained a conditional autopilot (class I3) test license in Shenzhen City, becoming the first conditional automatic in the country.
On January 16, 2024, Biadei released an intelligent structure that combines electricity and intelligence efficiently, and launched the first two-cycle multimoderated al-
– A big model of carbon platinum, empowering the whole car to evolve continuously. 3.3 High end + smart power, boosting the volume of cars sold, keeping the new model new, with high end + smart configurations highlighted.
The three major brands of Chelsea are new, equipped with high-end smart platforms or technologies, equipped to position themselves in the new energy luxury car market to build brand cores with leading new energy and safety technologies, smart luxury product quality and user eco-service systems.
It's competitive, and it's equipped with technology like cloudy, high-powered, high-end new-energy car brands under the company's flag, branding and products with subversive technology, and branding with a "quite-for-all" technology.
High-end smart technologies such as supermixed cross-country platforms dmo and cloud-p. Trend d9 breaks the mpv market by breaking the traditional Bekgl8 fuel truck, which enriches the new energy lines of the mpv market.
A total of 11,92 million vehicles sold, and nearly a year running steady at over $300,000 of luxury mpv. Leopard 5 is equally competitive and can be sold in the future. Leopard 5 has not only hard core power, performance, and off-road capability, but also a relatively rich lavish configuration.
We believe that Leopard 5 is better off in the future, with excellent off-road performance and a rich intellectual configuration. 4 out-of-sea strategy is steady and market expansion potential is high.
4.1 Domestic exports are unstoppable, and the volume of sales continues to rise. China’s cross-border export by car is unique, driven by such outstanding industrial advantages as China’s power cell system, new chassis architecture, smart driving systems, etc.
Over the years, China has gained global technological and price advantages in the area of electric cars, which are beyond the reach of other countries. The number of vehicles exported increased from 5310,000 in 2014 to 2023.
For the first time, China will be the “first largest country in the world for automobile exports,” and the volume of automobile exports will be the world’s largest. Export momentum is strong, China is a successful model out of the sea, and the share of new energy exports continues to rise.
The company’s sales data for December 2023 show that 24.28 million new energy vehicles were exported in December, while yoy+334.16%. The company’s foreign sales of new energy vehicles were on the Chinese side.
The continued growth of exports will be further accelerated by the continued growth of export strategies, which will lead to an increase in the overall export growth rate of the Central Asian countries.
Figure 21: Corporate export rings are growing at a much faster rate than China’s growth rate by 4.2. Globalisation, with market expansion further increasing growth space, the process of globalization accelerating, with markets spread across six continents around the globe. As of November 2023,
Biyadi's cumulative sales of more than 6 million new energy vehicles worldwide and its footprints spread across more than 70 countries and regions around the world, with over 400 cities.
In December 2022, the company signed a shipbuilding agreement with two shipyards under the banner of the recruiting agency.
Construction of four 9400ceu Liquefied Natural Gas (lng) two-fueled super-large vehicle carrier (ptc), which is expected to be delivered from 2025 onwards and will be the world ' s largest vehicle carrier.
On 6 November 2023, Project No. 1 of Biadei's double-burning car transporter (ptc), which is hosted by Guangzhou International, opened in Nansha, Guangzhou, with a total of two ships planned for construction.
Working with distributors to open overseas markets and achieve rapid expansion of local markets. It is difficult for domestic firms to open their own shops abroad, and localized marketing and services systems provided by distributors can help companies to expand rapidly after entering specific markets.
A number of countries, including Morocco, have established cooperation with distributors to gain rapid access to markets, and with profit forecasting and investment proposals 1. Cars, automobile-related products and other products: (1) Income: 2022
2. Mobile parts and assembly: (1) Income: cellular parts and assembly operations in 2022
The Division continues to advance the process of high-end and intelligentness, which, based on its technological level and its ability to operate, will shine in the field of intelligent driving. At the same time, as the pace of sea travel increases, it will generate business additions.
(1) Risk of macroeconomic volatility: the company ' s main operations are more directly affected by changes in the domestic and foreign economic environment, and there is uncertainty in the domestic and foreign macroeconomic and financing environment. (2) Industry development risks: e.g., the new energy auto industry as a whole is not growing as expected by the company,
Other factors that affect the development of the automobile industry are the risks of market competition in companies ' new energy automobile business (3): if firms fail to maintain or improve product competitiveness, they run the risk of being disadvantaged in market competition.
(4) Risks of policy change: Changes or adjustments in company-related policies may affect the level of the company ' s access to policy or subsidies and may have a certain impact on the profitability of the company ' s main business in the short term.
(5) Risk of price fluctuations in raw materials: Price fluctuations in raw materials can have a direct impact on the production costs of company-owned operations, which in turn have an impact on the company’s performance. Authors have a portfolio investment advisory qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude and independence and objectivity
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.