• Investment rating: buy-in (first time) • technological advantages and cost advantages, and construction of corporate barriers to competition
Based on its technological and cost advantages, the company achieved 3.02 million new energy vehicle sales in 2023, making it a leader in the Chinese and global new energy vehicle markets. In terms of technological advantages, the company had the highest/lowest (in yuan) in almost 12 months.
In terms of cost, companies do not rely solely on vertical supply chain systems and leading technologies to reduce costs, and more importantly, the magnitude of the downside effect of the advantage of scale. Companies are currently selling at the lowest level of the Maxie-Silberstone curve.
On the left side of the scale, about 122,000 bicycles per vehicle, and in the wake of the increase in the scale of the production, the cost of bicycles is expected to continue to decline, with a corresponding increase in net one-way gains in non-linear terms.
(0-100,000) In the range of prices, the company sold 225,000 in the last year, accounting for 19 per cent of the market share of new energy sources and 9 per cent of the end market share. The subsequent increase in the penetration rate of the price with new energy sources is expected to boost the company’s share of the price belt with seagulls. (10-200,000)
In the context of industry prices, firms are able to steadily raise their share of the basic market by the advantage of pricing, while at the same time maximizing their profits. (20-30] million price zones are Biadi sales.
The next-largest price belt is also a larger price belt in incremental space. In the short term, benefiting from the shrinking share of the joint venture brand, the expansion of autonomous brand sales is expected to result in a small increase in the market share of autonomous leading companies in the price belt.
..the high-end brand image was initially established, the product matrix was constantly refilled, and the company built a high-end pattern of high-end, professional and personalized equations and luxury brands.
The matrix is rich, the platform for the suv series is upgraded, and the company’s share of the market is expected to increase further. (50-100 million price ranges, the company’s layout is late, the model is not yet sold, and the new cars are on the market with the ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups and ups.
White. In the price range of 100 million, companies look up to their brands, relying on super-technology for a million luxury brand breakthroughs. Last December, I looked to u8 for the sale of 1,593 vehicles, in millions of new energy vehicles.
In the short-term perspective, the company expects to deliver eight rollers by 2025, with an estimated capacity of about 170,000 in 2024.
Under the corner, Biadei in non-East Asia South Asia, North America, and Western Europe will compete directly with global players such as the general public and Toyota, which are expected to have a market share of about 10% compared to Suzuki Cars of the same size, given the company ' s technological and cost advantages in the new energy sector.
On the other hand, considering that foreign sales are about 1.5 times the price of domestic sales, the net export gain is expected to be higher in 2024, with a further increase in product power, and a steady increase in the sales of the company’s basic inventory. Moreover, the trend of d9, the equation of leopard 5, and the look-up of the high-end model of u9 were brightened.
In addition, the overseas market is vast, the value of export bicycles is high, the company's export business is leading in terms of technology and cost, and the basic products are rising in 2024.
As a result, companype values are higher than industry averages, cover for the first time, and give a “buy-in” rating. Overseas exports fall short of expectations. National tariff policies for export purposes, international political relations, local channels.
The construction of roads and the accompanying recharge facilities, consumer recognition of electric cars can affect the company’s seaboard process, leading to less than expected exports. The high-end process is less than expected.
The impact, coupled with high-end domestic manufacturers, joint ventures, and more competitive markets, could affect the company’s high-end development. The counter-opposition of the joint venture affected the company’s basic turnover.
The competitive advantage, and therefore the constant concern about the risk of joint ventures using price wars to counter-opt.
The company is the leader of the Chinese automobile market and the global new energy car market. Biadi was established in 1995 to start with battery business. After more than two decades of development, business covering mobile phone parts and assembly, automobile operations, photovoltaic operations, and traffic orbital operations.
The automobile business is the company’s core profitable business. In the use of cars, the dynasty series, named after the dynasty, and the ocean series, named after sea creatures and warships, cover less than 350,000 areas.
In November 2022, a luxury car brand was launched, with a price range of 80 to 1.5 million. In June 2023, a professional personalized brand equation was launched, with a strong cross-country track between ups and ups and downs. For commercial cars, a market-wide strategy of 7+4 was introduced.
The battery business has a full-scale industrial chain from autonomous research and development to design and production of batteries. The product covers power cells, storage energy, and new batteries, consumer batteries and parts and components for electronics, electric cars, storage energy, etc.
Photovoltaic operations lead the world, forming a technical layout of the entire industrial chain, such as silicon, silicon, battery, and components. The solar industry introduced photo-storage integration, with companies possessing unique silicon technology, making solar components 50 years old.
Reservation energy business products are divided mainly into source-side storage system products, industrial and industrial storage products, household storage energy products, and solutions such as storage energy systems, robotic battery requirements, etc.
Figure 6. Solar products. Chart 7. Mobile phone components and assembly operations, provision of innovative materials, R & D design, precision intelligence, testing certification, and
The business is divided into three main sectors, consumer electronics, new smart products, new energy cars, and so on. The market is diversified in terms of smart phones, laptops, smart homes, drones, new energy vehicles, etc. The number of engineers is over 10,000, with a patent of 25,000+.
Chart 8 Biadi Electronic 3d Glass Hot-Balk Workshop Chart 9 New Energy Motors Business Orbital Transportation has two brands: Cloud Tracks and Clouds. Cloud Tracks belong to a medium volume.
Cross-seat single-track, Yunba is a small-volume glue wheel with trams, both of which carry technologies such as unmanned systems, and are a new direction for solving urban traffic congestion. In 2022, Brazil’s 17th subway was officially off-track.
Chart 10, cloud-track transport products, Chart 11, Yunbar transport products 1.2 product lines: product matrices are rich and portfolio levels are clear
The product matrix is complete, covering the various price zones and user groups. The company’s vehicle product is based on pure electricity and insulation, which mixes the power type, forming five major brands: dynasty, ocean, voltage, equation leopard, high-school low-end price zones, covering the needs of various user groups, and a diverse product matrix.
The ocean is dominated by a rejuvenation of fashion, with the user group being dominated by young people and a product price covering between 100,000 and 300,000. It's a multiplicity of regions. The equation leopards are working on a personalized market for new energy, including hard cross-country, running cars, etc.
User groups focus on individualized consumers, with products covering 400,000-800,000 areas. A high-end, luxuries, targeting economically independent young and successful people, with products covering about 800,000-plus.
The leopards are clear and well-positioned. As intermediate transition brands, they take the center-to-end market upwards, high-end cars, elites, businesses and city-to-city groups, with the leading new energy and security technologies, smart and luxuries, and three core competitivenesss of the user's eco-services system, covering mpv, suv, car and capital.
The middle-end new energy market gap between equator leopards and upsight is positioned in a professional, personalized car experience crowd. Looking up as a limo is a key to raising the value of the company's brand. The company's cutting edge is easy-wired, cloudy systems, power cells, super-cars, smart cabins, and driver's assistants.
The six core technologies have given them excellent body control and safety, as well as excellent motivation, to upgrade high-end brands and corporate values with technology. 1.3 Sales: high volume growth, dominated by structural “dynapses”
Based on technological advantages and industry, the company’s automobile sales have been growing at a high rate. Since 2021, when the company released the dm-i/p hybrid system and the pure electricity exclusive platform e3.0, the company’s car sales have grown rapidly, with 914,000 vehicles increasing by 112% that year. The benefits have doubled since 2022.
In 2023, with a wealth of product lines, technological power and brand influence, the company sold about 3.02 million vehicles, a 62% increase from the previous year, continuing its rapid growth.
With the opportunity of a global new energy vehicle development, companies have achieved significant breakthroughs in export sales with the strength of their good products. In 2023, they achieved 242,000 car exports, an increase of 333 per cent. At the same time, companies, with global marketing networks, brand influence, and years of technological accumulation, have been operating in many countries.
The world's champions in sales, and the strategic layout of globalization is reaping its fruits.
In the company ' s sales structure, pure electricity and commingling account for half of the total, and Dolphinev and Qin plus 48 per cent of the total. Of the main hybrids, Qinplus sold up to 274,000, or 23 per cent; Songplus sold up to 265,000, or 22 per cent; Songpro sold up to 22 per cent.
188,000 vehicles, or 16 per cent of the total. Some 13.3 million vehicles, or about 52 per cent, were sold in pure electric vehicles. Dolphins, or 22 per cent of the total, sold in the main electric vehicles, accounted for a maximum of 286,000 vehicles, or 22 per cent of the total number of vehicles, 283,000 vehicles, or 22 per cent of the total, and gulls, or 221,000, or 17 per cent of the total.
Figure 17 shows the main sales of pure trams (millions) versus the percentage of the company ' s brand sales structure, 66 per cent of the dynasty, 28 per cent of the ocean, and 4.8 per cent of the medium- and high-end items, and the sale of the dynasty ' s brand in 2023.
Of these, 550,000, or about 28 per cent, were sold in the Song series. Of these, 286,000, or 11 per cent, were sold in the dolphin series; 221,000, or 9 per cent, were sold in the gulls.
121,000 vehicles, or 4.8 per cent of the total number of major brand sales, figure 18 (in thousands) versus figure 19 (in thousands of United States dollars), figure 19 (in thousands of United States dollars), figure 19 (in thousands of United States dollars), figure 19 (in thousands of United States dollars)
1.4 Financial analysis: Higher sales led to rapid growth in revenue and higher R & D costs sustained rapid growth in corporate revenue. In 2018-2022, corporate operating income stood at $424.06 billion, an increase of 96.2 per cent over the same period, benefiting mainly from the continued eruption of the new energy automobile industry.
By doing so, the company achieved the highest volume of new energy cars worldwide, thus generating a significant increase in automobile-related business. 2023q1-3 companies achieved business income of $422.28 billion, a 58 per cent increase over last year’s year’s year’s average, with increased competition in the industry and a decline in the value of their bicycles.
By leading product and brand power, the company’s new energy cars continue to grow at an all-time high. Chart 20’s overall income growth (billions, %) Chart 21’s income growth, in addition to electronics, is faster (billions, %)
In the company ' s revenue structure, the share of revenue from automobiles increased to 70%. In the company ' s revenue structure, in 2022, the revenue from automobiles was about $298 billion, or 165%, or 23.3% of the total.
The upstream raw material cost and scale effect led to a rapid increase in the Māori rate. Corporate gross interest rates continued to rise to 17 per cent in 2022, up by 4 pct. Of this, the Māori rate for automobile operations was 20.4 per cent.
This compares with an increase of 3 pct, with a Māori ratio of about 92 per cent for the automobile and battery business; the Māori ratio for the mobile phone business continues to rise to 19.8 per cent; the Māori rate rises mainly as a result of lower costs of upstream raw materials; and higher sales.
Figure 23,2022 shows an increase in the Māori rate of each company's business, a significant increase in corporate R&D investment and a steady increase in R&D costs. In 2022, the company invested in new energy vehicles, such as batteries, electric machines, power control, etc., in core industry-wide technology, with blade batteries, etc.
dm-i super-mixing, e-platform 3.0, ctb battery body integration, `quadros', clouds, etc., assures the company ' s technological leadership. 1.5 Profitability: Control advantage guarantees the company a net profit of about 10,000 per vehicle.
Overall, with the steady growth in automobile sales in recent years, the net profits of the company ' s bicycles have fluctuated in both positive and negative terms. After the quarterly sales of 2022q2 have passed 300,000, the net profits of the company ' s single cars have started to leapfrog into the upwards route.
Figure 27 shows a steady increase in the net profits of the company, which is sensitive to the volume of sales. The value and size of the vehicle are reflected behind it.
Toyota, Honda, the general public, Mercedes, and other major domestic and international car companies have a one-car profit-to-one value relationship that suggests that the increase in the value of one-car can significantly increase the net profit scale of one-car companies. Similarly, when the scale of sales increases, the lower the fixed cost of one-car on average, and the scale effect.
Just as foreign producers Toyota and domestic producers depend on the volume of more than 5 million sales, the lower single-car costs are achieved. Figure 29 shows the ratio of major vehicle sales to the cost of bicycles.
On the one-car profit side, the company’s over-expected profits since 2023 have not been backed up by a single-car price, but have become more dependent on the dilution of depreciation amortization under the scale effect and vertical supply chain integration. The company’s single-car prices have continued to be pressured since the last three quarters of 2023, but their costs have decreased even more.
Big, which opens up room for higher corporate car profits. In the last three quarters, company bicycle prices fell by 17,000, while the cost of bicycles fell by 21,000. Behind the cost falls, one side of the increase in sales leads to a further dilution of amortization depreciation; on the other hand, the scale effect provides for a further dilution of amortization depreciation.
The vertically integrated layout of the response chain brings with it a downward line that can be transformed. From a one-car profit perspective, the scale of the company’s sales continues to grow, and depreciation amortization and convertibility will decline even more, thus significantly increasing the company’s profitability elasticity. The scale effect will be a net profit from Biadi’s future bicycles.
Figure 30 Byadi's profit-to-car value, cost ratio (thousands of units) 1.6 capacity: new domestic and foreign production capacity to accelerate landing, boost sales, actively deploy domestic and foreign production bases, and increase production capacity to meet demand for expansion.
At the same time, in order to adapt to the corporate globalization strategy, a 150,000-capable region of ASEAN was built in Thailand; and 50,000-capable capacity was built in Uzbekistan to produce Chazor and Songplus.
At the same time, on 18 January, a 150,000-capable plant was announced in Indonesia. The additional capacity was increased rapidly, and the volume of production and sales increased rapidly. Over the past three years, the company's total capacity has increased.
The continued increase in the utilization rate, particularly the rapid increase in sales in 2022, has resulted in overloading of capacity, which has reached $45.4 billion in construction work, indicating a significant increase in the availability of new production sites in 2024 and the absence of past capacity shortages and restrictions on sales.
Figure 33 Rapid increase in capacity utilization (car) Chart 34 Rapid expansion of construction in progress (millions of dollars) 1.7 new cycle of vehicles: new vehicles, new technologies and the opening of gold in products
The company will issue in 2024 more than 10 new cars, including pickups, RVs, sedans, etc., covering basically all the sub-tracks of the vehicle. In spring 2024, the company will issue a formula pulp card to locate hard-pitched cross-country pickups, and it will hit the foreign market.
In addition, a sedan for the Porsche Paramera is expected to be released in the first half of 2024. dm5.0+ mixed with new technology for Blade Batteries to upgrade the model of the car
Product power. The company launched a special mixed-car chassis in 2024, with 2024 car models, goodbyes, oil and electricity and a chassis, giving the body a more rational layout, greater space, and ensuring car comfort and stability. The second-generation blade battery is expected to achieve battery energy density of 180wh/kg, continuation.
More than 700 miles, lighter weight, less energy.
As of October 30, 2023, Wang was the largest individual shareholder in the company, holding 17.64% of the shares, Lu was the second largest individual shareholder, holding 8.22% of the shares and indirectly holding 5.33% of the shares through easy investment, and in recent years the stock structure has stabilized.
On the subsidiary side, from upstream raw materials, to medium-stream key parts and whole-car manufacturing guarantees of self-supply, to the cycle of automobile use in areas such as marketing and finance, all of which are covered by the entire chain of the car industry.
Figure 38 Corporate equity structure Management is experienced and growing together with the company over a long period of time. Corporate managers work for more than 18 years in Biadi, and work management is experienced and academic qualifications are generally present and above, contributing to smooth corporate development.
In April 2022, the company released a draft employee holding plan for a total of no more than 12,000 persons (including 14 senior company employees and 11,986 other employees) at zero.
This plan is to buy back up to $1,809 million, with a share of 5.51,000. A strong guarantee that employees will enjoy the dividends of growth in the public sector will contribute to the company’s long-term, sustained and healthy development.
2 Technology advantages and cost advantages, construction of corporate barriers to competition 2.1.1 mixed technologies: two Dmi/dmp+dmo hybrid platforms, Biadi hybrid technologies divided into three technology platforms, "super-powered" dm-p, "super-low fuel consumption" dm-i
dm-i is a power-based hybrid system with two high-performance, high-power electrical units, one for driving vehicles, and one for generating power efficiently.
Power blade batteries. The generator is also guaranteed efficient power generation, with 43.04% heat-efficient cloud-plugged motors with 1.5% efficiency. And, good nvh performance guarantees smooth driving. The dm-p blending system uses a double arctic four-drive structure, the engine drives the front axis through a two-way converter box and uses bsg power.
In August 2023, Biadi launched the equation leopard series and the dmo super-mixed cross-country platform. dmo uses a new mix of non-carrier structures (with big beams).ctc battery chassis integration.
Engines can be powered directly and directly. There are eight core technologies, high performance chassis, super-full vehicle safety, expansionable space design, all-new field technology, super-power, heavy fielding, extreme energy consumption, compatibility with cloud-p smart hydraulic body control systems.
Figure 42dmo platform 2.1.2 Pure electric platform 3.0: Pure electrical exclusive platform, multi-technology high-level integration eplatform 3.0 is pure electrical exclusive platform, optimizing the efficiency of integrated use of resources, compatible with multiple power patterns (formerly)
In terms of safety, use of blade batteries, ctb techniques to optimize energy transmission routes and improve safety during collisions. In terms of efficiency, key components use eight-in-one electrons.
The power mix, with a high performance power of 270kw, is 89% system-integrated. On the smart side, through cpu integration, 30% of cpu's capacity is improved, 50% more interactive efficiency is increased, combining self-researched bydos with future high-level intelligent driving. On the aesthetic side, high integration design, with a larger axle range and smaller cars.
Body, achieve a low wind resistance factor. 2.1.3 Blade batteries: high continuity, good safety, one of the most important properties of electric vehicles.
The strictest test of the safety test, the needle puncture test, compares horizontally with three-dollar lithium batteries, and the general phosphate lithium battery. After the Biyadi blade needle, there is no visible fire, no smoke, surface temperature is only 30-60°C, and safety performance is excellent.
The large-scale stacking process is the basis for the high-performance of blade batteries. It produces cores and blade cells using stacking processes compared to the traditional voltage of power cells. The stacking structure has a more uniform current density and internal heat evaporation performance that is superior and more suitable for high-power discharge. The blade cells therefore have better circulation properties, safety features, energy.
The full-scale high-temperature "ceramic cell" technology raises the safety limit of the blade battery. The blade cell at key locations enhances the safety of the high-temperature ceramic coatings with high-temperature and superior insulation. The large-scale stacking process and the full-scale high-temperature "ceramic cell" technology are accompanied by blade battery cycles of over 4,500 times and over 4,500 times.
After-effect reduction of less than 20%, three times the lifetime of a three-mile lithium battery, reaching a mileage of between 500,000 and 1 million km. Diagram 44 beats the Yadi blade battery assembly chart and the traditional battery. Traditional batteries use cylindrical-shaped cells, but there are large gaps between batteries, wasting a lot of space.
The company ' s blade battery, based mainly on its expertise in phosphate lithium technology, uses a large electric core developed by the company larger than 0.6 metres in length, and the battery ' s single is also evolving to a larger capacity, but the core shape is flater, smaller and neater, and is packed together, like a blade, so it's called a blade battery. The blade battery returns longer and has a larger surface area.
Large, the radiation effect is better, and more support structures have been avoided, increasing the space utilization of the conventional layouts by nearly 2.1.4 ctb battery body integration: light quantification, high integration of the ctb battery body integration combines the battery caps with the body floor, forming a sandwich structure.
The battery acts as an energy and structural body, and the battery acts as a structural device to reduce the crashes of the whole vehicle. At the same time, the battery bag is involved in the transmission of the whole vehicle, the chassis is reinforced, the vehicle performance is enhanced, and the reversal of the whole vehicle is raised to 40000 n m/o or more, and the motor vehicle is more manoeuvring.
Figure 45ctb battery body integration technology 2.1.5 Four-way architecture: Subversive innovation, re-engineering of driving logic Four power units that are independently driven by technology platform power systems. Build artificial intelligence, cloud computing.
In terms of perception, through technology such as car networking, high-precision map technology, all aspects of the vehicle movement, combined with intelligent configurations such as laser radar, precision of the vehicle, and complete knowledge of the road.
On the control side, the central computing platform interacts with domain control to achieve efficient control of the four wheeled edge power units. On the implementation side, the four wheeled edge generators on board the four-wheel drive, according to the needs of the scene, to the four-wheel drive, the cloudy body control system: the industry ' s first new energy-only smart body.
In April 2023, the company launched the cloud cloud system, which is a smart body control system in the new energy sector, which solves the problem of body control. The cloud cloud system is currently divided into three main products, with cloud-c, cloud-a, cloud-p, and cloud-x at the conceptual stage. The conventional cdc surface scan frequency is 100 times per second, while cloud-c scan frequency
A thousand times a second, and a millisecond speed of resistance, to meet the user's needs for all kinds of surfaces. Clouds-a, on a cloud-y-c basis, increases air hangings, achieves body heights, optimizes manipulation and travel experiences. Clouds-p is used mainly for Land Cruisers, with lifts and drops of individual wheels, four-wheel connections, "one-key flattens" and so on.
Scene functions such as maximum security, emergency water, back-to-back and agility. Chart 47 cloud-p structures and components 2.1.7 smartness: car-to-car intelligence is real intelligence
The company publishes a smart structure consisting of one brain, two ends, three networks, four chains. One brain, the middle brain, participates in and dominates all perception, decision-making and execution. On both ends, the end of the car and the end of the cloud, the end of the ship, the real-time coordinated deployment.
; the four-chains are the sensor chain, the chain of control, the data chain, the mechanical chain, the four-chain depth of the chain, which is now flexible in perception, precision control, and coordinated execution.
It's safer, more efficient, and more personal. It breaks the barriers between systems, captures changes in the internal and external environment in real time, feeds information into a "brain" in milliseconds for decision-making, quickly adjusts the vehicle's state of body, significantly improves safety and comfort on board. At the same time, it makes the car more human.
Increased number of personalized settings for thousands of people.
In the new energy car industry chain, from upstream raw materials to midstream core parts to downstream back-markets, companies actively organize the whole industry chain and lower it through vertical supply chain systems. Companies can guarantee bargaining power over raw materials, contain a sharp increase in the price of battery raw materials, and guarantee low costs in the coming years.
The supply of raw materials, through self-researching of the three-power and three-power core parts in midstream, can reduce the impact of the lack of “core and precious power”, allowing companies downstream to cover the full cycle of service from sale to sale, extend the weekly life of cars, increase user dependency and increase user brand trust.
On the upstream side, the company actively deploys upstream raw materials by entering into long-term partnerships with suppliers, establishing subsidiaries with suppliers, self-built bases, self-research, etc., to ensure price and supply stability of core battery raw materials. On the other hand, lithium resources are core raw materials, and companies are deployed in multiple ways. On the overseas side, it is the world’s richest lithium mine.
On the domestic front, the early years of salt lakes, in 2022, entered into a new capacity of lithium and built the Idea Biadi mine. At the same time, the company’s high-connected soft stock, with its overall mining rights to the 134th mine of the Condinka Lithite Pelican region.
In midstream, in 2020, the company founded five Fordie Battery, Freddy Power, Ferdy Technology, Ferdy Engineers, Freddy Visuals, through Ferdys, Batteries, bms, Electrics, Automobile Electronics, Cars.
At the same time, if there is sufficient production capacity, it is actively out-sourced to the industry, working with Ford, Air, Toyota, etc., to increase profitability. On downstream, because of the “high investment” in infrastructure and the long-duration cycle, companies have less electricity.
In terms of pool recycling, the Fuddy battery, a subsidiary of the Fodie battery, and the Chengzhou Fodie battery, are used for the recycling of used power batteries and the use of ladders. In terms of automobile services and financial services, there are Byadi car sales, Byadi car finance companies, car sales, auto finance, car sales, full distribution of cars after sale, guaranteed car sales.
2.2.2 Core technological advantages drive lower costs.
In terms of material costs, the dm-i hybrid system uses a fuel cooler to replace the Ionator, the power line is reduced, and the material costs are reduced. At the same time, the system cut off the gearbox, with only one single-speed gears, making low maintenance. In terms of production costs, companies do not seek fully automated production lines, more semi-automated production, and go one.
In the internal supply chain, the igbt power chip, which accounts for about half of the cost of the power control system, the flat wire machine with a maximum speed of 16,000 rpm and a cooler, the thermal management technology that replaces traditional cooling fluids with refrigerants, and even high-integration modules, all come from the company ' s own R & D and production. The fifth generation dm-i mix is expected to be finalized.
The cost will continue to be optimized on structures, shells, and gears and internal flower-key axes. In pure electricity, platform 3.0 reduces costs by two dimensions through the integration design of blade batteries and modularization. First, the ctb technology eliminates the bottom plate of the vehicle and combines the battery with the bottom plate of the vehicle, thus saving the module.
In addition, the company ' s blade battery eliminated the module design, resulting in a 40% reduction in the corresponding number of secondary components, which significantly reduced the cost of materials, and the battery production process as fewer beams and beams were used.
Simplified, with less complex assembly of single-body batteries and lower production costs. In addition, a combined total of eight power units integrated into the drive total (electrics and transformers), electrical controllers, pdu (power distribution units), dc-dc, obc, vcu, bms components that effectively reduce the weight and volume of the system, reduce space occupancy and reduce wear and tear.
To reduce the number of parts and components of the system to the point of reduction, figure 53ctb removes the module and battery package chain from the world's first eight-in-one power plant.
Vehicle full control, voltage distribution boxes, electrical controllers.
The downside effects of the advantage of size of 2.2.3 are shown by the experience of major global automobile companies, which have a minimum effective size of between 5 and 7 million vehicles.
The Silberstom curve shows that, during the process of climbing production, the vehicle single model has dropped its initial average cost significantly, then slowed down to the minimum effective size threshold. Then, within a certain size of production, the long-term average cost has been minimal and stable, while the increase in production does not alter the long-term average cost, entry.
The average cost curve of automobile enterprises is largely u-shaped, with a minimum effective sales volume of 5-7 million vehicles. For example, Ford cars are sold annually from 3 million to 7 million vehicles.
In the process of a minimum effective size of 5 million vehicles, the cost of a bicycle fell from 273,000 to 141,000.
Toyota's Maxie-Silberstone curve, the Maxie-Silberstone curve of the 58th Volkswagen Cars, and the company's current sales are on the left side of the Maxie-Silberston curve, the size effect.
The release process continues in the future. The company sold 3 million cars in 2023, at the lowest effective level on the left side. The cost of bicycles is expected to continue to decline during the subsequent scale-up, with a corresponding net one-car gain showing non-linear growth, which quickly opens up the room for higher profits. 2023q3, the company's quarterly sales are rising.
By 8.24 million, the cost of a bicycle has fallen to 114,000 per vehicle, with a significant scale effect, with a corresponding net profit of 11,000 per vehicle and a net interest rate of 7 per cent per vehicle. In the previous three quarters, the cumulative sales of the company amounted to 2.08 million vehicles, at a cost of approximately 122,000 per vehicle, with a corresponding net gain of 0.93,000 per vehicle.
Figure 59 shows a downward trend in the scale of company vehicle costs with sales.3 A solid increase in the volume of basic sales and an initial high-end brand image of 3.1 (0-100,000) price bands: expansion of the new energy market, leading to an increase in corporate share
About 12% of the end market. The price is mainly commuting, replacing the two-wheeler with a four-wheeler. As the population’s demand for the quality of the car rises, the price has dropped to 55% of the total size of the domestic terminal market since 2016, and the penetration rate of new energy sources has risen to 45%.
The rate of penetration of new energy sources is expected to continue to rise, taking into account the fact that the price has been driven by short-distance consumption and the high suitability of the pure model.
During the year, about 439,000 or 44 per cent of the joint venture brand were sold in pure electricity; about 556,000 or 56 per cent were sold in fuel. In autonomous brands, about 736,000 or 46 per cent were sold in pure electricity; about 871,000 or 54 per cent were sold in fuel. Joint ventures were similar to autonomous power structures, with little difference in comparative advantage.
Figure 64 (0-100,000) Autonomous and joint-venture power type marketing structure (millions)
With a rich product matrix and a very high value for money, General Mitsubishi's market share in this price has risen to 26%, and has been the first in a series of years since 2013. Currently, General Mitsubishi shares 33 models in this price range, of which 64.4% is pure electricity sales, and the main car type is macrominiev and bingoev;
Of these, the fuel truck is based on Mitsubishi macrolights and Jia-Cheng.
Biadi, with a single, but competitive, car-like price, sold 225,000 last year, and a 19% share of the new energy market. This cost company sold 225,000 last year, accounting for 19% of the entire new energy market and 9% of the end market.
About 221,000 are the hot-market model of the price belt. In the main competition, macrolight Mini dominates a00-grade markets with low-price selling points, but product and brand power are less powerful than seagulls. As the price continues to rise, seagull sales are expected to increase the company’s share of the price belt.
Figure 67 (0-10) Scale of 10,000 BADI sales (millions) and city share Figure 68 Changes in monthly sales of gulls and macrolight Miniev (millions) 3.2 (10-20) million price bands: Preference for pricing rights, guaranteed sales base plate
The price band (10-20] is the main power zone for automobile consumption among our residents, accounting for almost a half share of the entire domestic terminal market. The size of the domestic terminal market in 2023 (10-20) was about 10.509 million, accounting for the entire end market (10-20] and the share of joint-venture brands had repeatedly shrunk to 44 per cent, while the share of autonomous brands continued to rise.
This price, which has a slab effect on joint ventures and autonomous market shares, and the persistent lag in the volume of joint venture brand sales and fierce competition in markets, is expected to continue to decline in 2024, giving autonomy to the share of joint venture brands, which still have a fuel vehicle-based type of power and a wide space for new energy alternatives.
Toyota, Toyota, Honda, and Japanese joint brands still account for 34% of the market share, and the power type is still dominated by traditional fuels, with very few electric models and large permeable spaces. This price brought the share of the North and South to a peak of 26% in 2013.
In 2013, the number of North-South public markets peaked at 26%, making it the largest share of the single brand market. With a rich mix of products and the launch of a vehicle suitable for the Chinese market, the popular brand became a popular choice for Chinese consumers.
Given Biadi’s cost advantage in the price belt and his knowledge of Chinese consumer demand, it is expected that companies will be able to outperform the North-South public at the price range (10-20].
Ten to two million price zones, Biadei's sales are about 1.7 million, representing 29% of the size of the autonomous brand market and 16% of the share of the domestic end market. The company's forward-looking layout and cost advantage in the new energy sector has become the absolute leader of the price belt. Last year (10 to 20) million price zones, autonomous brand sales were 5.931 million, public.
The price is 52% mixed-car sales in the company ' s sales structure and 48% pure-trailer sales. The price is mainly distributed to Dolphin, Yuan, Song and Seanet dolphins, destroyer 05 series, of which dolphins ev, Yuan plusev, Qinplusdm, Songplusdm have over 250,000 annual sales, Songpro.
dm, Qinplusev model annual sales also achieved 100,000+. Figure 76 (10-20) price range, company power type sales structure, figure 77 (10-20) price range, company vehicle sales structure
(10-20) million price zones, where companies have a significant competitive advantage in fuel economy, prices and space compared to the joint-venture fuel car competition. Traditional fuel trucks are still dominant in this band, accounting for nearly 70% of the total, down 7 pct from 2022.
In order to meet the demand for cars in a variety of contexts, such as intra- and inter-city travel, the focus is on price-to-space value-for-money characteristics, and ease of use and utility. Thus, in three or four cities with inadequate power-filling infrastructure, traditional fuel fuel requirements remain high.
Pro was able to achieve the lowest fuel consumption at roughly the same space size, with a pure tram-type dolphinev price of slightly more than 100,000, highlighting the advantage of value for money: the use of the axle range advantage by the dollar plus in the small suv market ... provided a wide room for in-car space. The firm met the core needs of the user compared to the competing model, with a clear competitive advantage.
The economic advantage of the company ' s car fuel is evident in the price range of 81 million (10-20] where the cost of the company ' s size advantage has been significantly reduced, the cost of the battery-grade lithium carbonate has continued to fall, and the price margin has continued to rise. The company ' s sales in the price range (10-20) are 1.7 million and account for its own sales.
Fifty-seven%, with the marginal cost-sharing effect significantly superior to that of competitors, is the cornerstone of company-owned pricing. The price of battery-grade lithium carbonate fell from 570,000 tons to 100,000 tons, as a result of excess capacity and stock pressure.
On the basis of the current scale of 1.7 million sales, the company has reduced the cost of whole cars and moved the price down. In the context of the industry’s price battles, the company has been able to raise the basic market steadily by relying on its price-fixing advantage.
In the short term, with the domestic joint brand market accounting for 3.3 (20-30,000) million price bands: the hybrid model is far ahead, the pure tram product power, the share of the joint brand market is down to 57%, the autonomous brand is up to 32%, and Tesla is rising steadily.
The price has been gradually relaxed by the dominant role of the joint venture brand, with the market share declining from 95% in 2020, and the foreign brand Tesla’s market share has increased slightly from 10% last year to 11%. Unlike (10 to 200,000) million price zones, the price carries a greater weight on the influence and product power of the brand than simply the pursuit of value for money.
As a result, joint brands still have a combined advantage in terms of overall size, brand value, etc., but autonomous brands, such as those of Jadi, Peng, Gilly, Quakers, etc., are inundated, are more competitive and are expected to continue to crowd out their share of the joint brand market, and are expected to continue to decline in 2024, with a certain amount of increase in the ownership brand.
Figure 86 million (20-30,000) price ranged from 92% for joint fuel trucks to 29% for self-propelled fuel trucks, and wide space for new energy penetration. The price band, which is the leading brand, Honda, Toyota, generic sales, is still dominated by fuel trucks.
The brand has a low share of electric vehicles. Similarly, space has been given to boost the penetration of new energy-owned brands. Figure 87 (20-300] Price zone structure of brand power types (in thousands, per cent) with the price belt, where the share of North-South mass markets has remained ahead, peaking at 31% in 2019.
North-South popular cities have long held a leading position in the market since 2012 against Toyoto, Honda, and remained largely stable at 30% in 2012-2019. By virtue of their German branding power and the improvement of their market space in China, popular groups have met the needs of medium- and high-end users for business and official use of vehicles and become middle and high-end consumers.
Two options. Long-term perspective, with the shrinking of the joint venture brand along the price belt and the company’s current leadership, the market position of the popular brand is more relevant than Yadi.
Biadi, with about 420,000 sales in that price, has an autonomous share of 33%, an increase in the share of the domestic terminal market from 10,000 to 417,000 in 2023, and an increase in the city’s share from 2% to 11%, becoming the leader of the autonomous brand on that price belt. Given the relative overcrowding of the 200,000 to 300,000 prices, there is a joint venture brand model and bbahow.
The Chinese brand’s entry model, with its many autonomous models, such as 01, Wiessels6, S7 of the intellectual world, Kryptons007, the ideal number one and the ideal number one, are expected to be the largest in 2024. Thus, in the short term, the company’s share of the market in the price belt is expected to remain unchanged.
Chart 90 Biadi sells at a price range of 20 to 300,000, with fewer models of company cars and a lack of high-end brands entry models, compared to joint ventures such as the general public, Toyota and others. In this price range, the company's main layouts are Handm and ev, Dondm and ev, seal dm and ev.
Correspondents 07 series, of which the Han series sold over 200,000 a year, became the champion of this price with a car. The short plates of the company ' s cars were clearly small compared to the rivals. In 2023, 32 vehicles were sold under the popular flag, 26 under the Toyota flag, and only 13 under the Yadi flag. In addition, the popular and Toyota flag was high.
The end-of-cycle entry vehicle showed greater product competitiveness at this price belt, and Biadi's high-end brands did not detect the area. For example, Odiq2, q3, a3 and Toyota Crown Cars under the banner of the general public detected the price.
Figure 95 Toyota (20-300,000) price range major sales (millions) compares with new energy competitions, where company car-type hybrid technology has significant advantages and pure electricity is slightly less powerful.
c11, peng6 and smart #1 competitions. In the car type, the company's main product is Handm and SEAL dm, of which Handm sells much more than the competitions: the main product is Hanev, SEALev, and the late bid is Model3, and the red flag e-qm5, Ping.
P7 and kryptonite 001 have a certain lead edge. (20-30] million consumer images of car consumption in the price zone are dominated by family-to-house purchases and income-capable first-purchasers, and therefore more attention is paid to product brands, and secondly to prices, physical appearance, motivation, and intelligence. In hybrid models, companies rely on them.
The technical advantage of dm has been transformed into a brand advantage, which supports companies to ride the dust out of hybrid cars and suv sales. But in pure trams, competitive model3 and y brands have a more pronounced advantage, especially in the electric suv track, which does not have a clear advantage than snugs, pelicans, and cross-carrying models.
Figure 9.6 (20-30] Main hybrid vehicle suv sales (millions) Figure 97 (20-30] Main pure tram suv sales (millions) Figure 98 (20-30] Main hybrid car sales (millions)
Figure 99 (20-30,000) Quantities of primary pure tram sales (millions) (20-30 million) are price bands with higher prices than Yadi sales and larger price bands in incremental space. The public sector, with the technical advantage of dm, has taken absolute leadership in the hybrid model, but the pure tram product is relatively strong.
In the short term, benefiting from a shrinking share of the joint venture brand, an expansion of autonomous brand sales, as an autonomous leader, is expected to have a small increase in the market share of the price belt. In the long run, the company will have a wider penetration space in the price zone as the company’s vehicle layout increases and high-end vehicle prices are explored.
3.4 (30-50] Million price bands: high-end brand image is initially established, and the product matrix continues with the price belt, where the share of joint brands has fallen to 65 per cent, the share of autonomous brands has risen to 24 per cent, the share of imports has fallen to 6 per cent, and the share of Tesla has fallen to 5 per cent.
This price belt, which accounts for 89% of joint fuel trucks, 95% of imported fuel trucks, and a wide space for new energy penetration. At present, joint ventures and imported brands are dominated by fuel trucks, with lower sales of new energy vehicles;
The brand, with its pure electricity and hybrid model, has begun to break out of the price belt, particularly with the hybrid lead. By taking advantage of the new energy leadership, the brand will continue to take over the joint venture fuel market space.
Figure 102 (300-50,000) Price range, power type distribution structure (millions) Figure 104 (300-50,000) Price range, major domestic car stock and sales, about 160,000 Bialdi ' s share of the end market, and ownership of the market
In the future, with the company’s leading technology, brand power, and the introduction of new models, the company is expected to continue to increase its share of joint ventures, with the price of the company’s current sales structure, which is 84% hybrid, 16% pure tram and 16%.
Mostly mpv and suv. In this price range, the company's main position is high and its equation seal brand, with annual sales of nearly 110,000. Equator Leopards play a hard-to-field suv segment, the first full natural month in December 2023, with 5,086 deliveries, over and above the 5065 new energy sources for the branded 500 tanks.
Compared to the competition, the lack of the brand image of the company at this price, the high-quality vehicle supply, the lack of products focused on household users and smart technologies. (30-50) million price zones, user portraits are dominated by middle-class and family, with a greater focus on brand power, space for long-distance family travel and leadership.
Technology and high-quality services. Company brands are slightly weak, quality models are poorly supplied, and only d9dm is in the lead at the blending and fuel mpv segmenting track. In the suv market, purely electric modely brands and technology have a clear edge, with a much stronger experience of luxury services such as es6 and a counter-intelligence companies.
N7 products are weak, Donev's brands are less well-positioned; the perfect definition of household users in the ideal series of hybrid competitions, asking worldm7 intellectuals leads, anti-firm family users are missing, engine platform technology is poor, only equation leopard products show competitiveness.
ev is at a disadvantage in branding, technology, and services, and the hybrid model is less powerful than the fuel competition bba and Cadillac and Volvo.
Diagram 114 mixed-suv market Biadi household products missing (millions); Figure 115 pure-sedi car market with insufficient capacity (millions); Figure 116 mixed-fuel sedan market with insufficient branding capacity (millions)
Follow-up and equation leopards actively enrich the product matrix and create a high-end brand image. According to the product plan, the mpv market company will have d9 and mpv on the flagship of Alpha; in the high-end suv market, the brand will have n7,n8 and n9 products: in the car market, it's going to be pushing for the PBM5 or more.
Benz-e-class executive sedan. Equation Leopard 5-to-square 500, Equation 8-to-square heavy-suv, medium-to-high-end heavy-suv-square-to-square 700, 917-square-to-square-square-square-to-square-square-square-square-to-square-square-square-to-square-square-squares, Leopard 3-to-square-square-to-square-squares.
Figure 117 (30-50) million price ranges, upswing and equation leopard product planning The hard-to-field market is expanding, and the hard-to-reach leopard brands have shown strong competitiveness. Over the last two years, with the emergence of a self-driving and camping culture, our hard-to-land vehicle sales have risen dramatically. In 2022, hard-to-land sales were 206,000.
1 vehicle; in 2023, a total of 245,000 hard-duty Land Cruisers were sold; the market size of hard-pattern Land Cruisers is expected to be 350,000 in 2025. In terms of market patterns, a series of tanks in the Grand Wall in the hard-to-land market in the country, with the main models being 300 tanks, 400 tanks, 500 tanks, and the early North Air Cruiser layout, with the main models being bj40, bj60 and Bj60.
bj80 Series. In December 2023, the first full natural month of the Equation Leopard 5 was delivered 5086, surpassing the standard of 5065 new energy sources for 500 tanks, showing a strong product power. According to the brand product plan, the future Leopard 5, the Leopard 8 and the "583" hard-liners of the Equation Leopard 3 brand are fighting for a hard cross-country market segment.
Figure 118 Size of sales in hard-to-land markets in the country (millions) Figure 119 Main vehicle types in hard-to-land markets in the country (millions)
The price belt, where the share of the North and the South has been shrinking, has dropped to 18%. The price range has been more than 40% and has long been above 15%, leading BMW, Beijing Benz, North and South Toyota, among other brands. In 2011, the North and the South held 61% of the price segment.
In the long run, the profile of the future high-end products of Yadi is much better than that of the future, and the luxuries of branding are expected to rise to the level of the North-South public at a market rate of 30.000 to 50.000.
In the middle and long term, high-end brand images and the competitiveness of pure electricity products determine the public’s ability to compete.
At the end of the year, the Department will be able to reach the market position of the North and South. 3.5 (50-10] million price bands: looking up for brands, new cars, new seats.
The share began to outpace and dominate the import pattern. In 2023, the share of the domestic vehicle market continued to rise by 6 pct to 63%, and the share of the imported vehicle market is expected to continue to shrink. (50-10 million) – fuel-based vehicles are used between price zones, with less than 20% penetration of new energy sources.
This price is lower because of the low distribution of new domestic energy vehicles and the slower transformation of new energy sources from foreign high-end brands. The new energy penetration rate fell from 4 pct to 15% in 2022, with sales of about 110,000. As the domestic vehicle brands go up, adding new energy technologies to the lead, the price belt is lower.
Figure 125 (50-10) million price-zone autonomous brand sales (vehicles) of major competitions, car el, 5 l and suv BMWx5, Mercedes gle dominated, 10,000, suv market BMWx5 and Mercedes gle were in the lead, with a total of four models totalling about 50%.
As Adi’s follow-up product plans show, up-and-up as a new energy high-end brand will target bba users to upgrade their demand for new purchases and capture their share of the traditional bba market. In the face of domestic electric and intelligent reform, a majority of the bba’s model continues to rely on the platform and structure of fuel trucks, giving space to autonomous brands like Biadi.
Chart 12,2022 (50-1.0 million) The price belt, the brand new car with ups and ups, has been placed on the market, gradually filling the price belt, thereby breaking the sales gap. The price belt is late in the company layout and is not yet sold. According to the company’s product plan, the price belt is not yet available.
In addition, the branded product is located at the price band (8 million + 10,000 prices), where the official flagship has been declared.
The car is looking at u7. 3.6 (100+) million price belt: a breakthrough in sales of u8 and a new milestone in the creation of Chinese cars.
(A small expansion of domestic end-market sales between the price range of 1 + 10,000, with a market size of nearly 200,000, which previously accounted for almost 100% of the finals, and a significant increase in the volume of domestic production in 2023, in the volume of u8 and 90 sales in Beijing, leading to an autonomous branding break in the price belt.
(1 million+) 10,000 price zones are predominantly fuel-car-based, with a new energy penetration rate of close to 20% and a larger penetration rate. It is difficult to bring new vehicle products to this price because of the insufficient branding of new domestic energy vehicles; and the slow pace of electric transformation of foreign luxury brands has led to a lower rate of penetration of new energy sources in 2022.
A penetration rate of 19 per cent, with sales of about 26,000, is shown in figure 130 (1 million+) of the 10,000 price range power type sales (millions) versus the share, with Benz, Porsche, BMW taking the lead and increasing concentration, national products, among the major competitions.
The price zone has taken an absolute lead, with the city having reached 38% last year, a decline; the Porsche has risen to 26% and the BMW has increased to 13%. The combined market share of the three has continued to rise and concentration has increased. Moreover, last year, the sales of the u8 reached 1965 and the sales of the 90 in Beijing.
1730 vehicles with high-end state-owned vehicles starting to break. Figure 131 (10+) Size of major brand sales in price zones (millions) Figure 132 (10+) Top three sales in price zones
Figure 133 (10 + 10) Number of Price Zones Cr3 Concentrations Figure 134 (10 + ) Size of Price Zone Country Product Sales (vehicle) (1 + 10 > ) Number of Price Zones with Company Layout looking up to brands and relying on super-technology to make millions of luxury brands.
In January 2023, the company launched a luxury brand look-up and took on the company’s high-end breakthrough, focusing on a lavish new energy market of between $800 and $1.5 million. In branding, it looked to super-technology to build luxury attributes, and the entire vehicle-type platform, the “File Fours” , was able to outpace the fuel-rich brand.
On the other hand, the brands have been placed on the suvu8, million-grade pure electric excess u9 and million-grade new energy flagship u7. In December 2023, the sales were made up of 1593 vehicles, with millions of new energy vehicles first on board. Benz g-1 (including amg) compared to the model.
A cumulative domestic sales volume of 8,749 in November amounted to an average of less than 800 per month.4 Overseas exports were vast, with transport and local construction plants on their own, bringing in thousands. The high volume of global vehicle sales fell in 2017-2022, stabilizing gradually to around 60 million vehicles.
Toyota, the general public, modern cars, etc. have a pre-eminent global advantage, with the top 10 cars out of North America by 2023.
In Japan, India, Western Europe, etc., the size of the vehicle sales is about 10 million. Thus, the market available for China’s vehicle exports is about 10 million.
Figure 136 Size of sales in Western Europe, North America, South Asia in East Asia (millions) Figure 137223 Size of vehicle sales in West Europe, South Asia in East Asia and North America (millions)
From 2018 to 2022, the market share of mass groups declined relatively slightly in the regions of North America, Japan, India, and Western Europe, from 15 per cent to 12 per cent. Toyota’s market share rose relatively from 11 per cent to 14 per cent. Modern automobiles accounted for a similar size of Suzuki cars, and the market share rose from 10 per cent to 13 per cent.
Figure 1382023 shows changes in the share of major cars in Western Europe, South Asia in East Asia, and North America in export regions. Asia-Pacific, Israel, Germany, predominantly in Thailand, Australia, and Latin America, predominantly in Brazil, are currently Biadi’s main export regions. Biadi exported 243,000 vehicles throughout the year in 2023, sub-regions.
The Asia-Pacific region accounts for more than half of the total, Europe for about 70,000, and Latin America for a significant increase. For the sub-regions, Thailand, Brazil, Israel, Australia are now the single overseas country market of Biadi, with sales reaching 30.6 million, 1.77 million, 15,000 and 12,000, respectively, last year, with new energy cars accounting for 29 per cent, 86 per cent, respectively.
6%, 15%. Following Biadi’s strong technological strength and product competitiveness, the penetration rate in the current exporting countries was as follows: Figure 139 Byadi’s export region (millions); Figure 140 Byadi’s main exporting countries’ volume (millions)
After Biadi went out to the sea, insisting on expanding the idea of the number of countries that went out to the sea and perfecting the product matrix, and actively developing the second-growth curve. The number of countries that went out to the sea now reached 60, but the number of countries that sold more than a million made a breakthrough only in Brazil, where the top 10 countries in China exported only 10,000 in Australia and Thailand.
The following companies will focus on Asia and South America, actively developing markets that lack indigenous brands, and friendly relations with China, and expanding the scope of their exports. From a product matrix perspective, Biadi exports are now more homogeneous, with only a series of dynastysies, followed by push, equation leopards, and lookout for different user groups.
Figure 142 China's main vehicle exporting countries (millions) Chart 141 by countries with more than a million car sales (millions) Localized construction plants expand their capacity abroad and raise their maritime capacity from rolling ships. In order to avoid tariff barriers, they reduce their capacity.
Logistics transport costs, the company has planned five overseas production bases for a total capacity of 700,000. Of these, the Thai base, in addition to the Radiological South-East Asia market, is also exported to the United Kingdom and Australia.
Market demand, Brazil’s production base, which is mainly radiates the Brazilian and South American markets. With regard to sea transport layouts, companies are currently commissioning a total of 14 rollers, which, based on a maximum of two months’ transport frequency, are about 1.3 million vehicles per year.
Companies’ exports are generally priced at higher prices than the domestic market, and higher Mäori are making more profits. In overseas markets, Biadi no longer adheres to a low-price swap strategy, but instead uses a brand strategy of "uplifting" to raise the foreign price of vehicles to one or even one and a half times the price of domestic sales, and to raise the brand image with the quality and technology of the product.
For example, the Dutch entry-level dolphin “active” version, worth 29,900 euros, equivalent to about 230,000 yuan, is a national reference of 10,000 yuan. The price of the Hanev Quadrix version is up to 74,400 euros, equivalent to approximately 574,000 yuan. The dollar plus is priced at 799,000 Mexican dollars, equivalent to about 330,000 yuan, and is sold in Brazil at a cost of R$ 229,800.
RMB335,000. Compared to the Great Wall ' s car export business, the average value of the Wall ' s vehicle exports in 2022 was 153,000 bicycles, higher than the domestic average of 122,000 bicycles, and the foreign rate of 27.1 per cent, higher than the domestic figure of 146 Wall ' s exports compared to the domestic value of bicycles versus the domestic rate of Maori.
In summary, the export market price rises so much that it will create a second growth curve for corporate profits. From a short-term perspective, companies are about 10,000. From a forward perspective, Biadei in non-East Asia, North America, and Western Europe will compete directly with global car companies like the general public, Toyota, given the company ' s technological and cost advantages in the new energy sector, compared to Suzuki Cars of the same size.
The market share of Biadi is expected to be about 10%. On the one-car net profit side, considering that foreign sales are about 1.5 times the price of domestic sales, the net export gain is expected to be 20-30 million.
At the same time, the share of joint and fuel brands in the market continues to decline, and the restructuring of the market has given power-driven car markets greater market space. The company has an autonomous 29% share of the price range of 100,000 to 200,000, which accounts for a further increase in domestic product power, and a steady increase in the sales of the basic stock of support companies.
The Leopard 5 and the u9 high-end vehicles have achieved remarkable results, the company’s high-end brand image has been created, and the volume of products sold and the value of bicycles are expected to rise. Moreover, the overseas market is vast, and companies have built new capacity in places like Thailand, Hungary, Brazil, etc., to support companies’ strategy to get out of the sea.
Based on the sw car industry classification, the car fleet, the Chang An car, the Broad Gas group, the Wall, the Great Wall car, the guitar car were selected as comparable companies, with a comparable average of 16.6.13.1/10.6 for 2023-2025 and 20.9/14.3/10.8 for Bia Dipe. Biadi is the global leader of new energy vehicles compared to comparable companies.
Having a leading technological advantage and cost advantage, coupled with the gradual upgrading of basic disk products in 2024, and the subsequent listing of high-end luxury vehicles, will be a powerful boost to corporate profitability. Thus, companype values are higher than industry averages, covering for the first time, with a “buy-in” rating.
National tariff policies for export purposes, international political relations, local channel construction and distribution of recharge facilities, consumer recognition of electric cars all affect the company’s seaboard process, resulting in less than anticipated export and higher-end processes. High-end products are influenced by soft power such as cultural accumulation, brand value, etc.
Domestic manufacturers, joint venture importers, and higher-end products, have become more competitive in the market, which may affect the company’s high level of joint venture counter-activities, which affect the company’s basic turnover. The joint venture’s profitability and competitive price advantages have led to constant attention to the risk that the joint venture will use price wars to counter-strike.
Tianma, Rui Sao Scientology, who holds positions in strategic, market, product and research core sectors, has many years of experience in primary and secondary markets, has a multilatitude research perspective and deep insight into electricity + automobiles/industry + finance, and has full coverage in the automobile industry.
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.