q2 continued high growth, laying the basis for year-round performance The semi-annual performance of Shanxi Wine (600809), 2021, was evaluated: the company issued a semi-annual performance increase announcement for 2021. The company is expected to be operating separately in 2021h1.
q2 performance continues to grow in a flexible manner, laying the basis for performance throughout the year.
Corporate revenue and net return profits increased by 77.11 per cent and 78.16 per cent, respectively, and opened the door. 2021q2 performance continued to grow flexibly, laying a solid foundation for the growth of company performance throughout the year
By category, the company adheres to its product strategy of “catching two sides and bringing the middle” and constantly optimizes the product structure, gradually promotes the development of high-end products, and the product prices are steadily moving forward. At present, the flower and the botanium are almost at par, and Panama has achieved a favourable price.
For example, it is expected that products such as the old whites will become more dynamic in the process of favourable prices. For example, in accordance with the “1357” market layout strategy, the company is actively developing the provincial market, and the regional layout is gradually being optimized. The company is currently focusing heavily on the market around the mountains.
Core markets at the long triangle, bead triangle, bay conglomerate and county level, around the west and south. Optimizing marketing organizational structures and improving channels. Companies continue to optimize marketing organization.
In terms of access, the company has increased the scope of the network, and the number of controlled terminals in the country's market has reached 1 million, and the channels have been fine-tuned.
In the year of the start of the four-fifths, the company will continue its “quick” approach over the next five years, leading to three steps in its marketing reforms. The first phase (2021) will be a marketing adjustment period, which will gradually address the reforms, expand out-of-provincial markets and generate income from personalized brands; and the third phase (2023-2025).
To speed up the development period, the market layout of 1357 is fully completed, and the goal of high-end and nationalization of the product channel is pursued.
A step-by-step increase. A strong performance of 2021h1 provides a solid basis for the growth of the company's performance throughout the year.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.