High flag of Qingixiang, “Cyanflowers” leading the way, The Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) incident company issued an advance performance announcement for the first half of 2021 (compared to the mandatory disclosure data)
H1 income is expected to exceed 10 billion, q2 income and net profit from belonging is expected to grow at a high rate, “III prognosis, 21q2 operating income is expected to reach more than 1 million controlled terminals (based on a comparison of statutory disclosure data), and nationalization accelerates around “1357+10”
The market is structured in such a way as to strengthen the provincial development base, accelerate the expansion of the out-of-town market, and optimize the structure and channels of the distributors. As of 21h1, the number of controlled terminal points in the national market reached 1 million, an increase of 150,000 over the six months of 2020 (850,000).
On the other hand, the core market south of the Yangtze has grown at a rate of more than 50 per cent, and the market has grown at a high rate.
The South has seen a significant increase in revenues, and it is expected that the ratio of outside markets will continue to rise. It is hoped that the product structure will be further optimized and that the companies implementing the high-end strategy will continue to adhere to the strategic position of the “Chinese spirit of wine, living spirits” and raise the flag of lasciviousness and cultural leadership.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan, the company insisted on a medium- and high-end development path, initiating the implementation of quality brand management, structural restructuring, and the promotion of the brand of Cinderella. In 2020, the sales of high-end products increased significantly, by more than 30%.
On July 6th, a super-high-end brand, recommended for retail sale at $3199, was released in Shanghai by the Chinese dragon. This is the top-up of the product after the 30th.
A major initiative. At the same time, there has been a steady growth in the Great and Healthy Bamboo industry, with a significant volume of alcohol sales: Māori rates and net interest rate changes in the company ' s single quarter from 2017 to the present, and figure 3: Indicators of growth capacity, profitability and ability to operate (first quarter, single quarter)
Figure 4: Indicators of growth, profitability and ability to operate (yearly) I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.