High growth in performance, with the young flowers leading the core increment Investment rating: Increase (maintain) in the release of Shanxi Liquor, yielding $12.12 billion in the first half of 2021, an increase of 75.5 per cent.
Realization of a net return to the mother of $3.54 billion, with an increase of 117.5 per cent, a Māori rate of 74.99 per cent, a similar increase of 3.19 pct, a significant contribution of product structural upgrading to Māori, a sales cost rate of 16.74 per cent, a decrease of 3.37 pct, a management cost rate of 3.96 per cent and a reduction of 2.47 pct, with a significant fall in the cost rate over the period plus the Māori rate
Q2 split in 2021, yielding $4.79 billion, an increase of 73.2 per cent, and net return to the mother at the same rate of 3.3/2.7 pct, releasing profit elasticity, q1 net interest rate of 29.13 per cent, corresponding to 3147 vendors, while the country's empty market spots continued to progress.
• 76 per cent of the same increase in the production of h1 cerebral wine, more than 60 per cent of the total number of households living outside the province. There has been a steady and rapid upturn in revenues in the Rimxi market and in the South; there has been a near-double increase in the market of H1 Xianghuadong and more than double the growth in the south of China, including in Guangdong;
By the end of August, around 80 to 90% of the country’s jobs had been completed, and it is expected that the entire year will be completed by mid-autumn.
*The Qinghua structure, the upper-middle-high-controlled base, the Qinghua price system has entered a cycle of positive channels. Currently, the Qin20 batch is 350 +, the Qing30 batch is 750 + and the Qing30 Renaissance edition is about 900; the Qing30 recovery edition is:
The core price of the bottle for the 1455s, with a large single price of $859, is now in the process of fast-growing fee collectors, strong brands of wine, successful recovery offers, and the market in Beijing's highlands has generated rapid sales, opening up the price space for the top 20 and increasing rapidly.
Long. We believe that the medium- and long-term outlook for the recovery can be 10 billion monoliths, the advantages of which are: 1) the young 30 market price is raised from 600 to 800; 2) the brand of rum is strong enough to support its 1,000-dollar product; 3) the quality of the wine is very damaging, and it can be drunk.
It's hard enough to be sticky; 4) it's independent. We think that the Saffron is still in the production phase of the life cycle core growth, with the next phase focusing on the break-up of the 30-year revival in the Beijing Highlands market, and that the break-up of the Beijing market is expected to lead to the popularization of the North China market, which in turn will lead to the growth of the East China market.
Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh): The profit spreads over the South Market; h1 bogus increases by about 40%, and is expected to grow beyond expectations due to product structure, capacity, etc.
Company-controlled bottom-level product strategy; h1 medium- and high-end Panama, recovery under the low base of the old white platinum; Shanxi wine (60809.sh): continuation of super-predicted growth, with blue flowers leading core growth
• Fourteen-five marketing phase III development, with 13344 marketing reform plans. The company divided the fourteen-five marketing phase into three phases: 1) 2021 addressing the distribution structure, development, especially the significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze, achieving a double-scale rise in the size of the almond village, and opening it up.
(iii) Rapid growth in the size of the flowers in 2024-2025, mutual support of the almonds villages and full realization of the 135 market (Sanxi+Kingjin, Shiru, , southeast, two lakes, north-east, north-west 5 small market)
The marketing strategy promotes the 13344 project, which focuses on marketing reform through the establishment of a marketing centre for rum, which focuses on marketing in the circle, brand focus, inter-country development, and branding with two strong waists (of which the 30th Renaissance edition raises the brand's profile).
In addition, during the 14-year period, companies have been working on price-making and branding, and the speed and effectiveness of their efforts are still to be observed.
In the new five-year period, we're looking forward to a sustained growth rate. The company's 2021 q2 profit end is more than anticipated, its line of products is constantly upscaled, looking forward to 145, and the company's product, region, marketing and other strategies are positive, maintaining a profit forecast for 2021-2023 and estimating revenue.
Focusing on the uplifting of the sunflowers and the steady growth of the high-light bottle of wine, they are expected to be high-end wine representatives in the north; at the channel level, continued fission, mixed dividends are expected to continue to be released; at the regional level, the extra-provincial expansion has become more national; at the financial end, the upward shift in product structure is expected to continue to push up net interest rates.
The company is still in its long-term core, with high levels of certainty in its performance, and recent valuations have fallen significantly in medium- to long-term values, maintaining a “growth” rating. 1) Saffrons, bountiful sales are not as high as expected; 2) subsidence in the province, out-of-area expansion is not as high as expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.