Structural upgrades continued, with an increase in the provincial share - semi-annual review in 2021 of Shanxi Liquor (600809), which achieved business income of $12.19 billion in the first half of the year, a 75.50 per cent increase in the same year.
The net profit of the parent company was 3,544 million yuan, an increase of 117.53 per cent in the same year. Of these, operating income and performance continued to increase at a high rate and profitability in the second quarter.
117.53 per cent, mainly as a result of the firm ' s strategy of further refining its product structure and promoting product up-scaling. 16.74 per cent, the drop in sales costs was mainly due to higher revenue than sales costs, while in the second quarter, the company ' s reduction in out-of-saving costs was accompanied by a decrease in management costs of 2.46 percentage points to 3.96 per cent and a higher net interest rate.
Auyang Woo Sword Billion, mainly due to the increase in current revenue, the increase in cash received, the return of $6,271 million in sales in the second quarter, an increase of 74.06 per cent over the same period, and the positive cash flow.
Ho cosmology is going well, with 60% of heyuhang@cczq.com
According to the product, the sauna was raised by 76.07 per cent, or 91.86 per cent, with a sharp income of about $4 billion, and a doubling of the projected growth of 20 saunas, 30 and a half in Beijing.
147.78% of them have doubled their growth, and the number of bounties has increased by about 60%.
From 685 families and from 211 to 2462 foreign distributors, a total of 3147. Companies have deepened the “1357+10” market layout, extended the markets for the Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle economy belt, and the South has completed the China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment, which has become the city's High New Zone Accompaniment Avenue.
In the second half of the year, companies will accelerate the push for a "two-wheel drive" and increase the expansion of the domestic and foreign markets.
In the long run, the company has focused on a series of young flowers, and the product structure has been optimized in the provinces and abroad.
The goal of 30% growth is expected to be achieved successfully, with accelerated development and nationalization progressing steadily. The company’s rating system is maintained, information on legal compliance is used, and the report is presented independently and objectively.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, and has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
The company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the opinions, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values, and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For other professionals in the company (including but not limited to salesmen, traders), based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance, this document contains analytical comments or trade views that are not consistent with this report.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up on the corresponding updates or modifications.The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are only for the information of investors and not for the purchase or sale of securities or their sale.
This view, the proposal, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the persons to be covered by this report, and consults with any professional financial consultant in the areas of finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of future relevant studies in this report and the Division. The company and the author will not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.