Shanxi's wine continues to run fast, and two quarters of the performance is higher than expected, and the Division's push for a high-end strategy, and we've judged that the flower is growing faster, and that the brand is very strong.
The Renaissance Queen 30 is worth a thousand-dollar band, pulls the top 20 sales, and earns more than expected. The Renaissance Quantico Quantico is worth a thousand-dollar band, consistent with the image of the wine, making prices and products.
The virtuous cycle of cards, which also boosts the sales of 20 years old, we judge 20 years of age to grow at a faster rate. (2) Old whites, boars, etc., are also expected to grow faster, and the series of wines are in a state of adjustment. (3) The healthy industry of bamboo leaves is growing steadily, and there is a significant increase in the sale of alcohol, taking into account the age of bamboo leaves.
It is the rare national name of health alcohol, the scarcity of brands, and future developments that are worth looking forward to. (4) The company has accelerated the expansion of out-of-provincial markets, with a total of 1 million controlled terminals in the national market, and the ring continues to grow significantly from 850,000 at the end of the 20th century.
Revenue growth is significant, and we judge that the share of out-of-town income is expected to continue to rise. (5) Given the fact that sales are now well ahead of annual planning, we judge that the pace of growth in the second half of the year is likely to slow appropriately and will continue to outpace the industry for the 1455s. (1) In the last 5 years, the wine has been able to reach $50 and $500.
In the history of white wine development, both of these completely different product prices have been successful at the same time. At the same time, among the primary products of sub-highly famous wine, Xian30 is a rare variety that can double the price of a batch. Both of these are proof of the strong brand power of rum.
The layout of the 1,000-dollar price belt, or the jap industry, is to be expected. According to the performance statement, the chairman of the board proposed a development strategy for the parchment, a two-wheel drive, a 10-year catch-up, a vision of ten to forty-five, and the wine is expected to grow faster and continue beyond the industry.
Upgraded, performance is expected to continue to outpace expectations, benefiting from increased awareness of the salami class, high growth, and the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected.
Shanxi Wine: Overperformance, 14-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
Food and beverages: beverage manufacturing