High-end and nationalization, strong revival of the southwest securities research and development centre.
Saffrons continue to grow high and the product structure optimizes. 1. The first half of the series has doubled, from 30 per cent last year to about 40 per cent today, and has led to an accelerated upgrading of the product structure.
Growth; continued corporate control over the botanium, which slowed down in the second quarter; and it is worth noting that bamboo leaf is the rare national wine in health-care alcohol, which has grown significantly in the first half of the year, and that it is driven by a two-wheel drive of bamboo and wine.
At a strong price position, the terminal value was more than $1,000, and the grouping and circle marketing were carried out in an orderly manner; at the same time, in July 2021, the company launched a super-high-end green flower, 40 Chinese dragons, with a price of $3199, and a super-high-end product, which was further elevated to the height of the high-end wine brand to support the recovery.
Nationalization has expanded well, with a significant increase in controlable terminals. 1. From a regional perspective, income from the south of the Yangtze, which is represented by the Golden Triangle, has doubled, and wine has expanded rapidly across the country.
Headlines continue to grow. 2 The company’s market layout around the “1357+10” has pushed down channels in the West End market, steadily promoted the marketing of new markets south, north-west and south-west of the Yangtze River, and nationalized expansion has progressed well. 3 The first half of the year, in the context of the strong revival of wine and the effects of the glorification of wine, has been a national network of controlled terminals.
The number of points has surpassed 1 million, with substantial improvements in channel distribution and end-control. The brand power has accelerated release, high-end growth has gone hand-in-hand with nationalization, and the wine has rejuvenated.
At the same time, the focus on breeding the bamboo leaf has increased significantly, and the two-wheel drive of the rum has been sufficiently dynamic to sustain growth.2 In emerging markets, such as the Yangtze River, there has been a continuous high growth, a rapid increase in the number of distributors and direct-control terminals, and an expansion of nationalization.3 It is important to note that the stocking and marketing of the rum are now in a virtuous circle.
Brand power is also at an accelerated release stage, with wines of high quality, dynamic marketing and sustainable growth, and future distribution of wines (60809): performance continues to outpace expectations and rejuvenate (2021-04-27)
3. Shanxi wine (60809): brands are growing, wine is on the way to rejuvenation (2021-01-08) Shanxi wine (60809): green flowers are at the same price as balconies.
Up, sustained high growth in the provinces (2020-10-30) Shanxi wine (60809): back to high growth in the flowers and continued growth in the markets in the provinces (2020-08-25)
1) Benefiting from the release of brand power and the development of channels, the continuous growth of the Saffron series, Panama's series of imported out-of-provincial market releases, the maintenance of low growth in the old white platinum, a significant increase in the high demand for bologna value, the projected sales of rum in 2021-2023 compared to 2) The low base of the series under the shock of the epidemic last year, accompanied by a steady recovery in demand, is expected to achieve rapid release and is expected to be achieved
3) In the next three years, the wine-priced youth series is expected to grow at a high rate, with the prospect of replicating the development model of the bogus, and it is expected that 4) benefits from a successful brand release and nationalization expansion, with revenue and profit booming in 2021; and, at the same time, a significant scale effect of this expansion will result in sustained improvements in management and marketing efficiency, with marginal cost rates decreasing.
Table: Sub-operational income and Māori rate No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.