There's a clear nationalization of the market harvest.
Market harvest effects are evident, increased profitability, advance receipts and cash flows are bright. 21H1 net interest rate structure further shifts while q2 discounts decrease. q2 taxes and surcharges fall by 7.5 pct. q2 below provincial input and sales costs fall by 3.31 pct to 14.89 per cent on the same basis as sales under sales stands, and administrative costs
There is a strong willingness to return the money, and there is a strong increase in the volume and structure of the product, as well as an increase in the growth of the bamboo leaf. 21H1 Liquor/Ling is well-bred for sale. The first half of the year is still a year of high harvests, catching the middle of the two bands.
The product strategy has continued, with the expected increase in the 20-fold increase in the share of Saffron income to around 35%, the growth in the old white platinum and the low Panamanian base, and the increase in the price increases in Bolivia, which have been sustained by the acceleration of development in the provinces and the high increase in the nationalization process.
On the right, the built-in growth is continuously validated. Market expansion in 1357+10 is clear, and channels are fine and tight, and then marketing organizations are strong enough to ensure channel thrust, conservation, expansion, and a steady breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze River.
There are more than 1 million controlled terminals. The increase in the rate of recruitment and repurchase in the empty market will continue to make a relatively significant contribution, with the Xianhua Renaissance leading to a new high end, with a 1,000-dollar price dividend.
The company has set a 30-four-step target of catching the state cellar, 1573, 1573, the third, the fifth, the fourth, and the fourth. At the current 1,000-dollar mark, there is a desire to become a fast-paced price belt for white wine, which dominates both the fragrance and brand names.
The 21-year target is expected to be exceeded, and the rejuvenation is under way. On the basis of the increase in the first half of the year, the company total, the Shanxi Wine Annual and a quarterly review: the 30% growth target for the first quarter is likely to be exceeded.
In the second half of the year, it will continue to promote better marketing structures, structural upgrades, and the promotion of the Saffron 30 Renaissance.
Goodness, return growth, etc., will be maintained at a faster level, and cost optimization and amplification will further boost corporate profitability,2 Shanxi Liquor Stocktaking: There is still plenty of room for growth, investment proposals: Nationalization of companies is well under way, and extra-provincial regional expansion and penetration is still more than sufficient.
The three-quarterly review of Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) reports that the Qinghua Renaissance has set up a high-level leadership position and that the business situation continues to be positive. The upscaling has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.