q2 performance continued to grow flexibly and profitability increased significantly The semi-annual performance evaluation of Shanxi wine (60809) 2021: the company published its semi-annual report for 2021.
Wei Hongmei's q2 performance continues to grow in a flexible manner, and the year-round collection target is expected to be exceeded. As the epidemic unfolds, the company's performance has grown strongly since the beginning of the year.
Business income grew by 77.11% and return net profits by 78.16%, respectively. High-elastic growth continued on the basis of the low base, with the return net profit rising faster than expected.
In 2021h1, the company collected 66.64% of the total year’s work. As business progresses steadily in the second half of the year, roe (ttm) expects that the company’s year-round collection target will be exceeded.
At present, the company is maintaining its product strategy of “catching flowers, strong waists, and stable bounties,” and is continuing to consolidate the advantages of upgrading the wine, while the product structure is constantly improving. 2021h1, the wine generates business income of 11,034 million yuan, an increase of 76.07%.
Building on the upgrading of the company’s structure, the wine-making process, which is represented by bamboo leaf, has gained momentum in the first half of the year. 2021h1, the wine-making industry has generated operating revenues of $672 million, which has expanded further than the growth market outside the province, and power lines have steadily advanced.
The “1357+10” market layout, based on the development of intra-provincial operations, actively expands out-of-provincial markets and deepens the markets of the long triangles and bead triangles. 2021h1, the out-of-provincial markets contribute $7,294 million to companies, representing an increase of 96.92 per cent over the same period, with sales accounting for 60.19 per cent.
Agent is the company’s main sales channel. In 2021h1, the company’s agent channel generated operating income of 11,147 million yuan, an increase of 87.51 per cent over the same period. While developing business under the line, the company has gradually deployed its business online, which has now yielded some results.
First in sales, third in sales at the official flag shop of cat wine. 2021h1, the company's power provider achieved $530 million in operating revenue, an increase of 94.04 per cent over the same period. The product structure upgrade boosts the profitability of the company q2.
The company’s profitability has increased significantly in the case of q2. 2021q2, the company’s Māori rate is 77.22 per cent at the same point; the management cost rate is 5.06 per cent, a decrease of 2.70 percentage points in the same year; and the financial cost rate is the same as that of the BJD, which will continue its “speed of wine” in the next five years, with three steps towards marketing reform.
Previously, the strategy for upgrading and nationalizing the company's product structure was clear, and performance was expected to grow flexibly.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.