Continued over-expected growth at the profit end, with sunflowers leading the core increment Investment rating: upscaling (maintenance) • returns from major provinces are faster and performance is higher than expected
At the end of year q2, the central market of the Riksdag, represented by Hebei, Shanxi and Shandong, is expected to make progress towards nationalization, with an expected or steady increase to 60 per cent + outside of H1 province, further up from 43:57 at the end of 2020, with pan-regionalization advancing steadily towards nationalization.
The company's Saffron series of Saffron 30 Renaissance has a good sales trend, the price of the Saffron is in a positive circle, the channels are positive, and the Saffron earns 35% or more.
The Renaissance setup has a thousand-dollar price belt, and the 30-year-old recovery is the core of the 14-year-old wine, with a large single item, $859 for the factory, 900-plus for the group now, a strong brand, and a smooth return from the Renaissance vendor, which is expected to be over $1 billion at the beginning of the year.
We believe that the recovery version offers a long-term outlook of 10 billion monoliths, the advantage of which is that: 1) there is little impact on the marketing of the 30-percent market price from 600 to 800-plus; 2) there is enough branding power to support it in thousands of dollars.
Prices carry products; 3) salami-like quality and taste, which can produce a certain degree of stickyness after drinking; 4) Slate 30 operates independently. We believe that Saffron is still at the core of the product’s life cycle, and that it is hoped that China’s North-South market will become popular from Beijing, leading to the South-East China market.
Six months ago, some of the markets represented in North China grew at a high rate under a low 20-year base, with a recovery version of the capital, a product strategy to control the bottom, and a rapid growth of resilience under a low-level middle-end Panama, an old white man, and a number of blooms.
• Fourteen-five marketing phase III development with 13344 marketing reform programme. 1. Shanxi wine (600809.sh): Continuation of superpregnosis. 14-five marketing was divided into three phases: 1) 2021 to address the distribution structure,
Growth, growth led by Xiaohua, significant breakthroughs in the south of the Yangtze market, double-scale rise in the size of the village of almonds, and salivant (60809.sh): high profit margins.
Taku International Markets: 3) Accelerated growth of the size of the flower in 2024-2025, mutual support of the village of almonds and full realization of the 135 market (Sanxi+Kingjin Tablets, Shiru Tablets, Chamong Tablets+Gang Dynasty, South East, Two Lakes, North East, North West 5 Small Part Markets)
The marketing strategy promotes the 13344 project, which focuses on marketing reform through the establishment of a marketing centre for rum, which focuses on marketing in the circle, brand focus, inter-country development, and branding with two strong waists (of which the 30th Renaissance edition raises the brand's profile).
In addition, during the 14-year period, the company has been working on the development of a bamboo brand, and the speed and effectiveness of the drive is still to be observed.
The company’s 2021 q2 profit end and its higher expectations, its growing product structure, looking forward to 1455, its products, regions, and double. We believe that the end of the product, its focus is on the upwards of the flower and the steady growth of the high light bottle of wine.
Saffrons are expected to be high-end wine representatives in the north; at the channel level, the continued fission of the strategy and the mixed dividends are expected to be released continuously; at the regional level, the extra-provincial expansion is dynamic and nationalized; at the financial end, the product structure moves upwards with the expectation of sustained upscaling of net interest rates, and companies are still in the long-term core stage, with high levels of certainty of performance.
The recent decline in valuations has been marked in the medium- to long-term and has been marked by the maintenance of an “upgrading” rating. 1) Saffrons, bouncing sales have fallen short of expectations; 2) Downfalls in the province and out-of-area expansion have fallen short of expectations. 2) Using information of legal compliance, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from market public sources, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.