Shanxi wine. Critical event review. 13th of July 2021.
21q2 performance continues to be over-expected, and the Qinghua series leads to higher income.
51% of the company ' s shareholdings, restatement of semi-annual data for 2020 according to the accounting standards. After restatement, 21h1 companies are expected to achieve the receiving country food beverage view: 1) 21q2 continues to outperform their performance, with significant increases in net interest rates, high levels of lead income in the ceremonial series and steady progress in high-end progress; 2) continued positive returns and sales, with 21h2 cerebral and waist sales expected to contribute to steady income growth and net interest rates expected to remain relatively high; 3) Qingqian
(d) Investment proposals: take good note of the continued release and high-end and nationalization of the Qingchang brand, with companies expected to continue to grow in profitability over the next few years, prior to the upward forecast of profits, the company ' s performance continued to exceed expectations in battalion 2021-2023 21q2, with significant increases in net interest rates, high revenues in the Qinghua series and steady progress in high-end growth.
Performance continues to outpace expectations. The rate of growth is faster than the rate of revenue growth, which is due, on the one hand, to the acceleration of outreach on the basis of the consolidation of the provincial interior and the significant increase in revenues from the market in the Rimxi market and the southern city; and, on the other hand, to the steady growth in product upscaling, which has led to a steady improvement in the sales trend of the Saffron series, driven by the boom in the recovery of the 30th edition, which is associated with cost efficiency gains and the pace of tax recognition (20q2 as a result of the increasing consumption tax base as a result of the resumption of alcohol production and 21q1 starting a gradual return to normality).
According to the source feedback, 21h1 distributors have a recovery market price of $859/bottles and a final exchange price of approximately $980-1100/bottle, which is expected to be imported into the core channel in July.
The 21-year revenue target is 30%, taking into account the return to normal income base in the second half of the year, and the normal slowdown in the 21h2 corporate income growth loops, but the continuation of the flower series and the beginning of the spread of waist products are expected to lead to steady product structural upgrading and robust income growth, with a steady rise in Māori rates and net interest rates throughout the year. Meanwhile, taking into account that the company is in a period of market expansion, with continued spending in the second half of the year, net interest rates of 21H2 are expected to remain high, although they are not being reported.
Greenflowers lead the way for brands to continue upwards, high growth in medium- and high-end products is expected to continue, nationalization is accelerated, companies are well-functioning and brands are constantly up. The growth of medium- and higher-end products has been rapid, and the value of green flowers is now well over 30, and as the channels are gradually expanded and nationalized, the momentum is expected to continue on the basis of industry convergence and good marketing.
Products and low-end boulders have also been successful in achieving a favourable price and maintaining good momentum. The company continues to work at prices above $1,000. On July 5, the company released Qinghua 40-China Dragons in Shanghai, recommending a retail price of $3199/bottles, which are super-high-end swords and continue to raise brand value.
Investment proposal: Seeing the continued release and high-end and nationalization of the Qingixiang brand, the previous profit forecast is being revised upwards, the `buy-in' rating of 21q2 continues to be over-expected to validate the company's growth momentum and drive for positive marketing. The company, as a Qingixiang-type white wine tap, is increasingly releasing branding, high-ending, and nationalization is advancing steadily, with the continuing industrial landscape and rising consumption trends, and high growth in medium- and high-end products is expected to continue, leading to steady growth in the company's range of products.
Subtract in macroeconomics; less than expected nationalization in the 30th recovery edition; less than expected outreach outside the province. Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions