The Sini Sanctuary is a powerful two-wheel drive, and the wine continues to accelerate.
The company published a semi-annual report stating that the net profit attributable to the parent owner in the first half of the year was 3,544 million yuan, and that the continued high rate of revenue in q2 was consistent with the performance forecast. In the first half of the year, income of 1,2119 million yuan was achieved, with an increase in the same volume and an increase in the product structure.
The growth of Ye Qing's healthy industry is strong, as can be seen in the second engine, which has generated 110.34/3.06/6072 million yuan, respectively, compared to the “1357+10” market layout, and the deep expansion of the markets in the Long Triangle and Pearl Triangle.
The increase in the core markets of the South was much higher than the average increase in the national market, with more than 60 per cent of sales out of the province and 4718/794 million in the Shanxi province/out of the province, representing an increase of 50.64 per cent/96.92 per cent in the same year, in addition to the 685 dealers in the 2021h1 province and 2,462 in the provinces.
There are 251, and the share of dealers outside the province is high, with a significant national increase in wines and wines, leading to an increase in net interest rates. The company insists on “bringing flowers, hips, stability net asset yields: 35.09%”
The product strategy, which continues to consolidate the advantage of the Qinghua Liquor, maintains a high-end branding position of “A voice for a high quality of life” and has been effectively enhanced in the first half of this year. 2021h1 increased by 3.29 pct over the same period, mainly as a result of the increase in the structure of the product through the use of the Qinghua; and the cost rate for the period.
The momentum is strong, with 20 billion yuan in the year ahead. In 2021, the \triangleright \triangleright \St.A.
The opening year was also a crucial period for strategic renewal. The first half of the year was over 10 billion, and we believe that product high-end, market nationalization, double-wheel drive were the main drivers behind the first half of the year’s growth in revenue and net profits. In the second half of the year, it was expected that 20 billion yuan would be exceeded: one was.
A two-wheel drive will be accelerated to enhance the expansion of domestic and foreign markets for the integrated operation of the youth industry; second, to further strengthen and upgrade corporate governance for the world's leading enterprises; and, third, to keep the whole idea of industrial development alive and sustainable.
Continuation of the development of projects such as the original food base, the packaging of the printing base, the almond village winer, and so on; fourth, the guarantee of industrial support, the promotion of productive capacity expansion and the consolidation of the foundations of high-quality development; fifth, the constant push for digital intelligence transformation and the creation of “smart wine”.
In 2020, a new breakthrough was actively sought in the context of a new competition. The emphasis was on upgrading, building a new product called "The Blue Flower \triangleright 30 Renaissance", "The Blue Bamboo" and "The Two Wheels" of "The Blue Liquor and the Blue Bamboo."
In 2021, the first year of the "14th Five" was marked by a 75.51% increase in income in the first half of the year, with growth targets of around 30% of the year being determined.
The risk of the epidemic being over-expected, the pace of reform of state enterprises falling short of expectations, the expansion outside the country, the level of ambition, and the independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use my identity, status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.