The product structure continues to be optimized, with high growth in the first half of the year - the semi-annual performance forecast for 2021 for Shanxi wine (600809).
High-end and nationalization has accelerated, and performance has continued at a high rate.
The trend has been positive, with a 20-per-cent increase in the use of the core monolith and 30-percent increase in the second quarter, which is expected to be over 100 per cent. On the product side, the company has accelerated the launch of a project for the Great Health Industry of Bamboo Leaf and improved the market layout of the “631” priority market;
In branding, the overall architecture of the "2+2" brand is fully constructed, with a sustained push for the "two wheel drive" of the rum and bamboo leaf to build the "Apricot Village" and series of wine brands; through, the deepening of the "1357+10" market layout, the promotion of the south of the Yangtze market, the creation of a core market, the acceleration of the expansion of the out-of-provincial market, and a quarterly out-of-provincial ratio
Heyuhang@cczq.com
In 2021, the wine will fully implement a 258-growth strategy that will promote the high quality of the wine and will lead to a better collection and a relatively good overall stock.
A new operating model for high-end products. Over the long term, companies are focusing on the Saffron series, with a better product structure 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, with accelerated development outside the province and steady progress towards nationalization, and the 30% growth target is expected to be successfully achieved throughout the year.
Hsien Hsien Fukuda Fukuwa, the tax-free company.
The net profits of company shareholders were 48.85, 67.92 and 8,973 million yuan: ps 4.00, Chengdu China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone into Urban High New Zone Boulevard.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.