I'm reporting this for the performance forecast.
On July 13, 2021, o2 camp harvests continued to increase, and profit supermarkets expected. Revenues of $11.73 billion were realized in the first half of the year.
The sales trend has been positive, with an increase of 150 per cent in the first half of the year, 80-90 per cent in the old white gin, 70 per cent in the tidal wave, and two increases in Panama; and, second, an intensive effort to develop the provincial base around the “1357+10” market layout.
Basic data: Net interest rate q2 increased significantly on December 31, 2020, mainly due to the high rate of growth of mahogany, and the high rate of growth of the Quasa.
The share is rising, and the share of flowers is expected to be over 35%; the second is the cost and efficiency gains resulting from the scale effect; and the third is the fall in the consumer tax rate and the profit. The 14th is divided into three phases, with a clear development strategy.
The beginning of the year is also a crucial period for the strategic revival of rum. Actively promoting effective deployments by companies and striving to achieve business income growth of around 30% over the previous year.
At the same time, Tianshanxi Securities Co. Ltd. has been promoting a comprehensive “13344” marketing reform campaign, promoting the development of a new stage in the marketing system. Specifically, the first phase: 2021 is a period of deep adjustment in the marketing of rum.
One year to address the issue of distributors highlighted in the three-year reform of the marketing of rum; second phase: 2022-2023 was a transitional period for the reform of wine, with two years to achieve high-quality, high-speed development in the provinces and cities, a significant breakthrough in the south of the Yangtze market and the realization of the village of almonds
New breakthroughs in the development of the current international market through the increasing scale and quality of personalized brand sales; phase III: 2024-2025: accelerated marketing of wine; extension of two years to achieve a historic breakthrough in the size of the ceremonial bourbon, largely achieved
In order to ensure that the objectives of the 14th Five-Year Plan are fully achieved, the rums are equipped with a “13344” marketing action plan, of which “1” is a system and the marketing system is integrated; and the first “3” is integrated.
Three strategies; a second “three”, three tasks; a first “four”, four principles; and a second “four”, four guarantees.
\triangleright 30th Renaissance, \tangleright, \twilight, \twilight, \twilight, \twilight, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty, \twirty. 2021 is the year of the accelerated national brand development process.
The risk of the epidemic being over-expected, the pace of reform of state enterprises falling short of expectations, the expansion outside the country, the level of ambition, and the independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to use my identity, status.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.