The main industry has maintained a high rate of growth and demand for core products, and the semi-annual performance forecast for 2021 for Shanxi wine (600809).
\triangleright \triangleright \ with 51% shareholding in 2020 by companies in the Liquor Development Area of the Shanxi Apricot Group, based on relevant accounting
Reforms and upgrading of world-class management have been remarkable in terms of modern corporate governance, the building of industrial chains, and intellectual wine. (2) Further tightening of intra-provincial markets and accelerating the expansion of out-of-provincial markets.
In addition, the company has actively promoted product up-scaling strategies, with a high-end series of high-end ceremonial wines being sold on a positive basis, driven by the 30th Saffron (Recovery) series; and the growing growth in the healthy industry and the production of alcohol.
Corporate systems are building an internationalized marketing system, and overseas markets are growing rapidly. "135" has been successfully closed and looks forward to the "145" new development \triangleright
Thirteen-five is a critical period for reform, with companies actively reforming their equity structures, internal governance, organizational structures and markets, and production strategies. Looking forward to fourteen-five, companies will use performance as an important indicator to achieve the 1357 market layout by 2025, with an increase in revenue from out-of-town sales to more than 70%, represented by sparkling wine.
The 14th Five-Year Wine Marketing will proceed in three stages: 2021 will be an intensive marketing period, focusing on marketing structure and marketing, managing innovation, product upgrading, brand focus and channel profit issues: 2022-2023 will be a transition.
During the period of development, the market south of the Yangtze River continued to grow in size and quality, and during the accelerated marketing period of 2024-2025, a historic breakthrough was achieved in the size of the Qinghua wine, supported by the two brands of the village of Liquor and Apricot, completing the “1357” market layout.
III. Profit forecasts and investment proposals
The performance of Shanxi Liquor (60809) in 2020, taking into account the firm's high degree of certainty about the expansion outside the province, maintains a “recommended” rating.
• Reforms, out-of-provincial expansion, pace of performance release, food safety, etc.
In 2011, it entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food drinks and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Private Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.