Sancie's food beverages (60809), continue to outperform their expectations, looking at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center, which has a year-round elasticity.
Billion yuan, +121%; of this amount, q2 achieved income of $4.79 billion, +73.4%, and the net profit of the mother increased, with over-expected growth within and outside the province.
The high-speed, 30-year-old revival, preceded by a price-based campaign and orderly marketing; high-speed intra-provincial and circumcial markets in Panama; high-volume production in the province; and high-yielding end-consumption heat, with a steady increase in end-uses.
+147.8 per cent, the future or future development path will be replicated, with gin and bamboo beams driven by two wheels. 3,729 million yuan, i.e. +96.9 per cent, with high growth in the market around the mountain west, a doubling of the market south of the Yangtze River, and a national expansion. 4, in the context of rejuvenation and the glorification of wine, the first half.
There were 40 new distributors and 211 more in and outside the province, and the ratio of high-quality businesses continued to rise, with more than 150,000 new controlled terminal sites growing at a high rate of expansion. The cost rate fell significantly, and profitability increased significantly.
The sales rate fell by 3.4 percentage points to 16.7 per cent, mainly as a result of the accelerated release of rum brands, a 2.4 percentage point to 3.9 per cent decline in management rates, mainly in terms of volume, the large-scale effects of which are highlighted, as a result of the increase in the Māori rate and the fall in the cost rate, and the firm ' s net interest rate increased sharply in the first half of the year.
It's a huge increase in profitability, with a 6.1 to 29.5 percentage points rise. It's a super-high-end expansion of production capacity, branding and channel building in the harvest period, and the rejuvenation of wine.
Subsistence: In addition, the company invested more than $1 billion to expand the production and storage of ginseng, bamboo leaf Qinghara wine to provide a productive base for cross-cutting development. 2, deep-rooted brand bottoms and 4,000 marketing teams, channels, hiring and consumer development, and now market brands and channels south of the Yangtze and the Great Northwest are being built.
A two-wheel-drive strategy that furthers the expansion of capacity and digital intelligence transformation, is now in a virtuous circle of storage and marketing, the distribution capacity of channels continues to grow, and the wine is a high-quality, marketable and sustainable growth that can restore the glory of the past.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals. The branding of wine can accelerate release, and market channels such as south and northwest of the Yangtze River build into the harvest period. The logic of medium- and long-term development is strengthened.
2. Shanxi Liquor (60809): continued overperformance and unstoppable recovery (2021-04-27)
3. Shanxi wine (600809); excellent performance growth, back to back 4. Shanxi wine (600809); growing brands, rejuvenation (2021-01-08)
Shanxi Liquor (600809). Saffrons rise at the same price as the botanium, with sustained high growth outside the province (2020-10-30) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.