By mid-2021, the product structure was upgraded, year-round targets were increased, and the expansion of nationalization was well under way. For example, the first half of the series of young flowers doubled, with a significant increase in the share, leading to an accelerated upgrading of the structure of the product.
In the past six months, there has been an increase of almost 150% in the sales of alcohol, and a two-wheel drive of wine and bamboo. The market in the first half of the year saw the growth rate in the company’s own economy.
The main reasons we judge are: (i) product structure upgrades: 2021q2 Saffron series increases.
High-end product revenue as a percentage of the same year increased significantly, and net profit boosters continued to rise; 2) price increases were significant: since 2021 companies have made a number of small price increases for core items such as Saffron 30 and Bottled Bottles, 1, Shanxi Liquor (60809):
On the cost side, 2021q2 has a sales cost of 14.9% and 2, Shanxi Liquor (600809); the effect is to increase the efficiency of sales and management.
Sword means nation-wide, the rejuvenation of the "Big Man" accelerates the release of the brand, and the year-round goal is complete. Since the 14th Five-Five, the company has insisted on a medium-end high-end development path, initiating a restructuring of the quality brand management structure and a jump-off of the brand.
Cheng, in July 2021, launched a 40-year-old green flower with a price of $3199. China Dragon, with further promotion, excellent performance, and a wine sword for the whole country, which speeds up the release of brands, taking into account the rapid growth of the first half of the year and the current stock,
A virtuous cycle of marketing, and we believe that the company’s 30% performance increase year-round is within reach.  Profit forecasting and valuation: high-end convergence with nationalization, we maintain the previous profit forecast, and it is expected that Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, will have a securities investment advisory board.