Nbv increased by the same year, with equity investment fluctuations delaying the net profit statement, Chinese life (601628.sh) incident: Chinese life published the semi-annual 2023 report and companies realized operating income in the first half of 2023
Wang Qing Dynasty has performed well in the new business values, and investment has delayed net profit performance. In the first half of 2023, the company achieved a new business value of $30,864 million, which is +19.9%, and a new business value of 1h23 has done the same.
Industry. The 1h23 company achieved a new policy premium of $171.213 million, or +22.9 per cent, of which the first annual contribution was equal to +22.0 per cent, and the first annual contribution of 10 years and above was equal to +28.9 per cent.
The size of the team is steady and the per capita capacity of the various channels, such as insurance and silver insurance, has increased. 1) One canal area: 1h23 companies have 27,404 million yuan in insurance nbv, which is equal to 13.3 per cent of the channel population. 2) One risk channel is undergoing an accelerated professional transformation, resulting in a significant increase in per capita capacity.
The construction of the normal operating 4.0 system has been steadily advancing, with the "Photo Plan" focusing on excellence and improving the quality of the risk channels, especially the number and percentage of the top performers in the workforce, which has increased by 38.1 per cent on the same basis as the first annual premium per capita per month) and the silver system: operational structure
Optimization and a rapid increase in the size of the premium. 1h23 continued to expand banking cooperation, premium revenue, and corporate silver channel managers reached 23,000 people, up 13.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a significant increase in average production capacity.
Equity market fluctuations slow the performance of investment returns and credit risk can be controlled. 1) Due to the continuing shocks in equity markets, corporate returns on 1h23 investments have fallen on a year-on-year basis. Under the old accounting standards, net return to the mother is $16,156 million, or 36.3 per cent, and under the new accounting standards, net return to the mother is realized.
The decrease in the allocation rate of return and the distribution of the variety of equity rights has been delayed. 1h23 total investment rate 3.41% in Sinda Securities Inc., 80 basis points lower than in the same year, mainly under the realization of the open market variety.
The company controls credit risk, the quality of assets of credit-based investment products remains high.
Risks are manageable. There were no credit defaults in the first half of 2023. 3) Long-term equity investments: the long-term equity investment value of the distant-ocean group held by the Japanese Life Group in January-June 2023, as a consortium of companies, was zero.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: second-quarter equity market fluctuations put pressure on corporate returns on investment, thereby dragging corporate net profit returns from home on a year-on-year decline, but overall, corporate-debt end reforms have been significant, corporate business integrity has remained strong, and company premiums have been the top priority in the industry,
Major channels such as insurance and insurance have shown a positive trend in terms of human size and quality, and subsequent companies are expected to continue to strengthen asset-liability linkages and to firmly implement medium- and long-term strategic asset allocation plans, in a stable growth policy Risk factors: continued macroeconomic decline; difficulties in increasing the workforce of agents and declining productive capacity leading to people
The \triangleright worker has fallen; capital markets have fluctuated significantly; and the will of the population to consume continues to decline.
Figure 1: Insurance premiums for new policies (millions of dollars) and speed of increase Figure 3: Number of agents (millions) and speed of increase
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four-year experience in the actuarials industry, June 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for non-monetary financial research, Liao Yi-chung, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and candidate for the College of Honors, Financial Science Experiment.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.