Life in China (601628.sh) has grown in both size and value, and the size of the premium has remained the highest in the industry. In the first half of 2023, Chinese life earned 553.6 billion yuan in operating income.
This is a 4.8% increase in the same year; the total premium revenue is $362.1 billion, a 2.7% increase in the same year, and the number of agents who maintain the size of the industry premium is at the bottom. The new premium is rising at a sharp rate.
The structure, the length of the debt, and the first annual premium payments for the 10-year period and above increased by 28.9 per cent to $39 billion over the same period last year, representing 40 per cent of the total first-year premium payments. The workforce of agents was largely bottomed, with a total sales of more than 720,000 people in the first half of the year, down by only 1.1 per cent.
In conjunction with senior management, it is expected that China’s life will continue to be transformed in business, operations, and customer operations, and that the premium value will double. Companies will actively capture the trend of savings-based insurance in the first half of the year, further expand their cooperation with banks, and in the first half of the year they will realize a total premium of $62.1 billion.
The annual contribution income rose by 59 per cent from the same year to 45.7 per cent, while China ' s life continued to strengthen the professionalization and technological capacity-building of the bank ' s customer management team. As of 2023h1, there were 23,000 customers in the silver insurance channel.
The Chinese life cycle (601628.sh) has stabilized in the second quarter, the equity market has fluctuated, and the returns on investment have been held hostage to fluctuations in the equity market in the first half of the year and the distribution of equity assets.
The impact of such factors as the decline, the pressure on the overall return on investment of the company, the total return on investment and the net return on investment
Structure, by reducing the share of fixed maturity financial assets held, and increasing the share of equity-type financial assets, with time deposits falling by 26.3 per cent to 8.28 per cent of total investment assets, equity, funds and other interests Investment proposals: China's life reforms and innovations, insisting on “stable growth, high value, excellent structure, strong team”.
The strategy of promoting change and risk prevention is to achieve a steady and growing pattern of development. Sustained change at the end of the liability is expected to lead to value-added growth throughout the year, nbv and in the medium and long term; asset-ends are actively adjusted to the market situation, and asset allocation structures are adjusted to maintain a robust, long-term and secure investment style. We maintain the "buy-in" approach.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.