Shinji Mountain Convergence (600188.sh) Powered Coal
q2 output returned to normal, and the downside of the ton of coal sales affected performance 26 August 2023 \triangleright
Market data: 25 August 2023 Reductions in commercial coal production were mainly restored in q1,q2 production: the price of tons of coal sold fell and the Māori rate decreased.
Compared to the change of 3.24 per cent, the decline in production was mainly due to changes in geologic conditions in the Eastern q1 Mt. Ht., more in circulationa/total equity (billions): replacement effects and extreme weather and labour shortages in Australasia; and a substantial recovery in q2 production.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): BP + 7.7%, +45.15%. National and international coal prices have fallen in the first half of the year, with the same averages for Qin powered coal, Newcastle powered coal, and hard-coated h1 in the Australian Peakview mine - 13.93%, -30.64% and -30.64% respectively.
H1 Coal sales averaged RMB 1002.25 per ton, compared to 13.21 per cent; demand was depressed. Coal sales increased equally, but prices went down more than cost, and Māori decreased. As a result of the silviculture, 2023h1 coalified production increased during the same period last year, with a combined production of 3.72 million tons of chemical products.
Six months have been affected by the slowdown in downstream economic recovery and lower domestic prices for chemicals, but coal prices have lagged behind, chemical costs have fallen modestly, and corporate coal industry has seen a decline in Māori. Internal spillovers continue, and corporate coal capacity remains open to expansion; attention is paid to overseas coal prices in the second half of the year.
The Xinjiang Xinjiang project is expected to start in the second half of 2023 and complete production in 2025.
In addition, there is room for persistent air-cooling or inadequate supply of European natural gas, and foreign coal prices to rebound. Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are expected to fall; and production risks are expected;
\triangleright’s new project is not as productive as expected, overseas coal prices continue to fall, etc. Reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I did not, for no reason, nor will it be specifically recommended in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.