Short-term price falls and long-term growth space remains high: on August 25, 2023, the semi-annual report on the energy of the mine was released, and in the first half of 2023, the volume of coal sold and prices fell in the first half of the year.
The recovery of production from the labour shortage and the reduction of coal mining in Shandong Province have been slow. Throughout the year, Luang Coal has maintained its annual production guidelines of 3100 to 36 million tons, improved working conditions for monitoring and monitoring, and increased coal production.
The production limit factor for geological conditions has been partially eliminated, and we expect that corporate coal production will continue to grow in the second half of the year. The company produced 43.917,000 tons of coal, a 6.25 per cent decline in the same year; the sale of coal, a 16.74 per cent increase in the same year.
The increase in the cost of home-grown coal is mainly due to the decline in the sale of merchandise coal. Chemical operations are gradually improving in order to achieve a steady increase in surcharges.
Revenue from the coal industry has remained stable. The production of methanol, 1.759,000 tons, an increase of 17.03 per cent in the same year, sales of 1.74 million tons, an increase of 11.1 per cent in the same year, Methanol sales unit prices of $1830 per ton, a decrease of 9.6 per cent in the same year, and unit costs of $1869 per ton, a decrease of 4.7 per cent in the same year.
The volume of Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has increased significantly over the same period, and sales costs have improved marginally.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in the west corner of the city, building No. 1 of the 9th courtyard, in the west corner, there was an 11.6% decrease in the same year, with a unit cost of $9842/ton, a 6.6% decrease in the same year.
\triangleright will contribute to the transformation and growth of the company by acquiring 51% of the ownership and 51% of the Xinjiang stock of the Luzi mining industry. Coal production in the central and eastern parts of the country is currently declining, especially in the eastern part of the country.
As the coal industry has grown rapidly in recent years, the Xinjiang industry has been able to deactivate the four open-air mines in the Eastern and Central Pacific Bay region.
The process is well under way, and construction is expected to start in the second half of 2023, with production completed in the first half of 2025, which will increase coal production by 10 million tons per year. In addition, the Xinjiang Energization also has the right to prospecting in Lake Yellowgrass, which corresponds to about 13.6 billion tons of coal reserves, with great potential for future development.
It is argued that Xinjiang is limited to transport distances and that its future development may be based on coal and coal chemical integration projects, in situ conversion of coal resources into natural gas, oil, other chemical products, etc., and the sale of the corresponding products. The company’s current acquisition of Xinjiang will open up future growth.
The company will continue to promote the Development Strategy Framework, focusing on the goal of 300 million tons of coal production over 5 to 10 years, with continued access to group-quality coal resources and assets such as coal-chemicals through asset acquisition.
The company values shareholder returns highly, and the high and low value of dividends highlights the value of the investment. 30 \triangleright of June 2023 is excellent; in contrast, the company ' s current valuation level is at a historically low level, a share of the company.
In the current state of high dividends, high dividends, low valuations, companies have a long-term investment value. Profit forecasts and ratings: in a coal supply shortage cycle driven by an energy cycle, we expect the future.
Let’s keep moving forward with the orderly infusion of high-quality group shareholders’ assets and the deepening of employee equity incentives under state-owned business reforms, and the prospect of a sustained growth of mining energy towards “the world’s leading clean energy suppliers.” We predict the net profits from corporate ownership of parent companies in 2023-2025: 227.52, 265.21, 265.21,
Evolving growth spaces and strategies for transformation of future development, maintaining corporate “buy-in” ratings. Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and foreign energy policies; macroeconomic slowdowns or \triangleright at home and abroad
The recovery was significantly less than expected; there was a risk of a major coal safety accident; and the company’s asset injection process was affected by force majeure.Kant Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consulting (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager, Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre, China’s geo-mineral economy
Member of the Society, of the pool of experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, of the China Price Association, of the Executive Committee on Coal Prices, and of the China Coal Industry Association, who served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (COICA), and for more than a decade has been engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields.
The research and development centre is responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of China Coal Industries Group Sub-Society, who worked for many years in coal production, technology management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 to carry out research in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, Austin University, Texas, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity market conversion, virtual power plant applied research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, XinXinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance, Southwest. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2022.
In July 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research. Lee Wei, cpa, Master of Accounting, Essen University of Economics and Management, Germany. In September 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal research.
Tang Jiyu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade. Joined the Sunda Securities Research Centre in April 2023 for research on natural gas and electricity, Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research on coal.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.