The multi-dimensional race for new energy paths, integrated energy management and vertical integration (I): expansion from the inverter to the lower wind industry chain, with a solid headline. In 2023, the wind industry was still hot, leading to higher demand for inverters.
City: Domestic inverters are the main global power, with top5 accounting for 71% and industry concentration rising further than 2021+8pc. The company, as a photovoltaic inverter, delivered 77gw in 2022, compared to 63.8%, with a product power of 3-8800kw, which should be used
In contrast to their counterparts, they have strong industry barriers to competition in terms of size and profitability, product R & D & E speed, brand power & global distribution channels. 2 Wind and electricity domain: companies are supplied as a few third-party wind and power transformers in the context of accelerated national substitution.
Compared with the trend of 300 deep corporate shares, the global shipment exceeded 23gw in 2022 by the same year +53%. In the future, the wind-tightening trend is expected to benefit from higher industry growth.
In 2020-2021, among the developers of the dbt model, the company’s subsidiary, Sunshine New Energy Development, was the first in the world. By 2023, h1, the company had built 35gw wind power plants.
Restricted, hydro-voltaic operations have been applied in various extreme weather events and have been subject to multi-projectal and vertical integration (ii): access to storage energy pcs and expansion of downstream systems, overseas canals and construction of protected industrial rivers
In 2023, the country’s new storage capacity is expected to accumulate 15gw, and the industry continues to be hot, especially in overseas markets. Companies cut into storage power transformers and expand their integration into downstream systems.
In 2022, the storage system delivered 7.7gwh, 70% overseas; in 2023h1, the storage system delivered 5gwh. Because of high entry thresholds in overseas markets, the company built an industrial protection river based on the advantage of the advanced entrants.
In terms of finance, companies have the capacity to collect orders, and the city’s share is expected to increase further.
• Horizontal integration: multi-dimensional hydrogen-to-hydro, tram-to-smart transport operations, building new energy-to-body platforms
The company has several new energy growth curves in its horizontal layout. Hydrogen energy: the hydrogen industry is currently in a rapid period of development, with green hydrogen having the greatest potential in hydrogen production. The company has also developed awe and pem cell technology, and has developed innovative hydrogen-based systems that have been identified with large green hydrogen cells.
Projects. 2 Tractions. The company had earlier laid out a train in the area where its electrical control products had been loaded in large quantities and planned to achieve the delivery target of one million units by 2023; and the company's power-filling stake operation was starting with industrial synergies while building a commercial photovoltaic power station for the company.
Digitalization: The company is actively developing energy software systems, carrying out intelligent transportation services, providing one-stop energy solutions, generating efficiency gains for production lines, superimposeing the digital transformation that is currently under way, and predicting that it will soon make a profit to the enterprise.
Risks of scarce upstream supply of components; risk of continued price increases for raw materials; overseas trade policy risks; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; risk of less than expected installation of renewable energy; market competition 1. Reverse transformers have a thick and thin head, and new energy platforms are on the rise
The development of Sunshine Power Co. Ltd. is divided into three main phases, as follows: 1) 1997-2002 (initial phase): the company was established in 1997 and its main business is the development of traditional power sources.
In 2002, the company built 40 off-grid photovoltaic power stations in collaboration with the co-generation of co-operatives, participated in the first national project, Power to the Country, and successfully opened up the domestic photovoltaic reversals, 2003-2012 (growth period): in 2003, the company developed the photovoltaic converter on its own initiative.
The sea was successfully connected to the network, and then gradually became involved in the national photovoltaic power project. In 2004, the company removed the main cash flow operations, i.e., theups and emergency power sources, and focused on the development of specialized photovoltaic and wind-energy currents. In 2010, the company set up the Electric Motors Department to initiate pre-research work on the power control project in cooperation with the Ancé passenger vehicle, and cut in.
In 2011, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s start-up board; the station system was integrated; in 2014, it worked with Samsung to open up the energy storage market. In 2015, it worked with the Alibaba Group.
In 2016, the company set up the Hydrogen Energy Research Group, and in 2019 it set up the Hydrogen Energy Department, focusing on electrolytic hydrogen technology. In 2020, the company set up the Electric Power Recharge Department, and officially joined forces to charge the power.
The pillar area was launched in 2023, with the launch of the global first 180kw cluster. So, the company succeeded in constructing a new energy platform for the integration of “light wind storage hydrogen”. 1.2 Equity structure: stable and centralized equity, sound management team and incentive mechanisms
As of the end of March 2023, Mr. Cao held 30.37% of the company's shares, plus 10.44% of the shares of the company's shareholding partnership, and indirectly 0.37% of the company's shares.
In addition, the spouse, Su-Lei, owns 0.18% of the company's shares, is concentrated in the company, and runs a business. The founder of Cao In-hyun, has a strong professional background. He is working in the field of new energy generation and works as Vice-President of the Association of Photovoltaic Industries, Vice-President of the Power Society, and Professor of Ph.D. at the University of Fertilizer Industries.
V, 11, 863 and other major national science and technology projects, with industry insight, have led companies to introduce equity incentives on several occasions and mobilize core staff. Since 2013, companies have introduced four equity incentives. In May 2022, companies have issued incentives to award a limited stock of 6.5 million shares.
Equity schemes or equity incentive schemes. Companies are actively working on sound corporate long-term incentives to fully motivate their employees to contribute to their long-term healthy development. 1.3 Main business ventures: new energy industries have more to offer, and product matrices have reinforced the dominant advantage.
Horizontal integration: based on the core business of the inverter, the company has moved into a number of new energy businesses. At present, the company has formed eight business plates, covering new energy sectors such as solar, wind, storage, electric cars and, in combination with intelligent carriers, creating synergies between growth curves and laying the bottom of performance.
(i) Photovoltaic inverters: The product power range of the company covers 3kw-8800kw, includes household inverters, cluster inverters, centralized inverters and modular inverters, and covers the full range of applications such as household use, business and large terrestrial power stations.
(ii) Wind currenters: company product specifications cover power levels of 1.5mw-26mw, voltage levels such as 690v/1140v/3300v, products including full power wind currenters and double feed Wind currenters, full coverage of mainstream domestic wind machines, applicable to all winds on land and at sea
(iii) Energy storage systems: the company is the global first-class supplier of energy storage equipment and systems solutions. It relies on “tri-power integration” technology, which provides storage energy cores such as storage energy transformers, lithium batteries, energy management systems.
(v) Water-surface photovoltaic systems: by the end of 2022, the company ' s cumulative global application of the water-surface photovoltaic system had made a breakthrough of 2.2gw, the world ' s first gw class water-based photovoltaic system provider, with a five-year global market share
(vi) Charging equipment: the company launched a direct-flow stump, exchange stump series of products, the industry initiated the design of an integrated direct-flow stump, which, by the end of 2022, was first delivered and delivered in bulk in Europe at 30kw charging stumps. (vii) Hydrogen energy: the company owns igbt hydrogen power, alk and pem electrolytes, gas fluid separation and purity
(viii) Sun clouds: data collection in support of new energy power stations such as photovoltaics, storage energy, power station monitoring, transport, etc.
Operation of a full set of management operations. Through cloud-based big data analysis platforms, users are assisted in achieving transparent management of new energy power plants under their banners, automated wiring, smart diagnostics and supporting decision-making.
Vertical integration: companies integrate downstream systems from professional inverters suppliers, expand power station development operations, and form a more complete product matrix. Specifically, the advantages of a firm ' s vertical integration strategy are: 1) Supply: helping to enhance and safeguard supply elasticity in the company ' s domestic and external markets, and consolidating market positions and competition.
(ii) Profit: achieving cost control and quality control throughout the production process, and increasing corporate profitability 3) risk: increasing the company ' s perception of industry dynamics, accelerating its responsiveness to market changes, and reducing the negative impact of industry-to-industry fluctuations on firms;
4) Channels: Once the company has closed down the industry, in conjunction with software intelligence, it provides a one-stop solution for customers to meet the full life-week demand of users from product integration, power station installation to grid access and smart-wireding, to hit industry pain points directly, with the potential to enhance brand power and consolidate channel advantage;
5) Coordination: Under the task of building new power systems, the company is expected to coordinate in-depth cooperation among multiple actors such as power generation side, grid side and user side, and the construction of a “source network charger” to coordinate the development of the new ecology. In the future, the company is expected to move towards vertical integration based on industry experience and financial strength, and to invest in productive development.
Up and down the chain, the market penetration rate of leading firms has increased further, strengthening the barriers to competitiveness of leading firms. 1.4 Financial analysis: performance surges, profit-making leading industries. Corporate performance surges, net profit returns in the first half of 2023 outperformed the previous year.
A 20.9 per cent and 19 per cent decline in the parent-year ratio, mainly due to the company's abundance of hand orders, the return of raw materials, stocks of commodities, the company's increased layout of the wind-and-light hydrogen industry, and the prospect of a sustained increase in operating income and the net return of mother-to-child returns.
Maintained at more than 40 per cent; in 2022, photovoltaic reverse transformers recovered more than the power station system integrated, reaching 39 per cent, while the power station system integrated decreased to 28.8 per cent; in 2023 h1, the contribution of the photovoltaic reverse transformer remained the highest, amounting to $16,624 million, or 40.6 per cent, and it is worth noting that in the first half of 2023, the storage system recovered more than the same rate.
During the period, 2.88 billion yuan rose to $7.6 billion, an increase of 163 per cent. 2) Māori sub-operational ratio: the company ' s photovoltaic power generation industry is low, profit margins are small and orders are generally larger.
Overall, a significant increase in corporate profitability has been due to: (1) a rapid increase in overseas earnings. In 2022, the emulations gradually became apparent. Companies’ incomes have risen by the season, but the cost rate has declined by the season, thanks to an increase in intra-firm earnings.
Corporate capital is strong, and research and development foundations are strong. Sunshine power is gradually being built at the national and global levels.
The largest innovation platform for research and development in clean electricity conversion technologies has taken up nearly 20 major national science and technology projects, including the National “863” programme, the National Science and Technology Support Programme, and the National Priority Research and Development Programme. In 2022, companies invested more in research and development, amounting to $1.69 billion, with a cost of 4.2 per cent, and a similar number of research and development personnel.
3647 people. During the first half of 2023, companies continued to invest $1 billion in technology research and development to build core competitiveness in the new energy sector and to address the issue of mitigation efficiency.
2 Traditional windlights: expansion from new energy power systems to power stations, full chain layout 2.1 windlight industry: no loss of momentum, accelerated replacement of traditional energy sources
Since 2023, the growth logic of the new energy sector has become more certain. Carbon neutral and large targets remain unchanged, and annual global carbon dioxide emissions continue to rise without turning. According to the International Energy Agency, total global energy-related greenhouse gas emissions grew by 1.0 per cent in 2022, reaching 41.3 billion tons of carbon dioxide, the highest ever.
Global wind market demand is still high. In 2022, the global light-voltage installation still stood at 230gw, an increase of 35.3 per cent compared to the previous year, with a cumulative capacity of 1156gw; global land- and sea-based wind-power additions, with a cumulative capacity of 906gw, were 68.8gw/77.6gw, respectively.
Installation of 115gw, cagr expected to reach 15 per cent between 2022 and 2027. Chart 15 Global Photovoltaic Cumulative Loader and New Loader (gw) Chart 16 Global Land Wind and Sea Wind Adder (gw)
In 2022, China had the highest number of light volts installed globally, up to 106gw. According to the National Energy Agency, 113.16gw installed in January-August 2023 nationwide, an increase of 154.46% over the same period, with 16gw installed in August, an increase of 137.39% over the same period.
cwea statistics for the year 2022 show a total of 49.8gw installed capacity for wind and electricity nationwide, with a cumulative capacity of 396.5gw, an increase of 14.4 per cent compared with the previous year, with the highest installed capacity in mainland China.
Energy costs have continued to decline, as follows: 1) In the light of the photovoltaic field, technology has accelerated PV efficiency gains and reduced costs. For example: monocrystal silicon replaces multi-crystal silicon; silicon silicon is highly sized and thinnerized; n batteries are expected to replace p-type batteries, half a slice and double.
In 2022, the global average photovoltaic electricity cost fell to $0.049/kwh, estimated by irena, about 20% below the cost of coal power. And as new production capacity, such as silicon, is gradually released, upstream supply and demand conflicts will be effectively mitigated, and prices are expected to begin to go downhill throughout the year 2023.
Volcano has further increased its economics, leading to lower-stream demand. (2) In the field of wind power, the foliage is larger, the pylons are larger in size and weight, and the foliage can solve problems of size and weight, increase the overall economics of wind power, increase the amount of electricity generated and the number of hours used annually.
Increased wind power efficiency.1 Globally, the average electricity cost for land-based wind power fell from $0.107/kwh in 2010 to about $0.033/kwh in 2022, or by about 69.2 per cent, according to irena; the average electricity for sea-based wind-level electricity dropped from $0.197/kwh in 2010 to $0.081/kwh in 2022, or around $0.081/kwh
58.9 per cent.2 According to China, according to the Grand Tang Electric Institute, the cost of wind-degree electricity on land in China will decline from 0.41 yuan/kwh in 2018 to 0.33 yuan/kwh in 2023, a 20 per cent decrease; the cost of wind-degree electricity at sea3 is digitally, with the widespread application of artificial intelligence and big data, systems and transports will evolve.
Step by step to optimize design and control to reduce costs throughout the life cycle of windlight projects. Windlight lcoe is now lower than coal power, adding renewable energy to grid-connected grids and increasing electrical stability will accelerate the replacement of traditional fossil energy sources.
2.2 Photovoltaic inverters: Resource concentration increases, pulling the world's leading edge. Inverters are converters that convert direct current power (cells, batteries) into fixed-frequency or FM exchange (like 220v 50hz sine wave).
Most of the components, control circuits, provide pulse signals for reverse circuits, control the opening and closing of power semiconductor devices; reverse circuits, which then complete the inversion process through the operation of the switchers, convert direct currents to exchange power; filtered wave circuits to filter out unwanted signals.
The basic function of the PV inverter is to convert the direct current electricity generated by solar cell assemblies into exchange power. This function is achieved mainly through high frequency switches for electrical electronic switches such as igbt and mosfet, and requires the output exchange to meet the energy quality requirements for integration into the grid. As the main intelligent device in the current PV system, it is inverted.
The transformer also has other support functions, such as maximum power tracking (mppt), maximum solar power cell performance and photovoltaic system protection, which are mainly used to assist the inverter to be free at different solar radiation levels to switch to operational/on-call status and always to obtain maximum power output from solar battery assemblies.
Photovoltaic reverse transformers are the "hearts" of solar photovoltaic systems. Photovoltaic reverse transformers are electrical electronic devices connecting solar panels to the grid and are the core equipment of photovoltaic systems. They are one of the most technology-intensive and technologically-interrupted links in the photovoltaic industry, and conversion efficiency and reliability will have a direct impact.
In the early stages of development, which have been monopolized by foreign firms, some of the reversifiers in the country have been able to break through technological barriers through continuous research and development, and the global reverse transformer industry has a variety of classifications. Common taxonomic dimensions include power exchange by technology route and output.
The phase of pressure (segregated as a single-phase inverter & three-phase inverter), the storage of energy (photovoltile grid inverter & storage transformer), the downstream application area (central photovoltaic inverter & distributed photovoltaic inverter).
(1) A central inverter: A photovoltaic inverter is a direct flow input end of the same central inverter that links many parallel photovoltaic groups to a maximum power peak and then converts to the grid.
Single capacity is usually over 500kw, with high single power and low cost. It is mainly applied to a centralized 2nd series of inverters: a light-voltage reverse is the single maximum power of a few pairs of photovolts tracking, re-reversed and incorporated into the exchange grid, and a chain inverter can have multiple maximums.
Rate peak tracking module. The single-body capacity is usually below 100kw, with a flexible configuration, but with a slightly higher price. The main applications are distributed power systems and centralized photovoltaic systems can also be used. 3) Insignia reverse transformers: photovoltage is the single maximum power peak for each photovoltaic component.
tracer, then inverted into the exchange grid. Single capacity is usually below 1 kw, expensive, and difficult to maintain after failure. 4) Bulk inverter: in fact, the inverter combines a "central reverse" with a centralized photovoltaic inverter.
and the "dispersed mppt track" advantage of a combination of multiple mppt control optimizers, which achieves multiple paths of mppt for excellence, followed by a centralized inverter reversal. A high-cost reliability of a centralized invertor, and a high generation capacity of a cluster inverter.
Global photovoltaic inverter loads and delivery volumes are rising both ways. 1) Loads: According to s&pglobal, the global inverter load in 2022 was 212.8gw, an increase of 63.9gw over the previous year, with an annual growth rate of 42.9%.
The sum of the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (89.6gw) (2) volume of shipments: in 2022, the total volume of global inverters was 326.6gw, an increase of 110.7gw over the previous year, an annual growth rate of about 51.3 per cent, of which the total volume of Chinese (inland) exports was 131.7gw, an increase of 60gw over the previous year, an annual growth rate of 84.3 per cent.
China has become the dominant market for global inverters, with a high concentration of industries. From 2015, Sunshine Power and China have consistently listed top2, maintaining a "three-legged" posture with Sma. From 2021, Jinlongko's skills have surpassed Sma, breaking the "three-legged" trend. In 2022, the number of top10 Chinese enterprises increased from 6 in 2021.
Added to seven, and according to Woodmackenzie, global photovoltile converter exports increased to over 330 gw, with a total of 86 per cent of the top10 supplier market, 71 per cent of the top5, 8 pct, head concentration up from 2021. In 2022, the company ' s global photovoltile converter exports increased by 77 gw, compared to 47gw in 2021.
Figure 292021 Global photovoltaic inverter output (gw) Figure 302022 Gross national photovoltaic invertor enterprise (gw) Figure 31 Corporate sales of photovoltaic inverter (gw) 2015-2022
The company achieves full household, cluster, centralized and modular coverage, covering a 3kw-8800kw power range, fully meets applications such as household, business and large ground power stations, operating in a stable and efficient manner at high temperatures, altitude, sand, salt fog and low temperatures.
In addition to this, the company has a Control Reverse One Machine, Photovoltaic Parts, and Photovoltaic Integrator, Smart Energy Management Platform, which enables the company to establish a stable overseas customer relationship and solves the problem of the supply of igbt. The gbt is a photovoltaic integrator.
Core semiconductor parts. From the igbt tubes, the general tubes are abundant, while the high end igbt tubes are still in short supply. And the home-grown igbt learning capacity, based on the observable ocean-based consultancy, predicts that the home-grown igbt self-sufficiency rate will reach 32.9% in 2023 and will be reduced by the year 2024 to H2igbt module.
Industry, which is generally able to make a one-year warranty order with semiconductor companies; in addition, the company ' s medium-power module, igbt, is mainly import-based, with three suppliers, namely, Ansammy, English Flying, Fuji, and is already one of the major customers of British fliers due to the company ' s large procurement volume, plus the supply of national produce for some of the Stars and Middles, is projected to be public in 2023.
Sigbt supply chain secured. Figure 36 Prices of raw materials (dollars/sets, suites, individual) Figure 35 Chinaigbt self-sufficiency rate (%)
In 2022, the company collected more than $40 billion, compared to $10 billion. And in terms of profitability, due to higher rates of Maori in offshore markets and lower rates based on Xeneta data, all major trade routes this year, 2023.
In July of that year, the global long-term shipping freight ring was 9.5% lower than in June, with a higher share of corporate products going to the sea and greater profit margins. In addition, demand for downstream photovoltaic installation erupted, leading to an increase in output, based on the continued decline in the prices of upper-energy electrical, first-half-year silicon raw materials, silicon chips, components, and lithium batteries.
The level is far ahead, with net profits of $3.59 billion in 2022, with corporate net profits remaining within $1.5 billion, and corporate capital leading off the cliff. In addition, reference companies and comparable companies have an internal rate of return of 38.1% or more of their average interrr, leading with electric/deft-wield technology.
Figure 392022. Corporate Māori ratios (%) compares with corporate efficiency gains to accelerate product rotation. Various innovative programmes have been introduced, as follows: 1. High-integration programmes: in 2021, companies pioneered the introduction of sector III - modular reversals of “1+x”
(a) Domestic projects: based on super-adaptive and plastics, “such as fish water”, applied to the 150mw Fishery Complementation Power Station in Jiangxi Goan, the 100mw Photovoltaic Sands Project in Inner Mongolia, the 200mw Agrolight Complementarity Project in Shandong,
Ningxia 300mw Photovoltaic Project, 97mw Agrolight Complementarity Project in North Lake, 100mw Photovoltaic Project in Shanxi, etc.) Foreign Projects: In November 2022, Sunshine Power signed an agreement with ipp (ipp) sola group of well-known South African independent power producers to supply reverse transformers, and 256mw stand-alone power generation project is the largest new energy independent power generation project in Africa.
Currently, the ground markets of Spain, Brazil and Saudi Arabia are widely used, with global single-sign capacity already 2, high voltage photovoltaic systems: July 2023, the company's latest direct flow 2000v high-voltage inverter successfully grid-connected electricity generation at the Mondo Bay Photovolt project in the Xialin, with a combined cost reduction of 2 points for single-wabos.
More than money. This is the first time that the 2000v system has been connected to the Internet, marking a crucial step in the path to a reduced-combustion system. The 2000v system has raised the voltage by 33% compared to 1500v, posing a huge challenge to the resilience, pressure and reliability of the inverter, and making it more difficult to connect.
Adaptive voltage power control algorithms to effectively reduce the stress of key components; in addition, an innovative “high-pressure to towed power cycle test” technology programme has been used to conduct full-scale performance tests such as grid access adaptive verification.
In the life cycle of PV stations, there are problems of equipment ageing due to external environmental impacts, regular typologies are required, traditional manual inspection methods are inefficient, and therefore the need for diagnostic programmes is high on the agenda. In large PV projects, there are two sides to the mainstream: first and second.
Case in point. The former has achieved intelligent recognition of the photovolt group status, but the latter has no viable solution for the moment. In August 2023, the company achieved a technical break-up of the second-stage stream of smart diagnostics based on the “1+x” modular inverter, and achieved full power segment coverage of the technology.
Tests and diagnostics were completed in 15 minutes to identify 16 mainstream groups of Pid, shielding, aging, etc., with an accuracy of 96.73 per cent.
Figure 45iv Data Access Tactiles Company adheres to a globalized development strategy and has established well-established global marketing, channels and service networks.
Average unit prices are significantly higher than domestic inversers, so overseas layout is expected to generate excess profits for companies. 2016-2022 is dominated by companies that have increased overseas distribution, expanded distribution channels and after-sales service networks. Currently, companies have built more than 20 offshore sub-centres, with more than 85 global service centres and certifications in the six major service regions around the world.
More than 280 service providers have been authorized, with 100 important channel partners, and products have been sold in bulk to more than 150 countries and regions around the world. In addition, the company is carrying out capacity-building projects overseas, with 25gw currently in India’s production base and in Thai industrial plants.
2.3 Wind currents: in response to large fleet trends, land- and sea-based projects are dynamic, wind-based industrial barriers are high and new entry is more difficult. The wind and power industry chain is built for spare parts, including leaves.
(carbon fibres, fibreglass), casts, bearings, main axes, gear tanks, air hoods, transformers, etc.; medium-stream manufacturing and accessories, including whole machines, Frank, towers, cables, etc., downstream wind operators. Wind-making industries are typical technology-intensive industries, wind-power equipment is related to the stable operation of the grid and to the safety of electricity supply, technology.
In particular, the production of wind generators is more complex, especially large wind generators with higher requirements for production performance, stability, product efficiency, etc. The product and technical experience of the general head enterprise has led to long-term development and market validation, and it is difficult for new entrants to acquire advanced wind technology and stability in the short term.
Wind currents are one of the key components of the wind motors, at a cost of about 3-5%. One of the major problems with wind power generation is the instability of wind resources, which determines the speed of wind machines to change, while grid access requires a constant frequency exchange of 50hz.
The main function of the instrument is to convert the electrical power from wind machines to a stable voltage, frequency power, and to solve the problem of generating a constant frequency of electricity in the event of a change in wind speed. The raw materials of the wind transformer are mainly electrical components and power module components, including smelters, circuit breakers, etc.
Including igbt, where the structure consists mainly of copper platoons, radiators, etc., where the transformer costs more than the wind turbine market shows a “dual” pattern of competition between the third-party supplier and the windmill plant itself. The variable industry is a fully competitive market, and there is no high concentration in the industry. Goldwind technology, vision energy, Mingyang.
Third-party suppliers are predominantly sun power sources, visual electrical and foreign abb, Alston, Emerson, etc. With the exception of a small number of high-power offshore components that are dependent on foreign brand transformers and transformers, other transformers and transformers are largely national.
The company’s land/sea wind currents project is rich, with 23gw in 2022. Sunshine 2004
Power has entered the industry. In 2006, the country's first megawatt-class double wind transformer was developed autonomously, and in 2019, it pushed out a series of three flat wind transformers. In order to deal with the harsh environment of the sea, the company developed enhanced designs for redundancy in the product system, preservation and condensation. In November 2022, 11mw of solar wind power was applied to the full power of the ocean wind.
In January 2023, the Sunny Wind land 8mw wind currenter was successful in Zhang north, the country's largest power-connected wind current.
14mw wind currents are fully integrated in Hainan, with a maximum power level of 16mw, providing critical technical support for future super-power, large-scale bulk applications of offshore wind units.
Larger wind transformer. Sunshine wind power has now been rolled out at 7.xmw-9.xmw wind cooler, allowing for the cooling of the double feed transformer series, which can match the maximum 14mw unit; the offshore wind transformer has also been operational in 8-11mw batches, 12-16mw prototypes are aligned, and the offshore wind transformer power level can be applied
Covers up to 26mw, and 18mw wind currents are about to be delivered at sea. In the future, Sunshine wind energy 1) continuously enhances technological reserves, including tri- and multi-level, medium-high-pressure cascades, etc.; 2) coupled design, i.e., the mix of transformers and equipment such as generators, gear boxes, etc.; 3) optimizes transformers to network control
Performance, which enhances continuous research on power grid failure, inertia and FM support, flexible malfunctions, grid stability control, and 4) application landscape expansion, with continuous innovation in decentralized, large bases, Shago deserts, and maritime applications. As companies break out of technology, they are expected to benefit from industrial dividends in the context of a larger fleet.
2.4 Power station investment development: expand operations towards integration of downstream power station systems and develop full-scale power station systems integration operations with higher technical specialization and process control requirements. For example, the integration of photovoltaic power station systems requires the integration of a wide range of equipment, components and technologies into the same PV systems to achieve this.
Efficient, stable and reliable power generation and supply. This business needs to take into account a number of factors, including the selection and layout of photovoltaic components, the design and configuration of inverters, grid interconnection and focus, in order to achieve maximum energy collection and conversion efficiency while ensuring that it is exported safely, safely and reliably to the grid. This process requires a high degree of specialization.
In 2013, the company began to expand the integration of the power station system downstream, based on photovoltaic transformer operations. In 2014, a subsidiary, Sunshine New Energy, was set up.
Sources, as a new energy development investment platform, focus on the areas of photovoltaics, wind power, wind storage hydrogen-absorbent integration, and provide holistic, life-cycle solutions to new energy development, such as system research and development, development investment, design construction, and operation management. With its many years of experience and expertise, the operation currently covers ground power stations, distribution patterns, etc.
The company provides a full life-cycle solution for the development of new energy sources for diverse scenarios, and the business model is rich. Given the progress of the business project, the company is complementary in agriculture, catch complementary, water-surface floating power stations, wind, etc.
In terms of complementarities in storage and integrated land use, an innovative value chain of “new energy plus” has been formed, leading to a number of industry-first milestones demonstration projects, across-the-board breakthroughs in many areas, such as business photovoltaics, household photovoltaics, storage energy, renewable-energy hydrogen production and integrated energy services, with diverse and flexible investment programmes.
The business model used in figure 60 for distributed photovoltaic power stations and home-based photovoltaic investment operations, under the dbt model, the company developed the number one in the world, building 35gw in aggregate. According to ihsmarkit, the players in the market for photovoltaic power stations are divided into the following four categories, depending on the business model.
Do not be: host investors under the dbo model, developers under the dbt model, engineers under the epc model and power station carriers under the o&m model. Global market concentration is now high, and head-level effects are evident. Global Top30 enterprise projects account for a bit of money.
51%; the size of the Chinese Top10 enterprise project is 61%. In 2020-2021, the country ' s electricity was ranked first among investors in the db0 model, while the new solar energy source was ranked first in the world among developers in the dbt model. By the end of June 2023, companies built 35gw photovoltaic power plants.
This has led to the formation of a multi-dimensional and collaborative industry based on domestic foundations and rapidly developing overseas, covering more than 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China, as well as more than 10 countries and territories in South-East Asia, Australia, and South America.
2.5 Photovoltage of water: Full use of surface resource layouts, application of project abundance Float-based photovoltage systems break geographical constraints and fully open market space for segmented areas. Because of soil scarcity and rising land costs for ground-based photovoltaic projects, the demand for water photovoltage will continue to increase globally, owing to factors such as the scarcity of soil and the increase in land costs for the installation of photovoltaic projects on the ground.
The floating photovoltaic industry is expected to grow steadily. Woodmackenzie predicts that by 2031, the world will have more than 6gw installed per year of new floating photovoltaic systems, and by 2022-2031 cagr is expected to have a 15% capacity. By that time, the world will have 15 countries with more than 500mw installed per year.
For the fifth year in a row, the company’s FDI market was the world’s number one, with the world’s first Gw class water photovoltaic system provider. In 2016, the company set up a subsidiary, Sunshine Photovoltaic Technology Ltd., which focuses on the solution of the surface photovoltaic system.
As of June 2022, the global cumulative application of the company ' s water surface photovoltaic system had passed by 2.1gw, the world ' s first gw-grade water surface system provider. In September 2022, Sunshine achieved the first 100 metre deep water depth 200mw project design delivery. At present, the company ' s water surface market is the world ' s first production in five consecutive years.
The company’s product quality has been tested, and several design codes have been put in place to reduce industry risks. Sunshine water has a research and development team, applying for floats, anchoring systems, reverse-voltage floats, system carriers, etc.
More than 200 patents; in order to better reduce the risks of surface photovoltaic projects, lead in the development of a number of floating technology-related standards. For example, in the field of anchoring technology, Sunlightwater photovoltaics led to the development of the country's first anchor system design code, the Code for the Design of Surface Photovoltaic Affixation Systems; and, secondly, the company's anchor load calculation methodology.
In August 2023, the company’s internal control standard, “the anchoring design method”, was certified by the Norwegian Ship class, and the second round of the industry group standard, “the anchoring standard,” was completed on the line and in the public consultation segment. By the end of 2022, several projects had been tested by typhoons (approximately 60 m/s), with a system array overflow rate of zero per cent;
About 200mw projects have been repeatedly “grounded - floated” more than 400 times (up and down) and systems arrays are not working at 0%.
Sunshine has designed a whole range of water surface photovoltaic systems, including electrical systems, floating systems, anchor systems, and so on. Sunshine Water has developed innovations for deep water drops, industrial acid water quality, extreme cold areas, and typhoon areas.
The technical reliability of the programme has been fully demonstrated in more than 220 project cases with a total capacity of 2.6gw, using landscape-based hydro-voltaic solutions. For example, the company has taken over the anchoring of the most difficult floating power station in the world, the project is 94 m deep and the water level is 18 m low, and is currently under construction.
Chart 65, part of the photovoltaic model 3 Emerging storage capacity: expanding from storage revers to system integration, overseas layout of industry moats
3.1 New types of energy storage industry: installation continues to be hot, and offshore market barriers are high. As of 2023h1, the total number of “145” storage energy plans amounted to 67gw. On 1 June 2022, nine departments, including the National Energy Agency, jointly issued the “145” Renewable Energy Development Plan, which mentioned that the 14th Five-Year Period could be repeated.