Sunshine power sungrowpowersupply (300274ch) For the first time: Global Reversers taps, ground-based channels double flowering, storage operations entering the outbreak period globalinverterleder, rapidgrothinutiability-saleandchannel, eergysterageenters
Explosivephase: investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglishsummary)
For the first time, it's covered better than the big city's initiatewitoutperform, with a high global light-store and a very strong corporate core. The company's deep-deep-deep-blowed-reverse variants, including panels such as photovoltaic reverse transformers, storage systems, wind currents, etc.
The net profit of the mother is now $4.354 billion, an increase of 383.55 per cent over the same period. In sub-operations, 2023h1, income from the inverter and the storage system grew by 84 per cent and 257 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate is the same, the value of the inter-industry chain falls and the company’s size effects are significant, and the company’s invertors and reserves are significant.
The world's energy structure is shifting to low carbon, the photovoltaic system is becoming more economic, and the light-voltage machine reverses are driving it up.
Quick. The company’s core product has a wide range of photovoltaic reverse transformer power, and the direct flow 2000v high-pressure reverse transformer is likely to be successful and networked as a driver of mitigation efficiency. The company’s extra-coded overseas markets, such as Europe and Australia, have a stable overseas income ratio of over 60%.
The Division has cumulatively achieved more than 405gw in reverse equipment. We expect to deliver 125gwh by 2023, with centralized and business deliveries expected to exceed 80gwh and 22gwh, with an increase of 60% over the same period, and an expanding share of overseas income.
In the early years of the company’s layout, products were dominated by large reserves, with overseas revenues accounting for more than 80%. The company’s storage capacity was able to increase its operations as a result of a rapid upswing in the United States of America and the European market.
The three-power-combined integration technology continues to improve product competitiveness. As a result of the fall in the price of lithium carbonate, there is a significant increase in the economy of light storage, with companies added to overseas channels, we expect the level of profitability to continue. We expect the company's storage system to continue in 2023.
Of these, large reserves of about 16gwh, household deposits of about 3gw, which doubled from year to year, are expected to contribute to the company’s second growth curve.
The price of the price of the material is higher than expected, and the competition in the industry is higher.