CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
BUY (Initiation)
2Q19 earnings far above expectation; Initiate with BUY
Target Price
RMB6.70
(Previous TP
Up/Downside
+20%
SUMMARY. The positive alert issued by Zoomlion last Friday implied 1.9x-2.5x
Current Price
RMB5.60
YoY increase in net profit in 2Q19. This is far above expectations as the net
China Capital Goods
profit range of RMB2.4-2.7bn in 1H19 already accounted for 72-82% of the full
year consensus forecast. We forecast Zoomlion to deliver 95%/14% earnings
Wayne Fung, CFA
growth in 2019E and 20E. Initiate with BUY and TP of RMB$6.70, based on
1.3x 2019E target P/B.
■ Explosive earnings growth in 2Q19. Zoomlion announced that its
Stock Data
preliminary net profit in 1H19 is expected to surge 1.72x-2.12x to RMB2.4-
2.7bn (based on PRC GAAP). The impressive growth was driven by (1)
property and infrastructure construction that boosted the concrete and crane
equipment; (2) the strong demand for Zoomlion's core products such as
pump truck, tower crane and construction crane; (3) reduction of expense
Source: Bloomberg
ratios. In 2Q19, the implied net profit range is RMB1.4-1.7bn, representing
1.9x-2.5x YoY growth and 39-69% QoQ growth.
■ Staying positive on both crane and concrete machinery. According to
CCMA data, sales volume of truck crane (9 major players in China) surged
63% YoY in 5M19 and we believe Zoomlion delivered higher-than-average
Source: HKEx, Shanghai Stock Exchange
growth. We believe the potential improvement in infrastructure spending and
Share Performance
NES upgrade should continue to boost demand for truck crane going
forward. On the other hand, demand for tower crane and concrete
machinery are more driven by property construction that has been improving
since early this year. In particular, for tower crane, we expect Zoomlion to
Source: Bloomberg
gain market share from the smaller players.
12-mth Price Performance
Earnings growth of 95%/14%/4% in 2019E-21E. Our revenue growth
forecast for 2019E/20E/21E are 46%/10%/7%. We expect gross margin to
continue to expand in 2019E-20E. Besides, we assume significant operating
leverage effect to boost the earnings growth.
■ Initiate with BUY. Our TP of RMB6.70 is based on 1.3x 2019E target P/B,
on the back of 10-12% ROE in 2019E-21E. We benchmark Zoomlion-A's
valuation in 2013 when the ROE was ~12%. Upcoming catalysts include: (1)
earnings raised by the market in the near term; (2) continuously strong
Source: Bloomberg
monthly industry sales data points.
Auditor: KPMG
Earnings Summary
Related Reports
"Zoomlion (1157 HK, BUY) – Strong
set of 1Q19 result; Impressive cash
"China Construction Machinery
Sector - Further upside on potential
"Zoomlion (1157 HK, BUY) -
Raising earnings estimates after
Please cast your valuable vote for
Asiamonev Brokers Poll:
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: CCMA, CMBIS estimates
Source: CCMA, CMBIS
Source: CCMA, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the
securities or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the
subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views
expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the
date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this
report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong
Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all
investors. CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual
investment objectives, financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events
may differ materially from that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not
guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS
recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a
professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants,
directors, officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying
on the information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or
correctness. CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change
without notice. CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect
different assumption, point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions
that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for
itself and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other
business relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended
recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without
prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a
copy of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other
person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial
Adviser as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may
distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under
Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor,
Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal
6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.