Medical Health Research Center 20201 over-expected, disease-free growth confidence. On April 10, Pharmacino Condé issued an advance announcement for the first quarter of 2022, the first quarter of 2022.
In the first quarter of 2022, according to the company’s forecast increase of 2022, the company expected to raise $8.5 billion in the first quarter of 2022, an increase of 71%.
The previously announced 65-68 per cent increase in the q1 battalion, excluding exchange rate effects, resulted in an increase of 2.1 billion yuan, or 86 per cent, in the net return of the full non-ifrs to the mother, with both earnings and profits exceeding 86 per cent. The Shanghai epidemic affected production less and maintained its high growth expectations.
Initially, the business continuity plan was launched at the first hour, where staff were placed in a closed location and prepared for the corresponding items. 3. Order and performance growth, with cxo taking the lead in refinancing and logistics, to ensure continuity of production operations.
In addition, the Shanghai epidemic has had less impact on the company’s production operations, maintaining its previous new production capacity of 2022 and q2 throughout the year, and the cgt business is getting better.
The industry has a high profile + full of hand orders and a strong future momentum. The innovation in medicine research and development at home and abroad needs to flourish, and the drug Ming Condé, as a platform leader with an internationally competitive cxo plate, has a uniquely integrated crdmo business model, with new and in-hand orders full and well-established growth.
Focus on the medium- and long-term high growth potential of the company’s small molecules, cdmo (especially preparations, oligo and peptide), cro and cgtcdmo plates. The new crown epidemic exacerbates risks, orders are not executed as expected, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, nuclear
Loss risk for heart technicians, ip protection risk, investment risk, exchange rate fluctuation risk, raw material price increase risk, safe production and environmental risk.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment