
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
(previoustp rmb 188.64) mn, up71% yoy, anatributablerecurringnetincomeofmb1,714mn, up107%
You're not the only one in the world who's going to be able to do it.
1q22.revenuegrovethin1q22wouldhavefurtother acceleratedby 7.3 pptsto 79% yoyunder comparency. Grossprofit
Margin(gpm)declinedto 35.8% in 1q22from37.1% in 1q21duesterm application, whilledjustednon-ifrsgpmatconstanthange benchenhuang, cfa
Improved 1.1 pptsoyto 37.8% in 1q22. The managementmainintainments 2q22e, assumingattheomicronoutbreakinshalanghauldbulargely undercontrolbytheendofapril.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's got it.
19 projectsin1q22andthemanagementextevenuefrom shareholdingstructure commerciovid-19 projectstofurthrampupqorthesof2022.
I mean, it's actually not working that way, it's not working that way-covidchemicalmoservices deliveredanimpressivevenuegrrowthof 56% yoy, whichwasattributable to wuxiapptec'suniquerdmobusinist. the company's scdmo.
2022 (vs1,666asofdec 2021), including49projectsinphaseiiiand42commercialstage.to
Accordategrowingdemand, wuxiapptecaimstoinstoinvest 9-10bnin capexin2022e (vsrmb 6.9bnin2021), and ~60%ofthecapexwillgotosource: bloomberg
12-mthpriceperformance cell&geneherapy(cgt)ctdmosegmentrebodedin1q22.ggt
I'm sorry, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
It's a sofmar2022, the companyhad 14tessaevaluation projects, indicating goodcustomerdemand.weexpectthegpmofwuxiausementto i prove withtheramp-upinutilizationofhenewly-Builtshanghailingang
I don't know, siteandphiladelphasite. source: bloomberg a9-yaardcfmodel (wacc: 9.74%, terminalgrothrate: 3.0%).
Auditor: deoitte larningssummary relatedreports
I've been trying to get a little bit of work to do with it, and I've got a lot of work to do with it, and I've got a lot of work to do with it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, therearchanalynchorisprispyresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatect to the securities orissuerthattheanalystcoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressedaccuratelyreflefectorherpersonviewsaboutthesubjectsecurities orissuesueswas,is,orwillbe,directlydirected
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
♪ And bigmratings forgot: stockisnotratedbycm
Outperform mark-perform underperform
"and internationalglobalmarketslimited and internationalglobalglobalmarketslimited" ("cmbigm") iawhollyownedsubsidiaryofcmbinternationalcapitalformationmed (awholly reported subsocialofchinamerchantsbank)
I don't know if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
Of, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestssareindarenotgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultoftheirdependenceontheperformancyofundercoveringassets orothervariablemarketfactors. and bigmmmendhathativostsssouldinndentlyvaluateblinvestmentsandtrateratements, anddencururesinvestors to consultaprofessionalfinanciacultorinatories.
I'm sorry, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, hasbeenpreparedby the cmbigm, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsofcirientscmbigmorits affiliate(s) thomitistbuted.thisportisnotototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforsolicitationtobuyorsellanysecorityornyinterestensenciesorenterintoanytransactions.nether and bigmnonyofofsaffialates, shareholders, agents, directors, officesorsorremspromyyèsaliableforanyls
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
There's a lot of other things, but there's a lot of other things that we can do about it, and there's a lot of things that we can do about it.
I'm not sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm not going to be able to do it, and I'm going to be able to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it with the company.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinatricalle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.)oftheorder, and maynotberovidedtootherpersonsofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof & Bigm.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'll be able to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Insingaporetoapersonwhoisnostanacrediteinvestor, expertinentoraninstitutionalinvestor, asdefininedinthesecuritiesandfuturesact (cap.289)of singpore, and bisgaceptslegalrespansiabilityforthecontentsovensootherporttosuchpersonsonsonlytotheextentrequiredbylaw.singaporeccipitssooultact &bisgat+65635054400formaticsattersaresingfrom, orincontractactionwithport.