Pharmacy Condium: q1 outperforms expectations and takes a new step. \triangleright \triangleright \
On 10 April 2022, Pharmacy Condé issued a 2022 q1 performance forecast: q1 forecasted operating income of $8.474 billion in 2022, an increase of 71.18 per cent over the same period; net profit on return is expected to be 1.643 billion, an increase of 9.54 per cent over the same period; net profit on adjusted non-IFRS returns are expected to be realized
\triangleright \triangleright 2022 \q1 earned $8.474 billion in operating revenue, an increase of 71.18% compared to the previous period of the company.
65% to 68% of the clients expect a quarterly income growth rate to be the highest in a single season. Moreover, if Zhou Xiao Xiao Xiao, with the recurrent effects of the epidemic, the company launched a business continuity plan in time to secure production operations.
Sustained stability to meet the demand for timely delivery of client orders and continuous global client empowerment. Profit ends perform well and significantly outpace income growth \triangleright
Research assistant: Ye Peach q1 in 2022, with a net return profit of 1.643 billion yuan, an increase of 9.54 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 2,053 million yuan in the overall non-IFRS, an increase of 85.82 per cent in the same year;
The impact of fair value changes and returns on investment is greater in terms of the value of the capital, and the net profit from the adjustment is more reflective of the actual performance of the public sector. The profit-side performance is facilitated by the company’s continuous improvement in the efficiency of its operations, resulting in a continuous increase in the utilization of its capacity and the further realization of its economies of scale.
1. The Annual Report 2021 (603259.sh) shows a convergence of five major lines of business to accelerate capital spending and guide the company ' s rapid growth \triangleright
The company continues to optimize and exploit business synergies across platforms and accelerate the pace of globalization, and continues to strengthen the company ' s unique performance forecast for the year 202021: Pharmacy Convergence: Performance
Specially integrated crdmo+ctdmo business model, from “following the project” to “following the drug score, moving the five blocks together,” expanding services. Short-term chemical operations plus testing operations plus biological operations maintain high growth.
The situation, the medium- and long-term cytogenetic treatment and ddsu operations are about to materialize. At the same time, in 2022, the company predicted that profits would continue to grow at a high rate, that ecological production facilities would continue to be built, and that internationalization would take place.
4. Pharmacy Condé (603259): 2020q2 performance returned to positive regular levels, and the trend towards improved income end-ring is expected to continue throughout the year.
There is a clear profit gain, based on the lead in cellular therapy cdmo, the methodological and analytical logic of the study, the independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and views. The study clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.