The company published its first report in 2022. In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved total operating income.
The net profit from motherhood was $8.474 billion and $1,643 million, representing an increase of 71.18 per cent and 9.54 per cent, respectively; the withholding of $1 billion, an increase of 102.11 per cent, and the testing of businesses, biological operations, cellular and gene therapy ctdmo, generating revenues of $1,279 million, $533 million and $299 million, respectively, respectively.
At the end of the quarter, the company’s inventory stood at $6,415 million, an increase of 108 per cent over the same period. The Department continued to promote capacity-building. With regard to chemical operations, a long-term plant for the production of raw materials was completed in one quarter, and work began on a three-phase plant for the production of gmp.
It includes a research and development centre and two production workshops. By the end of the quarter, the company was building $6,749 million, an increase of 90.5 per cent.
To ensure synergy and accelerate the pace of globalization, to continuously strengthen the company ' s unique and integrated business model of crdmo (joint research, development and production) and to provide a real one-stop shop that meets client expectations, understaffing, risk of failure in drug research and development, loss of large clients, industry
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.