Medical Health Research Center, return to work in Shanghai, q2 performance guide over-expected.
Business activities have largely returned to normal, maintaining performance guidelines for the second quarter and for the year as a whole, having performed well for the second quarter, having resumed work in Shanghai, maintained 63 per cent performance guidance for the second quarter, and updated guidance for the second quarter better than we expected.
In the wake of the Shanghai outbreak, the company implemented its operations in a timely and efficient manner, strengthening its integrated service system and accelerating the deployment of overseas capabilities. The company, as the cxo section of the industry, continuously strengthened its unique integrated crdmo and ctdmo business models to ensure orders.
3. The 2022q1 performance is higher than expected, the epidemic does not change to higher and more efficient delivery, and future performance is more certain. In addition, companies are constantly accelerating the deployment of overseas capabilities, so that 70 per cent of net funding will be used for overseas operations, and we expect to raise funds mainly for the United States and Singapore.
Businesses related to wuxichemistry, the organization of overseas operations keep moving fast, 5. "A year-round performance, future growth momentum -- industry is strong, orders are full, companies are fully motivated to develop in the future.
As a platform leader with an internationally competitive cxo block, drug Mind has a unique and integrated crdmo business model, with new signatures and hand orders full and growing with certainty. Focus on small company molecules cdmo (especially formulations, oligos)
Medium- and long-term high growth potential of pre-cro and cgtcdmo plates with peptide operations. New crown disease increases risks, orders are not executed as expected, overseas regulatory risks, release risks, nuclear (8621), 60870953
Loss risk for heart technicians, ip protection risk, investment risk, exchange rate fluctuation risk, raw material price increase risk, safe production and environmental risk.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment