q1 achieves beautiful performance, high innovation, 27/04/2022 Research Assistant: Ye Peach
\triangleright 1 performance report 2022 issued by \triangleright: q1 in 2022, the company achieved operating income of 84.70 billion yuan, an increase of 71.2 per cent over the same period, and net profit on maternity of 1.64 billion yuan, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period;
Realization of the adjusted non-IFRS net return to the mother is $2.05 billion, an increase of the same year.
q1 performance high growth, high innovation 2. Annual report 2021 \triangleright (603259.sh)
Review: cxo leads to beautiful responses, strong growth performance q1 achieved operating revenue of $8.47 billion in 2022, an increase of 71.2 per cent over the same period, and sustained quarterly round growth, up to an all-time high, except in the first quarter of 2020, when it was affected by the new crown epidemic.
3.2021 Yearly performance forecast: Pharmacy Condé: Quarterly Performance Performance Demonstrates that rely on a unique crdmo/ctdmo business model, always “accompanies the expected five blocks”
Follow the molecules, follow the customers, follow the science, achieve accelerated growth in income, sustain the driving force of public opinion: sustain high growth in profitability, sustain the rapid development of the Eco-Cyculatory Division and better empower clients.
\triangleright earned $6.12 billion in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 102.1% over the previous quarter, of which small molecular medicine.
At the same time, companies have continued to accelerate the build-up of their capacity to expand the molecular pipelines of the integrated crdmo platform, accelerating the expansion of the global layout and capacity of small molecules’ cdmo operations. The year will continue the trend of growth in recent years.
During the quarter, the operating block achieved income of $1.28 billion, a 31.7 per cent increase over the same period. Of this, the laboratory analysis and testing generated income of $910 million, a 39.9 per cent increase over the same period. Clinical cro and smo achieved a return to growth.
3) Biology (wuxibiogy): New molecular type-driven growth, which will continue in 2022, will yield $530 million in revenue for the business block in one quarter, an increase of 26.2 per cent over the same period, with a 110 per cent increase in revenues related to macro-molecular organisms, pharmaceuticals and new molecule types, and a percentage of income from biological business.
Class service capacity drives the rapid growth of the plate. 4) Cells and gene therapy ctdmo operations (wuxiatu): 2022 will be the year of transition, with the business block earning $30 million in one quarter, an increase of 37.0%.
The development of a therapeutic ctdmo service platform, and the continuous expansion of the integrated ctdmo support line, will allow global production to provide integrated testing, process development and production uniforms for cell and gene therapy clients, enabling them to accelerate research and development innovation.
5) National Department of New Pharmacy Research and Development Services (Wuxiddsu): Business will be upgraded in 2022 to enable China's clients to achieve higher levels of innovation and research and development.
The Ministry of New Pharmacies and Development Services has upgraded its operations to meet the higher demand for China’s new medicines and new research and development projects are based on entirely innovative drugs, making research and development more difficult and long-cycled, thus having an impact on current performance.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.