Operating steady under the epidemic, platform capacity continued to grow, high drug Ming Condé (603259) incident: Ming Condé issued a first quarter report in 2022. Companies achieved $8.474 billion in operating income.
\triangleright Practice No. s150510040001 and fair value losses have a greater impact on net profit on scale, while the appreciation of the renminbi affects corporate gross aggregates
The crdmo flow is clear, and chemical operations have grown in capacity and performance. 2022q1, chemical operations have achieved \triangleright revenues of $6.118 billion, i.e. +102.11 per cent, excluding the new crown commercialization project, and the same income.
According to the “following molecules” strategy, the flow of the crdmo funnel tubes has become apparent, with a significant increase in q1 of 217 new molecules, and a total of servicemen.
As many as 121, with income of $251 million, the capacity-building of new molecules has been particularly effective. Testing operations and the steady development of biological operations. 2022q1, with testing operations achieving income of $1,279 million, further improving the utilization of internal resources.
+26.17%, del has over 1,100 clients, new molecule types and biopharmaceutical-related revenues are equal to the same technical development, and the company has established three centres of excellence covering non-alcoholic fat hepatitis, antiviral, neurology and geriatrics, providing continuous technical support.
ctdmo flow and tessa technology-driven attu business development, with ddsu operations facing transformational upgrades. 2021q1, at $299 million, compared to 36.99 per cent. The ctdmo platform gradually took on the role of channeling, servicing 74 projects (59 preclinical + 1, 7 11, 59 preclinical + 1
4 stints, 4 bla); heavy weight technology Tesa was released in March, and there are now 14 evaluation projects. ddsu operations are in the process of transformation and upgrading, with 22q1 generating $241 million, equal to \triangleright
Risk factors: Increased industry competition, risk of declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing in the pharmaceutical sector, domestic and international policies, loss of core skilled personnel, etc.
She's a member of the team and a doctor of medicine at the Beijing Institute of Science and Medicine. She worked in the pharmaceutical industry for five years.
In July 2021, he joined the Sindash securities, which he was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a member of the team, the Master of Pharmacology, of the University of Shanghai Transport, who worked clinically at ppccjam and paraexel, and in 2021 he joined the Sindash securities, which he was responsible for research in the cxo industry.
General Nguyen, team member, Master of Economics, University of South China, two years of experience in securities practice.
Wu Xin, a member of the team, and a master's degree in biomedical engineering at Shanghai Transport University, joined the Sinda Portfolio in April 2022, which is responsible for the medical instruments and the components of the Chinese Pharmacy Plate Study. Nor will it be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.