Downstream contraction, shock relief and chassis technology.
\triangleright surmises that the weak growth in the sale of , the high prices of raw materials and the slower production of aluminium alloy chassis and vp (electronic vacuum pumps) have contributed to the decline in company q4 performance.
The increase in performance was mainly due to the new and listed Fordonna chassis (control arm, scaffolding, etc.) operation in 2018 \triangleright \trangleright
The reasons why the four-quarterly performance of the traditional business was considered to have declined significantly over the same period may include, for example, the maintenance of high oil prices for most of the quarter and the high cost of raw materials for soundproof products of the company: the maintenance of high prices for aluminium raw materials;
The lower than expected sale of some of the models has led to some of the company’s production capacity being idle.
It is hoped to become a scarce, light-quantified chassis mixer: Aluminium alloys just produced by the Top Group in 2018 can be turned around, and by-products of the side racks can be combined with their original control arm, in a variety of combinations through the concussion liner in their main camp. The product of domestic spare parts suppliers is now generally single-structured and narrow-ranged.
With the tight implementation of the “double calculus” and the gradual spread of new energy vehicles, we recognize that we will be able to build a new energy vehicle.
A light quantification of base plate aluminium alloys with high value for sex and low penetration rates is expected to break out. A 55-59% increase is expected in 2019-2020 in the Tupou base plate operations (including aluminium alloy control arms, turnovers, side racks, and bottom plate structures). By 2020, the share of the business in Tupou camp will be around 2018.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East is not selling as much as expected; the price of raw materials has risen dramatically.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the profile of the research assistant.
Liu Qinghua University Bachelor of Arts, Dartmouth College, United States of America, seven years of experience in project management and technology development in the auto parts and components industry at home and abroad.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.