Aluminium South Mountain Industries (600219) Material material  Steady low valuing performance q4 Māori rate with a review of the return trend in the Aluminium South Mountain Industry
The company issued three quarterly reports, yielding $16.327 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of $1.6 billion, a decrease of 18.30 per cent.1 The full-chain advantage is highlighted and performance is relatively stable: companies have the only global income.
The entire aluminium processing industrial chain (aluminium/hot-roll-cooled-crystal) of the same area with thermal power - aluminium oxide - electrolytic aluminium - molten casting - the main product is largely self-utilized, so overall performance is relatively unsensitive to price fluctuations in intermediates. For example, the average price of aluminium oxide in the third quarter of 2019 was lower on a year-on-year basis.
At 16.68%, however, the company used aluminium oxide primarily for its own use, so that the prices and sales of the end product as a whole remained stable, with revenue reaching even the highest level of $5.78 billion in a single season. And net corporate profits remained almost at over 1.3 billion when the industry fluctuated significantly over the past three years.
2. The Māori rate has declined slightly, but some of the operating indicators have improved: the total market value/flow (millions) of corporate sales in the last three quarters is due to the increase in the cost of raw materials such as bauxite and coal.
There has been a marked improvement in indicators such as turnover. At a point, there is room for an increase in aluminium prices — the South Mountain aluminium industry3 — and a trend towards a recovery in the Māori rate: the profits of the first three quarters, despite a slight fall in the comparison, have been positive.
By contrast, bauxite has slowed to zero in the same year, while aluminum prices have improved significantly in the same year, rising to almost 1%. If the trend continues, it can be expected that the overall Maori rate will rise in four quarters.
The q4 Māori rate is on the rise.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.