Active restructuring of the credit structure, consolidation of the wealth base: On 14 March, the Bank of Peace issued its annual report for 2023. Over 23 years, cumulative revenues of $164.7 billion, or yoy-8.4 per cent, were realized; net profit to mothers was $46.5 billion, or yoy+2.1 per cent; and a negative rate of 1.06 per cent, or a provision coverage rate of 278 per cent.
Performance increases, or are partly due to a restructuring of the credit structure. In 2023, the safe bank collection, \triangleright mother net profit increases at a higher rate than in the previous three quarters, -0.8 pct, -61 pct, respectively.
Revenue pressure, and the negative impact of the surrogate premium rate on the median; other non-interest-based income ratios: industry-based new loan pricing down, stock mortgage interest rate adjustment, and the Saviour Bank's initiative to raise the balance of gold
Retail credit risk preferences. One loan structure tends to favour a lower-middle- and lower-risk group, with 23 years of safe bank loan balances equal to 3.4 per cent, but the mortgage loan balance equal to +4.8 per cent; the one loan risk preference, although short-term pressure on interest differentials, will help reduce the credit cost burden in the long run.
The asset quality is generally stable, and the risk countervailing capacity is good. The negative rate fluctuates slightly, with a negative rate at the end of 23 years.
See, at the end of 23 years, the negative rate for public and retail loans was 23 q3 + 2 bp, and +4 bp, respectively.
At the end of 23 years, the credit card, consumer loan, and business failure rates were higher than at the end of 22 years.
3. Peace Bank (00001.sz) 2022 Review: 4. Peace Bank (00001.sz) In-depth report: Taking advantage of wealth, Retailing the new King - 2023/02/08
The bank has been under pressure for 23 years, but at the same time the company has been active in adjusting the retail credit structure to take advantage of the risk threshold and in saving for subsequent credit needs; at the same time, it is expected that the effect of the downswing in deposit rates will gradually become apparent in 24 years, with the hope that the cost of the debt will be further reduced. In addition, the bank will have 23 years of cash.
24 years pb, maintaining the `recommended' rating. \triangleright Figure 1: Equal acceleration (cumulative) in the performance of the Bank of Peace as of the end of 2023
Figure 2: The net interest income of the Bank as at the end of 2023, the rate of increase (cumulative) in median and year-on-year rates, Figure 5: The difference between the bank ' s net interest as at 23q4 and the split (disclosure value, single season) Figure 9: The bank ' s aum structure (billion yuan) as at the end of 2023 and the rate of increase in the same year
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.