Peace Bank (000001.sz): Red Ratio, March 18th, 2024.
On 14 March, the Bank of Peace published its 2023 annual report, which brought about a year-round recovery, pre-release profits, a full-scale transition from the Bank of Peace to retail banking since 2016, a major effort to create smart retail banks and a strong push for excellence.
Merchant banks are two-way. Integrated finance is the company's niche, based on a large personal customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks, and a complete mix.
Together with the financial products system, it provides a strong nuclear base for a full-scale retail transformation and the creation of leading intelligent retail banks (2) the institutional architecture is being reformed and institutional efficiency is expected to improve.
The branch has strengthened its functions and deepened its integrated operations. We believe that, at the present time, there is insufficient demand for effective credit, and that the country’s total equity/flow/a unit (in thousands) is insufficient.
In the context of regional economic and credit differences, and increasing bank competition, the strengthening of branchesb/h units (manufacturing units) and the decentralization of power have helped to improve efficiency and capacity and to achieve efficiency in corporate strategies.
(3) The wealth management business is robust and the number of private customers is growing rapidly. 1 client: wealth, private customers are growing faster. The number of retail customers at the end of the year exceeded 125 million, an increase of 1.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
The private sector aum grew brightly, contributing 66 per cent of retail aum growth, accounting for 48 per cent of retail aum. The expected internal pressure on revenue generation is increasing, and the money for counter-bullying profits is increasing.
At the end of the income spectrum: a continuation of the pressure, as expected. Safe bank receipts in 2023 were the same as -84.4 per cent, and the speed of growth was slower and the net-rate gap ring continued to narrow. 2 Non-interest income is still under pressure overall. With faster growth in proxy insurance operations throughout the year, agent commission charges are equal to +5.5 per cent. Other non-interest net revenues are the same.
Compared to 11.7%, of which gains, losses and losses on fair value and exchange losses affected by capital markets, exchange rate fluctuations Cost-side: continued cost control, lower credit costs and positive growth of net anti-breathing profits. Firms continued to increase their costs, fine-tuning management, lower efficiency gains, and management costs for the year were the same as -69% cost-earning ratio.
At a lower level. Credit impairment losses are 17.1% year-on-year, year-end provision coverage is 277.6%, and the ring is down 6.1 pct compared to the previous three quarters, which is largely in line with expectations.
At the end of 2023, the bank balance was higher than the previous +2.4 per cent and slowed by 1.4 pct at a slower rate than at the end of September. q4 quarterly loan balances were reduced by $18.6 billion, or 46.4 billion less; of this, $40.7 billion was added to public loans, zero was sold, and the contraction continued.
The company actively adjusts its risk preferences, continuously promotes the restructuring of individual loans, increasing low-risk investment, such as mortgages, and costs fall relatively late. q4 interest-bearing liabilities have a flat interest-rate ratio in which the deposit-rate ratio is equal to 1 bp. We judge that the asset end-of-end rate of return may continue down in 2024, with the cost dividend down on the end-of-debt deposit gradually falling.
In terms of the breakdown of the quality of loan assets: 1 to public is relatively stable: at the end of 2023, the general enterprise loan deficit rate was 0.74 per cent, a slight increase of 2 bp over the same period. In the focus area, the non-performing rate of loans to public real estate fell by 57 bp to 0.86 per cent on the same basis; local government financing platforms (with an overall change to general corporate-type loans and still managed loans under the platform)
Loan balances of $78,993 million, with no non-performing loans. 2 Retails fluctuated: at the end of 2023, the rate of non-performing loans was 1.37%, an increase of 5bp per cent.
The poor rates are relatively low, at 0.83 per cent and 0.3 per cent, an increase of 9bp and 2bp over the same period. In our judgement, under current economic pressure, retail-end credit, high-yield loans still have adverse generating pressures, but it is expected to be generally manageable under the company ' s proactive adjustment of risk preferences and optimization structure.
Investment proposal: We expect a modest increase in the size of the bank ' s loan in 2024, with a narrow balance of interest pressure, but a narrow reduction: a steady recovery in non-interest income, which is expected to remain under pressure. But taking into account the overall stability in asset quality, adequate provision, net profit is expected to be smooth with sustainable support for real economy claims
The net rate is 0.46 times, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Figure 2: Bank of Peace 4q23, net profit ratio - 11 per cent, - 23 per cent
The Eastern Bank of Peace (000001.sz): The proportion of redscores is higher than expected, and the credit risk preference is reduced proactively - the 2023 Annual Report is rated.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Peacebank (000001.sz): An over-predicted percentage, proactive credit risk reduction preference - 2023 Annual Report Review, Lin Ying Master of Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Multi-year experience in banking research, analysis of successive national gold securities, sea-ton securities, wind-wind securities banking
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.