The company's two major transformationists, the wealth management and the platform, and the introduction of the advanced tamp model to facilitate the transition, have been very effective. The buyer's investment in the East has come, and the company will have a pre-emptive advantage.
The Internet’s genetic base is hardened, and the two major financial poles of investment and platform are in hand. Deep-rooted Internet foundations, because of the transformation of wealth management, have become solid for clients, channels, etc.
I. The company is transforming its wealth management from the organizational structure, the investment team, the technology platform, the capital management product and the access channel to two main players: the investment team is growing and, by the beginning of 2020, 2,384 clients accounted for 30.93 per cent of the total number of parent companies, in proportion to the number of clients.
The company's autonomous development of a system platform, represented by the “Growing Wealth” and the crm, provides back-to-back support for investors. The introduction of advanced tamp models facilitates the transformation of wealth management.
Purchase of the third-largest-largest-largest United States-based Tamp platform, assetmark, upgrades in-house investment team building, boosts wealth, manages transformations: 1) take advantage of the Tamp platform, saves time and frees labour for high value added operations; 2) the United States-tamp model is more mature, with the acquisition of United States companies ahead
With its rich resources, China’s residents are able to build a platform for asset allocation abroad; 4) Building on the investment strategy of the assetmark to improve their product risk control and portfolio strategy.
Stewardship-based market-based reforms ensure consistent strategies for the transformation of wealth-management strategies, with firms continuously capitalizing, and continuing to strengthen their core competitiveness in financial management transitions. The transformation of firms has seen solid growth in effectiveness, number of customers, scale of financial product sales, and revenue from managed operations.
The Department, as the first recipient of the Fund’s equity vouchers, has taken the lead in the financial transition and will soon achieve a new pattern of customer-centred and fee-for-service wealth management, drawing on a model of buyer agency that is compatible with the company’s strategy.
▪ In view of the fact that the company ' s 19-year profit forecast is over-expected, the forecast of net return profits in 19/20/21 is over-expected by the introduction of the policy for the industry; the double impact of market fluctuations on industry performance and valuation.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting business Ran Xiaofei 1 Financial Management Transformation: Internet enabler to take off first, to be a fan, to be a wing
1.1 The Internet gene is deeply rooted and running through the income end of 1.1.1: the creation of a flow-driven “breathing wealth” as the first bonder to touch the net, and the thinking of the Web is ahead of the starting line. As early as 1997, it was introduced.
Online transactions. In 2007, a customer relationship management system was created, and a complete customer database was built, laying the foundation for a hierarchy of marketing services for the WAS Internet. In 2009, when smartphones were not yet fully available, the WAS made full Internet access a strategic goal of the company, and launched the "Sing Up" mobile wealth management terminal, building a pc end, mobile cell phone Internet platform, and forming more.
In March 2013, the CSRC liberalized the restrictions on “online openings” and allowed non-current openings such as witnessing openings, online openings, etc. The liberalization of off-site openings significantly reduced the marketing and operating costs of voucher dealers.
One-stop money platforms, which function as one-stop shops, are open to all Internet users free of charge. With industry-wide Internet thinking and advanced Internet layout, Huatai securities have acquired sufficient initiative in the larger transformation of the voucher provider “Internet+” and have developed an Internet-based, especially mobile Internet-based, online securities brokerage system.
“Growing Wealth”, the central carrier for retail customers and consolidated clients’ assets. In 2014, the brand-new “Growing Wealth” was the one-stop money-movement terminal introduced by thehua-Thai stock upgrade, whose main upgrade was to bring together the rich features of online openings, business views, securities transactions, product purchases, financial intelligence, interactive advice, and finance coupons, which broke through the old stock-share software.
Stock-buying, information software can only look at the weaknesses of intelligence, and by providing intelligent and professional services, it has highlighted the impeccable and time-sensitive nature and interaction. The follow-up “Growing Wealth” has followed the advances of information technology, and has continued to evolve technology, expand service functions and optimize user experience. In 2017, Release 5.0 of “Growing Wealth” opened up a coupon dealer's strategic layout, and in 2018 it was renewed.
6.0 Version explores technology-enabling wealth management in a comprehensive manner. The upgraded and optimized “Growing Treasures” reflects the win-win and wide-ranging online marketing practices of the Chinese securities for technological innovation. In April 2014, the Chinese securities and the Internet opened up a three-year strategy to open up core advertising resources to the Chinese securities, while the Internet or its associated companies increased stock openings in related products or channels.
In addition to online openings, Walter also collaborates in business areas such as sales of financial products, securities investment services, customer information, high-end investment activities under the data mining line, thereby providing investors with better and easier integrated wealth management.
The Internet giants have joined forces to speed up the de-mutualization of Chinese securities, bringing new opportunities for development from account opening, product promotion, payment transactions, to wealth value-added management. Continuing upgrades + web-friendly flows, “Growing Wealth” stands first in the list of secure coupons.
Upgraded, app brand reputation, user activity, and sticky. From the 2014 app go-live to 30 June 2019, the amount of active terminal transactions as a percentage of total company transactions rose from 72.91% to 88.57%, and the client's dependence on online transactions increased. According to the App Moon Lives data released by Ignoring Thousands, the monthly number of live-times is far greater than the rest from November 2018 to the present.
Figure 6. Mobile terminal transactions as a percentage of company transactions Figure 5. Mobile terminal openings as a percentage of company openings
1.1.2 End-of-income: First to reduce commission rates and raise the city's share of the “betters out of hand” and first to reduce commission rates. Our capital markets are not yet mature, are not highly institutionalized, and there is a relatively high share of bulk investors. Because of the sensitivity of bulk investors to prices and the fact that our traditional brokerage services are monolithic and homogenous.
With the heat of the price war, the industry is bound to experience a fall in its long-term commission rate, and the lower Chinese securities are expected to take the initiative to avoid being passive. In 2013, with the opening of the line, the Chinese securities took the lead in introducing a reform of the brokering business in the form of a “catfish”: 1) a three-point rate of online commission opening.
Started to attract investors to open their accounts online; 2) Compared to a one-size-fits-all model, the Huatai Securities have established a system of differential service charges, whereby clients can open their own service packages according to their own needs and according to a graded fee for the price of services, reflecting the Huatai Securities ' client-centred business concept. The average commission rate for the Chinese Securities Brokering Business fell to 10,000 in 2013.
6.5%, below 7.8% of the industry average, and has been declining since then, and consistently below the industry. As of 30 June 2019, the commission rate for securities brokering in China and Thailand had fallen to around 2.0%, and the average commission rate in the industry had been 3.0%. (As a result of partial data stoppage from 2018, stock-based transactions in Chinese securities have not included transactions in the local currency funds since that time.)
During the year, the stock-base turnover of the Huatai stock market rose from 5.30 per cent to 8.85 per cent; competition in the industry became more white and the company ' s share in the market declined as a result of the general downgrading of the stockholders following the pace of the Huatai securities, but it has been the firm ' s first in the business, and the company ' s share in the market has been the firm ' s first in a row for six consecutive years since the company introduced low-server accounts.
The value of R & D spending increased from 2014 to 2017, to $413 million in 2017, or 1.96% of the total revenue for the year; 704 million yuan was invested in the IT system; the fourth in the industry; and 429 million yuan was paid out to pay its personnel.
Industry first. The company continues to improve its information technology systems, building unified customer service platforms, data centres, product platforms, back-office, management platforms, etc. to enhance system-based management, improve overall operating efficiency and reduce operating costs. Under the Internet mode, business shifts online, reducing the cost of accessing and collecting information such as customers, products, transactions, etc., and enabling companies to make better costs.
Standardized services are available online, allowing the down-line business to be “light-loaded”. The firm push line of the Huatay securities has led to a gradual shift of a large number of standardized services to the line, while the down-line network focuses on high-net customers, institutional clients and businesses by 2015, slowing down the down-line business expansion and gradually reducing the number of down-line businesses since 2016.
There are 241 operational departments with a more sophisticated network layout, with the long triangles at the headquarters central to the country. At the same time, the Department has reduced the volume by compressing and upgrading it, promoting the concentration of middle- and back-office sectors, such as finance, wind control, operations, etc., to headquarters and sub-firms, significantly transforming them into light businesses and significantly reducing the cost of operating departments.
The low-cost strategy of technological upgrading and below-line reduction is quite effective. According to the Chinese Association, in 2018, an average of $27.09 million was earned by an operating arm of a Chinese securities firm, followed by $28.04 million/house in the head of a securities firm, and over-the-counter Internet thinking, leading the brokering business for wealth management transitions, accumulated the advantage of customers, channels, and work platforms.
The easy business model goes to the end of the road, and the shift in brokering from trade to wealth management is an industry trend. Under the pre-existing networking strategy, Huatai securities have created a vast online channel, gained a large customer base with low-server methods, and sustained incremental R & D inputs have built efficient and intelligent operating systems and customer data systems for companies, producing detailed and comprehensive client and product portraits to make it easier for companies to do so.
A good customer-centred service provides a solid foundation for the transformation of the wealth management of thehua-Thai securities.1.2 From a broker to a financial manager: client-centred, client-centred, client-centred vision and organizational restructuring of 1.2.1 for the two main catchers
In the first half of 2018, a restructuring of the structure of the Department of Brokering and Wealth Management was carried out, bringing the Department of Brokering and Wealth Management under the umbrella of the Department of Network Finance and creating the Department of Wealth Management at the same level as the Ministry of Finance.
The Department of Cyber Finance is responsible for training the Department of Business on a part-time basis, while the Department of Wealth Management serves mainly high-net clients. The Department has four main lines (with four to five teams under each main line): 1) retail and wealth management operations; (2) digitalization; (3) financial science and technology; and (4) institutional operations.
The idea of a company centred on customer demand and providing differentiated services has fully permeated the company’s blood. Wealth management has been integrated into the Executive Board’s two main lines, bringing the transition to the corporate level.
In place, the CEO and the Executive Committee, which, according to the corporate bulletin, will be divided into two main lines: 1) services: large-scale investment line, including underwriting, innovation, ecm, research and institutional sales, etc. 2) financial management: establishment of an investment service system with integrated headquarters operations, strengthening of integrated output based on investment-based asset allocation strategies; and on-line development
The Executive Board has made wealth management one of the two main lines, which is not limited to defining wealth management as a corporate strategy. It is not limited to a deeper layering of retail customers, reflecting a client-centred concept. Companies use large numbers depending on the size of the customer’s account assets.
According to technology, retail clients are classified as low net, medium net and high net customers (including institutional clients) providing differentiated services, while the first two categories are singled out by the Department of Network Finance, which provides basic standardized services and general value-added services for each group of people, while more than 10 million high net customers are exclusively responsible for wealth management operations by the Ministry of Wealth Management.
Figure 14. Double-wheel drive strategy
Two-wheel drive, digital transformation.
1.2.2 Expanding the investment team to speed up the transformation of wealth management
According to the company ' s annual report for 2018, of the group ' s total 9,432 employees, 5,731, or 60.32%, of the wealth managers. According to CAC, as of the beginning of 2020, there were 7,708 securities practitioners at Huatai Securities Corporation, of whom 2,384 were investment advisers, an increase of 8.66% from the beginning of 2019, or 28.98% from the beginning of 2019.
Figure 17. Top 10 (combined calibre) voucher investment advisers at the beginning of 2020: 1.2.3 Strengthened platform construction to provide back-office support to clients Building and upgrading of financial management platforms as a catch-all to facilitate the transformation and upgrading of wealth management operations. Companies continue to innovate in mobile financial uniforms
The business model, which upgrades the front-end client-oriented platform, “Breaking Fortunes”; the internal build-up of the crm system, the acquisition of an ensetmark, and the successful introduction of the advanced concept of the tamp model and the refinement of the medium- and back-stage services for investment advisers. A series of platforms built by companies have covered business links and helped transform financial management.
The crm customer relationship management system (CRM) and precision marketing of technology support. As competitive pressures increase, more and more coupons start to move from passive intergenerational to active customer exploitation. The crm system, which started early in the year, is one of the essential underpinnings of the company’s post-revolutionary wealth management. The crm concept is customer relationship management, the core of customer management is to know the needs of customers, and the core of the crm system is to know the needs of customers.
How to understand the needs of clients can provide the services or products that match them only if they know the real needs, which is consistent with the idea of wealth management. The essence of the Walter Crm system is the company’s basic database for developing the whole industry chain, by collating information on its fragmented customers, and thus sorting out the investment preferences, trade preferences, and even potential needs of different customers, providing accurate diagnosis and investment for customers.
In addition, the company is able to achieve precision marketing and heterogeneity control and improve user fitness and integrity through real-time and back-office analysis of big data, exploitation of customer transaction behaviour, trade psychology, transactional data, etc.
The crm system has been very helpful in many ways. 1) In marketing, crm has been very effective at an early stage, with more than 70% of the more than 20 billion corporate property holdings through its own channels, according to the 2009 Securities Times interviews with Chinese Thai securities, and crm has been able to collate and analyse data to familiarize sales teams with customers ' preferences. 2) Crm data is the basis for the development of a finance platform: through clients.
The household data is carefully analysed and excavated, the Huatai securities have defined the customer classification criteria at multiple latitudes, integrating the resources of companies in research, technology, etc., distinguishing between basic services and individualized services, designing a package of service products, developing a system of “Hao-Thai Financial Services”, including 72 service products, and exploring a financial services model for “appropriate products to be recommended to appropriate customers”.)
The data in crm can help to increase the stickyness of stock customers: as stock customers continue to enjoy the services of the Huatai securities, they leave a record of their transactions for many years, and by analysing and digging long-term transaction records, investors can discover their investment blind spots and investment deficiencies, which can increase the stickyness of investors as well. (4) Crm serves the group as a whole: the Huatai securities promote the entire corporate system.
Integration, so the Crm backstage is not about a business, but is supported by the core 1.2.4 diversity of portfolio products, and the whole chain system contributes to development. International experience suggests that asset management innovation is the key to the transformation of wealth management. In the light of international experience, investors manage wealth.
The demand for business generally goes from simple demand for stocks or bonds to demand for diversified asset allocation, such as stocks, bonds, foreign exchange, derivatives, precious metals, real estate, etc. The demand for the services of the customer ' s voucher dealers also rises from short-term asset value added to a fully fledged transition pulse, with diversified management products. In response to the increasingly diversified financial needs of clients, companies rely on their own teams to create their own production.
As early as May 2013, the company took the lead in launching a stock pledge-backed equity product, which effectively connects the financing needs of its clients. Since May 2015, the secondary market has been characterized by widespread shocks, low-risk bond products have regained investors’ preferences, and China’s largest customer has been guaranteed a bond-based product, Hua Tai.
The whole business chain system provides a strong support for the transformation of Huatai securities into wealth management, which is based on mobile Internet-based business processes that bring together integrated financial services based on the whole business chain system and displays large-scale integration.
The Internet is a long-term strategy for the development of securities brokers in Washington, China, and companies continue to upgrade their “breathing wealth” through continuous upgrading.
Internet marketing services for carriers, increasing Internet access, and increasing the Internet flow effect. As the brand effect of “breathing wealth” becomes apparent, online platforms are not only a means of trading securities, but also a core vehicle for companies to acquire retail customers and host family assets. (See section 1.1.1 for details.)
Underline: Focus on personalized services. Companies actively upgrade their traditional offline business point functions, continuously optimize business point layouts, and concentrate their resources on individualized integrated financial services for high-net clients and institutional clients. As clients ' needs are diversified, companies have undertaken sector structural reforms to respond to their needs. (See section 1.1.3 for details.)
Figure 18. Washington securities line, offline integrated wealth management system Online: smart service platform Underline: professional service platform layout
241 stock exchanges, 42 futures stores, 7,129 k-month active users
3,264 visits per person, smart site construction, 560 active users per day
2 Acquisition of ansetmark: Introduction of the Tamp model to facilitate the transformation of wealth management 2.1 as the third largest platform in the United States Tamp industry, withsetmark booming, and the purchase of the United States Tamp giant. On April 13, 2016, the Huaitai securities will be transferred through their fully-owned subsidiary, Huaitai Financial Holdings.
At the time of the acquisition, the assetmark was a sculptor in the United States Tamp industry. The annual report 2016 showed that, as of the end of 2016, the asset management of the assetmark platform was $32,251 million.
The number of service investment advisers exceeds 7,200, with the third largest management size in the tamp industry, after the listed company envestnet tamp (turn-keyassetmanagementplatform), the turnkey asset management service platform, the one dedicated to providing a full range of asset management services for registered investment advisers (rias), brokers, home offices, etc. tamp provides a range of common funds, etc.
Investment solutions, including fixed accounts, also provide back-office service services such as accounting reconciliations, performance disclosure, tax optimization, and information reporting.
tamp provides services at all stages of the investment consultant's business process.