Mid-end high-end alcohol continues to grow, leading to steady growth in South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of $11.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, i.e. + 24 per cent of the year; achieved a net profit of $3.80 billion for the mother, i.e., +38 per cent of the year. Of this total, $1.9q3 earned $3.5 billion, i.e. + 22 per cent of the year, and a net profit of $1.05 billion, i.e. + 36 per cent of the year, while income met expectations and profits were slightly higher than expected.
• The high-end power of mid-to-medium power is evident, with China and South opening its eyes, and cash flows continue to grow robustly. To benefit from market openings and continued spending, income and profits have continued to grow at a high rate in the last three quarters, with medium-to-high-end alcohol as the main driving force, with an estimated high-end cellar revenue of around $6 billion, or +30 per cent; middle-end wine benefits from product price increases
At the same time, regionally, while consolidating the core market, companies have returned to the East and South China markets, especially the East China market, where they are more expensive and more expensive to take over the top of the East China.
The share of alcohol is well under way, and the South China region has been gradually laid out, and market openings have been evident. The first three quarters of operations have been active with cash inflows of +14%, advances of +1.19 billion yuan at the end of the season, +13%, ring + 14%, cash, significant increases in the Māori rate, stable cost rates, and sustained innovation in overall profitability.
The increase was over 4 percentage points to 81.1 (a 2.8 percentage point increase in the third quarter alone), mainly due to a significant increase in the share of medium- and high-end alcohol, a marked upgrading of product structure, and a sustained rise in the Māori rate following the low-end alcohol focus strategy. The cost rate was relatively stable, and continued investment in market costs, particularly in the East China region, was significant.
The price follows the strategy, follows the pup and the five grains, and creates a high-end drinking camp; on the volume and channel side, the core channels are sinking, China is opening up as an important strategic market, and the high-end alcohol is growing steadily and is expected to grow. The middle-end old word and the special 60. capture the upward trend in consumption, and the second-high-end market expansion is a big trend.
Prospective profits and investment proposals. The company's net profits are expected to reach $4.73 billion, $5.94 billion, and $5.94 billion, respectively, over the next three years.
(000568), high- and middle-grade alcohol, product structure upgrades leading to high performance growth 2.  (000568), product structure upgrades are significant.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.