The performance continues to be beautiful, with a constant focus on brand values and profit-making channels.
The tri-quarterly report from Suzhou, 2019, achieved operating income for the company during the reporting period of $114.77, or +23.90 per cent; The net profit of the listed company was 3,795 million, or +37.96 per cent, or the equivalent of eps2.59.
\triangleright 2019 was the year of the firm's three-year sprinting of the 13th Five-Year Strategy, and the center of growth was set at 20%, based on the company's board of directors' deliberations.
On the quoted ceiling, we judge that the annual income increase will also be better than 20% of the growth hub, close to the guideline ceiling. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $114.77, or +23.90%, and 19q3 is expected to continue with its mission of 19h1 for the entire year, officially entering 10 billion single goods clubs (sale calibres) in late October.
With more positive feedback and smooth marketing, a remarkable improvement in the brand power of the special, a combination of nine- and ten-generation high-products on a 300-dollar price belt, a 60-edit version of the special is expected to reach a billion-dollar monolith this year, a 2021-billion sword, and a solid and robust brand rejuvenation path.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a net profit of 3,795 million yuan (+37.96 per cent of the year) for listed companies, and the profit increase was significantly higher than the income increase.
The first three quarters were 81.07%, an increase of 4.14 ppt from the same period, and we maintain the findings of the mid-point evaluation, the expected increase in the Māori rate is due to a significant increase in the share of medium- and high-grade alcohol, and to the fact that the medium-sized liquor business has increased its sales through 60 editions of the specials, scavengers and nine-dates since the second half of last year and the beginning of the year.
The settlement price, which guarantees the Māori rate of the middle-rate liquor business, is on the upper line, so we expect that the contribution of the price increase to the Māori rate in the semi-annual evaluation will continue throughout the year, and that it will be measured in the three-quarterly report. In the q4, the company raised the settlement price again for the nine-generation ads and the national 1573 classics, respectively, and is therefore expected to do so again.
19q4 and next year’s high-end alcohol-rich rates will continue to be positive. Cost rates are generally stable, with projected sales costs tilted to medium-sized alcohol, at 26.39 per cent for the first three quarters, and +0.04ppt for the previous six months.
Up to 5.02%; financial cost falls by 0.45 ppt to 1.33%. The increase in sales costs is mainly due to the increased costs of publicity and market expansion, which are expected to be dominated by marketing activities in the medium-strategy and scavenging series.
The alcohol continues to build the “heart” marketing of the elite club, and the increase in costs has also contributed to the growth of the company’s medium-grade alcohol, which is longer than the high-end alcohol, and has contributed to the company’s “double brand, two billion” goal. The 1573 price increases are expected to boost profit margins and increase brand value added.
On October 29, a circular was issued to adjust the price system for the 1573 classics of the 52-degree cellars. The circular indicated that 52-degree non-scheduled quota prices would be increased by $20 per bottle in the classic package. In addition, the company will also increase the price of the 52-degree classics 1573.
The price of the quota in the loading plan is adjusted monthly, with a further announcement of the price system on 10 December and 10 January 2020. It is our understanding that, for example, in November, the settlement of the quota in the plan will be increased from $790 to $810 and in December and January of next year, respectively, to $20 and eventually $850.
After the billion-dollar target, the country's customers, 1573, will focus on increasing brand value added and improving profit through channels, and q4 is expected to implement a controlled price increase operation to achieve improved profit through channels and sustained catch-up with competitive brand recognition and value added.
iii. Profit predictions and investment proposals; Economic downturns that drag demand, failure to release the pace of performance, food safety, etc. Ujay, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, Master of Arts, etc. Entered the securities industry in 2011, and is now in charge of food beverages, agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.