The reason for the report is that the three-quarters report has a high-quality drinking and a high-quality drink, which is expected to meet the year's target.
31 October 2019 3-quarter performance bulletin issued by the company in the evening stated that net profit in the first three quarters was 3,795 million yuan, an increase of 37.96 per cent over the previous three quarters; operating income was $11,477 million, an increase of 23.90 per cent over the previous three quarters; and basic income per share was collected.
O3 performance continues to grow at a high level and is expected to meet the year-round target. The year 2019 is the year of the company’s “13th Five” strategy’s three-year sprint, and the company will strive to achieve an increase of business income of 15% over the same period. The net profit of the mother is 3,795 million yuan, or 37.96% over the same period, of which single q3 achieves revenue of 3,464 million.
At the general meeting of the shareholders of the wine sale stock of the Pancryston old cellar, Inc., it was announced that the 2,019 cellars, 1573 singles, had succeeded in breaking by 10 billion (sale calibres), and that the next three to five years, the month would be fully marketed and the 9th to 10th generation would be overtaken by the end of the third quarter.
Total market value (billions): 1277 full listings for mating, 3-quarter slowdown in the company ' s old-named special delivery, expected improvement in the four-quarter period, thus increasing the competitiveness of the special in the market; low-end liquor, expected to hold the same ratio
The product structure has been upgraded and profitability has been increasing. Net interest rate on corporate sales in the first three quarters of 2019 Net asset rate of return: 21.69 per cent Increasing profitability. Specifically: 1) Māori sales in the first three quarters of companies have increased by 81.07 per cent.
4.14 pc compared to 84.23 per cent for single q3 and 2.76 pct compared to the same year, mainly due to an increase in the share of medium- and high-end alcohol, lower VAT rates, etc., Mäori rates are expected to continue to increase in the future
In addition, in a single quarter, the cost of q3 was 35.34 per cent for the same period, a 0.27 pct decline.
q3 Sales/management/financial cost rates of 30.78 per cent / 5.69 per cent/-1.61 per cent, corresponding to the 7th floor of the International Centre, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
Corporate strategies are clear, marketing strategies are up. Corporate strategies are clear, companies are firmly committed to competitive marketing strategies and big one-size-fits strategies, national customers 1573 achieve high sales, high-profit and virtuous growth, old Quantue and old wine keep up the momentum, the headlines, and the duo succeed in recovery.
In addition, through intensive collaboration with the Australian Tennis Open Competition, a series of global cultural trips to make the world taste China, the International Poetry and Wine Conference, the Confucius Li Bai performance, the Monument of the Great Monument, and other brands have been organized.
Cultural activities, continued improvement of brand branding and reputation; introduction of the exclusive product of the European and American markets, Ming Gang White wine, successfully marketed overseas; ongoing innovation, optimization and upgrading of the branded products of alcohol based on traditional Chinese white wine and rejuvenation and fashion, with the matrix of innovative products gaining momentum
The performance of the first three quarters of 2019 was close to the annual target ceiling, and the current stock deficit is still clear. \triangleright, good five grain fluids and old cellars.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research. I did not, for no reason, nor will I.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.