Good-looking, high-quality wine prices are on the future.
Companies are state-owned holdings with a history of wine brewing for more than 400 years: the company reports a steady and high rate of growth in its three-quarters performance, as expected. Company 19q1-q3 brings in the city company. Company designs, produces, produces, produces, and specializes in white wine products.
The net cash flow from the R&D, production, and sale of white wine, such as the “Silves of the State” is +47.85% on the same basis. Of this, the three-quarters income is +21.86% on the same basis, and the net profit is the same as the sale, with the main aggregate indicators being in the forefront of the white wine industry.
High-school liquor is the main reason for the sustained high growth in the harvest, the ability of the medium-term drinking special in the first half of the year to use it, the control of the price in the third quarter, the high growth in the high-end wine cellar of 1573, and the success of the country’s 1573 single product by October in breaking by 10 billion. The regional expansion has brought about a steady expansion.
After 18 years of full-blown battles against the East China-South China-South China, China has grown faster in the east and south of the country. The Special + China has raised prices, added reasonable fees, and made profits visible in the third quarter of 19 years ago.
In terms of price increases, the middle-barrel special value returns, prices are historically high and securely occupy the middle-priced belt market (200-400 yuan); the cellar has followed the top-end liquor market by following a poo strategy, raising prices in the first half of the year to give companies the space to raise prices further, in July.
The company made a larger price increase for 43 degrees, 46 degrees, 1573, etc., and has recently again issued an upward revision of the 52-degree cellar's classic loading price notice, a steady increase in the price of high-school liquor, and a rise in profit margins. In terms of product structure, the cellar has increased by 1573 volumes over the specials, and high-end wines have increased or improved.
The cost of the first three quarters has remained stable, and the cost of the single three quarters has increased. The sales rate of 22.7 per cent in the first three quarters of the 19th was the same as in the previous year. The sales cost of 19q1-q3 was used to expand the new regional market, respectively, although the firm was determined to pay more and was expected to be stable throughout the 19th year.
The steady increase in the prices of high-school products and the steady spending of costs have ensured a sustained growth in corporate profits, with net interest rates of 33.07 per cent in the first three quarters, an increase of 3.37 pct over the same period last year.
zhangdx@dxzq, net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
High-school alcohol prices are well received, end-of-school policies are in place and there are no major fluctuations in sales, mainly in the company’s ability to manage channels, both in terms of their outreach and in terms of their control. The reform of channels is beginning to yield results, the management of the public administration team is well-established and its members are stable, and there is a greater commitment to improving the channels, and a significant reduction in the number of operators has been secured.
High-end alcohol production will be released gradually in the future, with a future of 7.4 billion brewing engineering and engineering projects invested by companies up to 60% of their 2019h1 project progress.
The construction work in progress at the end of the third quarter, which was 95% higher than at the beginning of the year, was carried forward as planned, and the project was launched after the end of the year, allowing for the replacement of an old cellar pool that had been used to produce middle-end products and focused on the production of 1573 grams of wine, and the growth of high-end alcohol production will support the company’s strategy of lending. Profit predictions: the advantage of channel control is the basis, the future expansion of high-end alcohol production is the guarantee, and the brand of the Special + Trench 1573 is a sharp instrument.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Cedars (000568). Good-looking performance growth, high-quality alcohol price increases, future availability, retail trade, social services, light-work paper, agro-forestry and fisheries, and textile clothing research.
Zhang Dong-shek's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies