- Three-quarter review of the company ' s quarterly report of 2019, with the company achieving revenue of $11.48 billion during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase.
In terms of products, higher prices for alcohol have led to price increases in the cellars, which have increased by 21.9 per cent and 35.5 per cent, respectively.
High-quality alcohol is expected to remain at a high rate of growth of over 30%; as a result of the company’s shutdown of the nine-deutches at the time of their listing, the growth in middle-grade alcohol revenues is expected to slow down over the first half of the year. On the market side, China’s North and South China middle-class mature market channels are sinking further, and new markets, such as the East China region, are growing faster.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate points during the reporting period have been significantly higher.
The increase of 25.1 per cent over the same year was due mainly to the company's further enhancement of the brand strategy through continuous branding inputs; the advance collection ring decreased by between $100 million and $1.59 billion at the beginning of the year, an increase of 12.8 per cent over the same year; and the company pushed the dealer to make advance payments through unplanned price increases at the end of August;
Zhang Xing Xing’s long-term purchases of goods and a 10.3% drop in cash paid for services. The cellar has achieved the $10 billion target, with more certainty of performance throughout the year.
As of October, the size of the country’s 1,573 silos has exceeded 10 billion (special company calibres) and will hit the 13 billion target in the coming year, while planning for 3-5 years will generate 20 billion dollars in sales revenue. As the company moves up again in the near future,
The price of the cellar, 1573, the old-word feature, combined with the early part of next spring, is expected to be overpriced to stimulate the dealer to make a loan, and we believe that the company will be able to achieve 15% of its revenue in 2019 - 28 West Side of Beijing.
Twenty-five percent of the business target, supported by price increases for the cellars and specials, supports robust performance in the coming year. On the 15th floor of the Central China International Centre, maintaining the company’s “growth” rating, we expect the company to earn a share of business in 2019, 2020, and 2021.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
I don't have, do not have, do not have, and will not have any part of my pay.
The company does not view the recipient as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with the company, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, for example, until it is publicly disclosed or agreed to by the company.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report can be modified without notice, and investors should be aware of the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.