23q3 Refusal operations remained stable, and the subsidiary's tri-quarter performance report for the tri-quarter of 2023 was issued on 31 October 2023. During the reporting period, the company achieved business income of 15,743 million yuan, compared to 12.93 per cent; net profit for parentage was 1,963 million
The net profit in the last three quarters has exceeded the continued investment in innovative drug research and development, and many clinical declarations have been positive.
In the third quarter, there was a better increase in the intestinal nutrient series, the previous collection was about to expire, the rules for renewal were generally stable, and there was a small increase in sales from the current stable level. The number of new 300 hospitals developed in the anaesthetic pain series continued to increase in sales up to the end of the year.
q3 performance has been exceeded and year-round targets have been met. The subsidiary Botaire's Innovative Medicines as a whole has 33 tubes, of which 10 small molecules have 23 big molecules, and skb264 published its key clinical data in esmo during the reporting period and achieved in the management of h+her2-breast cancer.
Orr = 36.8%, dcr = 89.5% of excellent data, new drug listing applications have been submitted to cde for new drug treatments, and subsequent expansion of adaptive disorders such as Nda, Nsclc.
The Cullen Pharmacy Company (002422), Collon Pharmacy Company, Clan Pharmacy Company, realized business income of $3.581 billion in the first three quarters of 2023. Division depth: three business plates are new, innovation is new.
This represents an increase of 21.83 per cent in the same year; a net profit of $640 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 92.65 per cent in the same year; a net operating cash flow of over $1.1 billion, an increase of more than 10 times the same year.
In recent years, corporate profits have been enhanced through the optimization of internal management, and the growth of synthetic biology plates will continue to grow at a high rate throughout the year and next year.
Risks of changes in industrial policies; less advanced R & D than expected; less approved access than expected; experience in the therapeutic industry, primary market investment and secondary market research; use of legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open market information, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.