High-level performance, big infusion and colen drug industry (002422)
The three-quarterly report of the Cullen Pharmacy Industry was 12.93 per cent long; the net return profit was 1.963 billion yuan, an increase of 39.70 per cent over the same period; the net deduction of non-repatriation was achieved; the main authorized sum of the msdsd was maintained with high growth and the internal operating efficiency was optimized on a continuous basis.
Billion dollars, an increase of 4.43 per cent over the same period. The company ' s profit base was higher in the last year, with the elimination of msd payment company q3 q3 having increased its profits by more than 30 per cent as a result of the project payment received by its subsidiary, Colombote, at $35 million during the same period last year. In terms of the cost of the period, the cost of sales by q3 was 21.36 per cent.
The situation continues to be optimized, and we expect the efficiency of the company’s internal operations to continue to improve in 2024. Kawaning bio-performance is expected, and the Synthetic Biology Platform continues to deliver.
q4 demand and prices are expected to remain high, as well as lower costs of scalding raw materials, with a 5.5-33.1% increase in the TKB q3 ring ratio. With regard to synthetic biology, the company is expected to retain a new base.
It was completed by the end of 2023 and designed to include 300 tons of redol, 300 tons of hydroxylated amino acid, tons of tons, 500 tons of plant sulfonol and other flexible production workshops; red phosphorus is in the process of being marketed, and varieties such as 5-hydrazine and wheat horn sulfur are in the middle test phase, which is about to provide company performance.
Colombote and msd will continue to work in depth, with piped products moving fast. Colombo and Mercado will accelerate clinical progress in skb264 (trop2adc). Previously, esmo released the latest data on skb264 treatment hr+/her2-transigent breast cancer 1/2 of clinical effectiveness: orr and dcr
36.8% and 89.5%, dor 7.4 months, mpfs 11.1 months (previous to trodelvy: 4l+iii clinical results, pss 5.5 months, orr 21%), safety: no neurotoxicity, interterrestrial pulmonary disease was observed; skb264 was used to treat relapses or diversions that had been treated through second-line and above standard tnbc
(mk-2870) Three international multi-centre clinical sessions for the treatment of mutation nsclc, egfr, etc., the three clinical phases.
Long, three-shot drive innovation upgrades, a140 injection fluids (Sitosque single anti-injection fluids) were placed on the market in September, and Nmpa accepted. The clinical progress of the Colombote line products is continuing, and the innovation capacity of the Collon pharmaceutical industry is being continuously validated.
Investment proposals: The company ' s fluid plate has grown steadily, the prices of raw materials and intermediates have risen, the Colombo-Thai pipeline has continued to advance, and this year ' s forecast of corporate profits is projected to return to the mother ' s net profit in 2023-2025.
I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.