The industry perspective this week: 26 per cent increase in wind power generation in September, 4.7 per cent decline in the rate of rejection.1 The medium-term strategic view: a faster rate of increase in electricity and a slightly tight supply pattern. Since 2018, the macroeconomic climate has risen and electricity use in emerging industries has increased.
The faster rate of increase, combined with lower temperatures at the beginning of 2018 and higher temperatures in the post-May period, has led to a faster increase in electricity use throughout the society. The increase in electricity generation was faster in 2018, and we expect a slight increase in electricity supply and demand due to the increase in the use of peak valleys. We expect a national increase in electricity to reach 7.42% in 2018, which will increase to 678.04 billion kilowatt hours, with a national capacity of more than 1.9 billion kilowatts and a 44% increase in the share of non-fosssil energy power installed by 2020;
In January and September, 26.6 billion kilowatt-hours of wind power were generated throughout the country, an increase of 26 per cent compared to the previous three quarters of the year. According to statistics, in January-September, 1261 million kilowatts of wind power was added to the national grid, and 176 million kilowatts of wind power was accumulated by the end of September.
A 26.6 billion kilowatt-hour increase of 26 per cent over the same year; an average of 1565 hours was used, an increase of 178 hours over the same year. In January-September, the number of wind-discharged hours nationwide was 22.2 billion kilowatt-hours, a decrease of 7.7 per cent compared with 7.4 billion kilowatt-hours, a decrease of 4.7 per cent compared with the corresponding period. In January-September, the provinces with higher wind-connected capacity were Inner Mongolia (19.3 million kilowatts), Jiangsu (1.15 million kilowatts), Shanxi (1.17 million kilowatts), Qinghai (1.1 million kilowatts), Henan (860,000 kilowatts), and five provinces together accounted for 52.5 per cent of the country ' s additional wind-connected capacity.
The provinces with the higher average number of hours used were Shanghai (1909 hours), Jiangsu (1857 hours), Yunnan (1848 hours), Liaoning (1750 hours), Fujian (1722 hours). In January-September, there were 27 provinces (districts, municipalities) with a drop of less than 5 per cent, of which 16 (districts, municipalities) had no drop in electricity restrictions, and in the provinces of Inner Mongolia, Gilin, Gansu and Xinjiang 4 (district) with a drop of 14 percentage points in the same year and 13 percentage points in the same year.
[Excellent push] is a weekly industry product that brings together policy foresight, markets, hot spots, industry depth and is of great value as a reference for investors seeking absolute returns.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best in the company, with one to two shares per period.
For the next three months, we believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market.
There is a strong demand for electricity in Zhejiang province, China's economic province. The demand for electricity is growing steadily and the demand side is performing well, especially in Zhejiang province as China's economic province.
The demand for electricity has always been strong, and for almost seven years, except in 2015, Zhejiang Province has been growing at a faster rate than the rate of electricity generation, with a significant shortfall in power consumption across the province. The company is Zhejiang Province’s power-generating flagship, with strong performance growth and a significant increase in corporate power generation.
The share of installed capacity in Zhejiang province has been rising year by year, and by the end of 2017 it was close to 50%, and it is taking the lead in the province. In the future, fire power has been added to the province, with limited installed space and a steady medium upward trend in the level of power use, which has helped to increase the number of hours spent on the storage of the units.
In a situation where the development of electricity and electricity is limited in the country, companies actively participate in nuclear power companies and take advantage of the development of nuclear power industries, which helps to open up new profit growth points. In addition, the distribution of light voltage, which optimizes the company’s installed structure, leads to a more stable performance for companies,4 a mix of state companies, and electric power reforms, which benefit the company’s efficiency gains.
The company is expected to benefit in the long term. As the electricity reform in Zhejiang continues, the electricity market will be traded directly, and Zhejiang will be expected to gain a greater share of the market through direct trading in electricity through its leading position in the field of electricity and fire in Zhejiang province. In addition, companies will enter into long-term agreements on electricity and coal to reduce business costs and raise profits Risk factors: the risk of falling demand for electricity: the risk of excess capacity: competition in the electricity market and the risk of electricity price adjustment: the risk of environmental policy: the wind of rising coal prices
Relevant studies: Initial coverage report on Xiangjiang power supply (600023.sh): Growth of performance with power supply gap, deployment of new profit points in the multi-sector industry \triangleright gas chain, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemistry intermediates, and new energy sources, light vehicle quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance in relation to the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or because different assumptions and criteria have been used, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.