In the third quarter, electricity generation slowed down and performed less than expected: in the first three quarters of 2018, company operating income was $43.038 billion, an increase of 14.51 per cent over the previous quarter; total profits were $4.751 billion, compared to the same period in the previous year (600023.sh).
In the third quarter of the year, the company fully owned and controlled power generation companies completed their production volume of 33.816 million kilowatt-hours, a 1.6 per cent increase compared to the previous year.
Quarter-on-year increase (15.3 per cent compared to 29.544 billion kilowatt-hours in the first quarter and 32.919 million kilowatt-hours in the second quarter, 23.4 per cent compared to the same period). The main reasons for the decline in power generation were a slowdown in demand for electricity across the province, a 6.4 per cent increase compared to the previous two quarters (11.1 per cent in the first quarter and 10.8 per cent in the second quarter) and a 8.9 per cent increase compared to the national average during the same period; and a rapid increase in electricity purchases from the Zhejiang province, based on rapid growth.
The national plan provides for an increase in the supply of electricity from Zhejiang province to Sichuan, Xinjiang and other locations in the third quarter, with an increase of 18.5 per cent and a 69.2 per cent ring increase in intra-provincial imports of 40,395 million kWh, resulting in a fall in the growth rate of the company ' s electricity generation in the third quarter, which was 2.09 per cent, and a decrease of 25.37 kWh/triangleright.
In the third quarter of 2018, the national price index for electricity and coal (average $525.7 per tonne) rose from the second quarter (average $522.2 per tonne), with company operating costs increasing by 4.4% over the same period, and the company’s market share of coal was higher, with the overall fuel costs floating significantly. Although the company was not profitable as expected in the third quarter, the logic of our basic investment in the company remained unchanged.
In addition, the company’s participation in nuclear power, photovoltaics, and continued optimization of the installed structures will provide a new and stable profit growth point for the company. The return of coal prices to rational zones in the future is also expected to provide flexibility for the company’s performance.
The value is still low, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating. Sinda Securities Inc. Risk factors: coal market risk, electricity volume risk, electricity price risk, environmental policy risk, interest rate risk.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing. Charcoal, gas chain, special studies on fertilizer, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, car light quantification, methanol economy, carbon emissions.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.