This week's industry perspective: electricity use in the society as a whole increased by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis in September,1 and medium-term strategic perspective: power growth at faster levels and a slightly tight supply pattern. Since 2018, the macroeconomic climate has improved and electricity use in emerging industries has increased.
The faster rate of increase, combined with lower temperatures at the beginning of 2018 and higher temperatures in the post-May period, has led to a faster increase in electricity use throughout the society. The increase in electricity generation was faster in 2018, and we expect a slight increase in electricity supply and demand due to the increase in the use of peak valleys. We expect a national increase in electricity to reach 7.42% in 2018, which will increase to 678.04 billion kilowatt hours, with a national capacity of more than 1.9 billion kilowatts and a 44% increase in the share of non-fosssil energy power installed by 2020;
On October 17, the National Energy Agency published data on the use of electricity in September. In September, 574.2 billion kilowatt-hours were used by the entire society, an increase of 8 per cent. In the industrial sector, 7.3 billion kilowatt-hours were used by the primary sector, an increase of 10.3 per cent. In the second sector, the electricity consumption was 36.2 billion kilowatt-hours.
At that time, electricity consumption in the tertiary sector rose by 7 per cent; electricity consumption in the tertiary sector increased by 12.8 per cent in the tertiary sector; electricity consumption in the urban and rural areas increased by 6.9 per cent in the urban areas by 103.2 billion kilowatt hours in the same year; electricity consumption in the entire society increased by 8.9 per cent in the January-September period, from 51,061 million kilowatt hours in the same year to 55.5 billion kilowatt hours in the primary sector, from 9.8 per cent in the same year; electricity in the secondary sector increased by 7.3 per cent in the second sector by 3471.4 million kilowatt hours in the same year; electricity in the tertiary sector increased by 13.5 per cent in the same year; electricity in the urban and rural areas was used in the same period.
753.4 billion kilowatt-hours, 11.5 per cent higher than the previous year.
An important reference value for investors. [Excellently] Industry covers the best in companies, with only one issue of the current period. [Excellently]
Push one or two stocks. A weekly update, if the offer remains the same, is with the best we've seen for the next three months, and we believe that these stock movements will significantly outpace the market.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Zhejiang Province is an economy with a strong demand for electricity. There is a steady increase in demand in the electricity sector and good demand side performance, particularly in Zhejiang Province, which is the economic power province of China with a constant high demand for electricity. In the last seven years, except in 2015, Zhejiang Province has been growing faster than electricity generation, and there is a significant shortfall in electricity consumption across the province.
Jiang Province’s leading power-generating enterprise has seen strong growth in performance, with companies generating more electricity than in the previous year.2 Corporate management and stock-loading have taken the lead in the province, with limited additional space available to take advantage of the increase in the number of hours. The company’s main fire power, management and stock-loading capacity as a proportion of Zhejiang’s installed capacity is increasing year by year, with nearly 50% by the end of 2017, and is taking the lead in the province.
With limited installed space, the trend towards a steady medium-to-medium power level is conducive to increasing the number of hours spent on the power plant. At the same time, under the influence of water, electricity generation in Zhejiang province has been reduced and power generation in the provinces has been reduced due to precipitation factors, while electricity generation in Zhejiang province has been expanded. 3. Nuclear power-sharing, photovoltaics, optimized assembly structures, and the opening of new profit growth points.
The company is expected to benefit in the long run, as the power reforms in Zhejiang province continue, and the electricity market competes directly for electricity, relying on its leadership in the field of fire and electricity in Zhejiang province.
In addition, companies enter into long-term agreements for electricity and coal to reduce business costs and raise profits Risk factors: the risk of falling demand for electricity; the risk of overcapacity; competition in electricity markets and adjustment of electricity prices; environmental policy risks; and the wind of rising coal prices.
\triangleright Natural Gas Industry Chains, with special studies on fertilizers, agrochemicals, textile chemicals, fine-chemical intermediates, and new energy sources, light vehicle quantification, methanol economy, and carbon emissions.Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
The securities issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, and no special notice may be issued in respect of the credit securities.