Initiation of new journeys The mining energy (600188) incident: 28 March 2025, the company released its annual report, and the company became operational in 2024.
In terms of production and sales: in 2024, companies achieved 142 million tons of coal production, +786 per cent of the year; coal sales, 136 million tons of coal, 1,038 million tons of the same year of coal production, exceeding the annual production plan.
According to the production plans of the production bases, the production of merchandise coal from the base in Shandong has stabilized at 37-40 million tons; the base has continued to contribute to the achievement of the target yield of 44-46 million tons; the base in Xinjiang has managed to reach 30 million tons; and the base in Australia has stabilized its production of 40-44 million tons.
The company plans to strengthen cost management to reduce the cost of coal by a further 3% ton. It is a matter of concern that a relatively low proportion of coal-sourced coal is responsible for the lower proportion of coal, and its performance is more sensitive to changes in coal prices.
(a) Ton, +1.3 per cent; chemical sales of 7.8 million tons, +0.8 per cent; methanol production of 4.105 million tons, +2.2 per cent; acetic acid production of 1.04 million tons, +8.7 per cent; ethyl acetic acid production of 285,000 tons, +32.6 per cent; and acetic anhydride production of 337,000 tons, + 13.5 per cent;
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
For the Golden House, seat b yuan/tonne, 4.7 per cent; for acetic acid ethyl ester, 4810 yuan/tonne, 10.4 per cent per year; for alamine, 9893 yuan/tonne, 4.6 per cent per cent per year; and for crude liquid waxes, $2997 yuan/tonne, +29.8 per cent per cent per year.
Benefiting from the fall in coal prices, the extension of the chain of high-end new chemical materials industry, cluster development, the full output of the chemicals production units, and an increase of 15 \triangleright in the company ' s coal industry in 2024
1 million tons of high-quality coal production; 1 1 million tons of open-air mining in Xinjiang; 2 tons of production per year has been approved and the company plans to start production in 2025; 1 million tons of high-quality coal production in the Holin River in Inner Mongolia and 3 million tons of coal mining in Liu
District planning will be increased to 7 million tonnes/year and 10 million tonnes/year, respectively; the Galutu coal mine, Cao's four-day molten mine will be cleared for use, exploration, etc. At the same time, the company will be guided by the idea of “resources for kings” and will accelerate the implementation of high-quality asset injections by shareholders in the subregion and batches; and will integrate into Xinjiang, Xinjiang and Xinjiang.
Development of the National Energy Strategic Base, active access to high-quality coal resources in the “core production zone”; face-to-face, international focus on coal and non-ferrous metal asset mergers and acquisitions. Chemical aspects: Inner Mongolia Emeritus, start construction of two 800,000 tonnes of HFO projects, Xinjiang Energy; Xinxi future energy half a million
The Xinjiang Coal Chemical 60 ton melamine project was completed with a breakthrough in the processing of the high-temperature fifeto synthesis project: the Lunan Chemical World ' s first single set of up to 3,000 tons of polynoses, the relativation (omb) powder-pressure gas furnaces were operating steadily, and the 60,000 tons of melamine project accelerated its future.
The company will make every effort to promote two 800,000 tonnes of AFOs in Inner Mongolia, Xinjiang and Xinjiang, plus 500,000 tonnes of high-temperature Fifeto synthesis for fast-forward energy, and the integration of low-carbon and efficient new energy materials for Lunan Chemical, to enhance co-efficiency in coalification and expand value-added space.
For example, 53.59%, or 60.03% of the net return under IFRS after deduction of the statutory reserve. At a discounted price on 28 March, a share in cash was 5.6%,h performance was only 9.5 times the market surplus for a company and 5.5 times the market surplus for a company.
In their view, against the background of the current coal price build-up, high corporate dividends, low valuations are evident and supported by the continued relatively high maintenance of the Roe hub, future corporate valuations still have much scope for restoration and upgrading, with medium- and long-term investment value.
Profit projections and ratings: The coal industry is still in the \triangleright period, driven by a shortage of capacity, and we expect domestic and international coal hub prices to be stable over the next three years.
Domestic production can be released, group shareholders’ high-quality assets are injected in an orderly manner and their shareholdings are deepened under state-owned reforms. Industry incentives continue to grow, and mining energy is expected to grow towards “clean energy suppliers and world-class firms.” We predict the net profit share of companies belonging to parent companies in 2025-2027.
Risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and external energy policies; inadequate and expected macroeconomic recovery; risk of major coal safety incidents; force majeure in the company's asset injection process
He was a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's pool of experts, a member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, and a former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association, who worked for more than 10 years on research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
Research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory issues, June 2016, joined with the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, University of Nanjing, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, formerly the Henging Securities Economics and Finance Institute.
In June 2022, the Minister of Investment and Management of the Secondary Sub-enterprises of the Industrial Group, the Deputy Director of Coal Mines, who has worked for many years on the first line of coal production, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre and worked in the fields of coal, steel and upstream and downstream. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of carbon peaks of the China Society of Environmental Sciences. He was a member of the China Institute of Technology of the petrochemical economy.
The expert, assistant director, led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category and Implementation Paths for Carbon Reaching High in the petrochemical industry” and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents such as the national ministry's plans for the hydrocarbon industry, the construction of a new energy system, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development.
Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, University of Tianjin, with three years of experience in industrial research, electricity marketing reform, virtual power plant application research, joined the Sunda Securities Research Development, June 2022
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for public-use environmental research. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, University of South-West Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, July 2022.
Liu Xuan, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, Li-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in coal and coal mines.
Li Dung, Master of Architecture, University of Southern California, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in January 2023 for research in the coal industry. Tang Jiaoyu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong University of Economics and Trade, Bachelor of Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, a management student at the Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal and steel industries. The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.