Australasia: Increased Production and Subsistence, Cash Reserves, Energy for the Mine (600188) incident: 20 February 2025, Coal Australia, a core offshore subsidiary of the Energy for the Mine
(3668.hk) Issuance of performance in 2024, which we rate as follows:
The annual average sales price was 160 Australian dollars per ton, a decrease of 24%. For metallurgical coal, the average sales price was 276 Australian dollars per ton in 2024, a decrease of 23% in the same year. In 2024, Australian coal supplies were recovering and prices remained relatively stable.
In the second half of the year, demand for smelting coal fell. As of February 20, 2025, Newcastle port’s 5,500 calorie powered coalfob prices stood at $78 per ton.
Production and sales have continued to grow, leading to a 35-39 million tons of proprietary coal production in 2025. \triangleright ' s 36.9 million tons of commercial coal production in Australia in 2024, an increase of 10 per cent over the same period;
Coal sales were 37.7 million tons, a 14 per cent increase in the same year. Sales were higher than production, mainly by railways, leading to a build-up of prior stocks, and the impact of the current railway accident on sales was largely eliminated. Sub-coal distribution showed 32.5 million tons of power coal in 2024, an increase of 14 per cent in the same year; and metallurgical coal sales.
Cash costs fell by 3% year-on-year, 15% in the second half of the year, mainly from equity goods, and increased sales of coal partially offset continued cost inflation pressures.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., at the end of the month, Coal Australia had $2.46 billion in cash and announced an interest of $687 million.
At the 20th of February, the rate of return on dividends was 9%. At the same time, the company set aside the funds for this assignment.
Coal Australia is expected to make a net profit of $810 million in 2025, and it is expected to contribute approximately $2.3 billion to the profits of the coal-mining energy belt. We expect that the yield of good goods in Coal Australia will continue to grow in 2025, while the cost of operating cash will fall further.
According to the study of the cycle, we believe that the central price of coal is still expected to remain medium high, with a combined sale price of 162 Australian dollars per ton of merchandise coal in 2025, down 8% from 2024. On balance, we expect a net profit of 810 million Australian dollars in 2025, corresponding to the mine.
The share share of energy, 62.26 per cent, is expected to contribute some 2.3 billion yuan to the profits of the mining energy, forecast and rating: we keep looking for high-quality offshore coal assets and have a sustainable \triangleright
Long-capacity and high-growth space-based energy poles, we are 2024 - risk factors: short-term impacts of changes in domestic and external energy policies; \triangleright \tragleright \tragleright
Decline; risk of a major coal safety accident; force majeure of the company's asset injection process
The Deputy Director of the Sectoral Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) has been involved in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields for over a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project on Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory studies. In June 2016, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzi, cfa, cpa, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly Coal, Senior Engineer, Doctor of Mining, China University of Mines (Beijing), joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre for the coal industry and upstream and downstream research.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant to the China Institute of Technology on petrochemical economy and led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Cultural carbon peaks and implementation pathways” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and the development of a new energy system.
In March 2023, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research and research in the petrochemical sector. Qin Ho, Master of Electricity Systems, Austin School, Texas University, United States; Bachelor of Arts in Electrical Engineering and its Automation, Tianjin University.
Three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in virtual power plant applications, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, and in July 2022 he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in public sector research at the University of Jilin, with a Master ' s degree in industrial economics.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the stone industry.
Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, University of Economics and Management, Esen, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research Centre, Li Dung, University of Southern California, Master of Architecture, January 2023, and Research in the Coal Industry, Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, April 2023.
Liu Bo, a major management student at Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 to conduct research in the coal and steel sectors. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.