Performance is in line with the expected growth in productive capacity: three-quarterly reviews of the Fretel (601865.sh). Three-quarterly reports issued by the company, with operating income of $4.017 billion from 2020q1-3, an increase of 18.81 per cent from the previous year.
Net operating cash flow of $1,689 million, an increase of 68.431 per cent over the same year.
Of this amount, q3 received $1.52 billion in a single season, an increase of 13 per cent in the same year, net profit to the mother of $351 million, 9.46 pct, an increase in the ring of 6.2 pct, an operating cash flow of $885 million, an increase of 723.2 per cent in the same year, and a significant increase in the current company ' s ability to pay back.
Photovoltaic glass volumes have risen in value, efficiency gains have been highlighted, and profitability has increased. In a situation where the impact of the epidemic has diminished, demand from the industry has been concentrated, with 2020q3 light volts “low seasons”, demand from the photovolt machine has increased in both-faced components, the company’s light glass line has been steadily released, the output has grown significantly, and the scale of the benefits has been significant.
The price of light glass has continued to rise since August, reaching a 25% increase at the end of the reporting period, reaching a historical high in October (3.2 mm market average 37/p, 2.0 mm average 28 pm) with an increase of 54%, while the thinning of light glass has further increased the price of one ton.
q4 light-voltage machines are expected to be full, double-faced components are expected to increase rapidly, and industry is expected to increase. q4 domestic q4 is expected to load 18gw, the best single season in history, officially entering "145" in 2021.
Post-indicator pressure will disappear, energy clean-up will be the most powerful driver, and it is expected to be more than 50gw in size each year. Market recognition for two-sided components has increased in competitive and price-equal times, with a double-faced market share in 2019.
Planning for a rapid expansion of productive capacity in the future and anchoring industry leadership. The company is the second largest photovoltaic glass production in the world.
Business, with over 20% of the city. The company is now building 5,400 tons of raw photoglass, and it is expected to reboot in the atmosphere. 2020-09-25 Division is active in financing high-quality, high-quality, up-front productive capacity through the public company platform, raising $1.45 billion in debt transferable capital.
A total of 1,200 tonnes/day kilns are expected to be produced in 2021, and 2 1,200 tonnes/day kilns are expected to be produced from 2021-22.
In 2022, the company is expected to produce more than 12,000 tons per day of light glass. In addition, the company looks at the two-faced boom in the market, and plans to build 42 million square-square glass lines in Zhejiang province and to quickly take over the glazing glass market.
The glazing industry has a typical scale effect in terms of cost control, price and supply: 1) the length of the construction cycle and the high initial investment, and hence the slow expansion of capacity. 2) The length of the photoglass certification cycle and customer closure
It's long-term stability. 3) There is a high degree of continuity in glass production, technical barriers, and head manufacturers, through deep experience, have a cost and product quality advantage in competition.
Investment advice: Photovoltaic glass is a high-quality track with alpha properties, and needs to be rigidly added to the two-bob trend, increasing supply and demand, and still increasing prices.
For three years, foreign companies in the energy sector have been involved in nuclear power, fire power, hydrocarbons, and new energy projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with considerable experience in areas such as analysis of the cost of electricity projects, and research into industrial policies.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.