The demand climate continues with a strong growth of photovoltaic glass taps, and a number of assessments/electric equipment and new energy sources benefit from the increased price of photovoltaic glass, which has significantly increased profitability.
Since the third quarter of 2020, \triangleright has benefited from the growth of photovoltaics, rising downstream demand, extremely tight photovoltaic glass, 3.2 mm glass with a mainstream exchange rate of $24 per square metre, now with a mainstream exchange of $42 per square metre and a small factory exchange.
Breaking 50 bucks per square metre. At the same time, upstream raw materials and energy prices remained low, significantly increasing corporate profitability.
With a projected growth of 40 per cent over 21 years, a further increase in the two-bolith penetration rate of up to 57 per cent over the 21-year period, the overall supply and demand will remain tight, taking into account the pace of productive energy release and the slope cycle, and the price of the photovoltaic system is expected to remain relatively high.
High-quality production capacity continues to be released, corporate leadership is further enhanced, and glazing glass is now a double oligarchic pattern, with the company producing the second highest in the industry. In December, the company completed the first line in Viet Nam, 1,000 tons per day, and set fire to Ka Hing's cold line. In 2021, there were also the second line in Viet Nam, 1,000 tons per day, and three each in An Qing Fengyang.
The current average of 50.05 times the (ttm) level in the cs photovoltaic industry, combined with the growth in performance resulting from the continued release of the company's future high-quality production capacity, is covered for the first time with a “recommended” rating. Demand is not as high as expected, prices are falling more than expected, and capacity is not released as expected.
Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized, securities, Dong Wu Securities, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,