According to the company's proposed increase, the total amount of this increase is no more than 2 billion yuan, of which 1.4 billion yuan is for the production of 750,000 tons of photo-voltage components per year.
On 22 September of that year, President Xi Jinping, in his address to the United Nations General Assembly, announced that China's CO2 emissions were striving to peak by 2030 and to reach “carbon neutrality” by 2060. On 6 October, the European Parliament voted to raise the European Union's climate target by 2030, which will now be higher than 1990
The target of a 40% reduction per year is raised to 60%. The goal of reducing emissions, both within and outside the country, has been set to provide security for high photovoltaic growth, and to boost the demand for two-bond components, which will continue to balance demand over the next two years.
According to pvinfolink, the current average price of 3.2 mm light glass has risen to $37 per square metre, which is more than 27% higher than at the beginning of the year. The targeted increase was approved and is expected to be fully productive by the end of the 22nd year: the firm is going to invest $1.4 billion.
Based on the construction of the plant and the installation of the production line for the 2-day melting volume of 1,200 t/d during the second year of An Xiangyang, which was invested in a total of $1.632 billion, it is estimated that if this year's project starts construction, it will be fully productive by the end of the 22nd year.
The expansion of capacity has increased the city ' s share, and new production meets large-scale demand: after the launch of this project, aaaforl (601865) covered the first time a foreign company could produce glass of more than 1.3 metres, with 182 and 210 large-sized components.
In the process of large-scale future components, the company’s capacity is still more adaptive.
In addition to the expected risks, the risks of trade protectionism, and the speed at which the bipolar component is spreading are not as high as the expected risks.