Fret's New Year's Report announces a review of performance.
The research assistant Wong Qing Hau, who has influenced the delivery of the epidemic + the global demand is exceeding expectations, with the highest Māori ratio in the history of Fretelq4: q4 glass heights due mainly to the slowness of the disease ' s impact from the dragon 's headlet ' s release, while domestic and overseas demand is higher than expected to result in short-term demand and demand mismatches: 1) demand side by side.
Solarzoom data for January-November saw component exports of 67.4gw, an increase of 8.9%, of which a significant increase of 52.4% was recorded in 10 November and the same year in November, and an annual q1 was put into production (initially 20 years q4 and end of the year). High growth in demand combined with an increase in the penetration rate of the two-bob, contributed to a rapid rise in glass prices. Given the significant increase in gas q4 prices, pure alkali prices were partially hedged, with the overall cost ring slightly higher than q3
IL, as measured: 1) Mono: 3.2 mm glass at 44 yuan/pm, with a tap ratio of about 62%; 2) 2.0 mm glass at 1,000 tons of 20q4 on the central Vietnamese line, and a 600-ton production line that began cold repair in late May 20 years and is expected to start at 21q1. Under construction: 1) Viet Nam ' s 2-line 1,000-ton kiln is under construction, with fire planned for 21 years q1 in q1; 2) debt transfer projects correspond
In the second half of the year, and in the first half of the year, two 1200 tons of kilns are expected to be set on fire in 21 years; (3) two 1,200 tons of kilns are expected to be set on fire in the second half of the year and the first half of the year. The company’s optical glass production capacity is expected to reach 11,000 tons per day by the end of next year, nearly doubling in comparison to the next year, further strengthening its leader position.
Double-bonds + large-sized double-hulls, added next year: 1) Structural alpha1-Bond-bonds: 2.0 glass energy supply is limited and production processes are more difficult and Māori rates are higher; benefit from 2.0 glass industrialization, which has increased rapidly this year, with q1-q3 having 15% + 20+, 30% +, and q4 glass being restricted to double-bonds, with a slight increase in the ratio of double-bonds to q3 next year with glass.
Supply and demand tensions have gradually eased and the two-bonds are rising at a rate of 45 per cent a year. 2) Structural alpha-2-large size: this year the Bolivia high profitability stimulated large expansions, and production capacity is expected to remain tight in the first half of the year, with a gradual reduction in the second half of the year, but due to the inability of the old line to make large-scale glass, the supply and demand of large-sized glass is expected to remain tight and the profit is clearly divided throughout the next year, with the large glass premium now being 3 yuan per square metre.
The company has been able to produce a large size in 20+21, with more than 50% of its capacity, and has benefited from it.
Performance rating: Fretel 20h1 light volts, 40% Māori ratio, output plus impact of the epidemic on supply release + global demand + highest Māori ratio ever: q4 glass-high owner
Short-term supply and demand mismatches are expected to occur as a result of the slowness of the outbreak ' s impact from the release of the tap capacity, while domestic and overseas demand is exceeded: 118.5 per cent; overseas, according to solarzoom data, the export of components in January-November was 67.4gw, an increase of 8.9 per cent, of which 52.4 per cent, 63.2 per cent, in October and November respectively; and (2) supply side, affected by the epidemic, 2 1,000 tons/daylines in Forlet Viet Nam.
The impact of the epidemic has been delayed to 20q4 and 21 q1 (one in the second half of the first half of the twentieth half of the year), and the arrival of 2 1,000 tons of production lines in Sinyi Lake (one in the second half of the first half of the year) has been delayed to 21 years (one in the second half of the year). High growth in demand has been combined with a rise in the penetration rate of the two branches, prompting a rapid rise in glass prices.
Taking into account the significant increase in the price of natural gas q4 and the partial hedging of the fall in the price of pure alkali, the overall cost ring q3 slightly increased, as measured: 1) single-bond: 3.2 mm glass based on 44 yuan per flat, with a tap ratio of about 62 per cent; 2) 2.0 mm glass based on 34 yuan per flat, measuring a tap ratio of about 61 per cent, which is historically high.
Le Wu Jinsu tons), of which Viet Nam lit 1,000 tons in 2004, a 600-ton production line began cold repair in late May 20 years, and is expected to set fire to 21q1. The construction project is currently under way: 1) Viet Nam has 1,000 tons of second-line kilns under construction, with a 21-year q1 fire planned;
2) 2 wind-yang-to-200-ton kilns are expected to be set on fire in 21 years; 3) 2 1,200-ton kilns are expected to be set on fire in the second half of 21 and the first half of 22 years of the fixed-increment project. The company’s glazing capacity is expected to reach 11,000 tons per day by the end of next year, nearly doubling from year to year, further reinforcing its leader position.
Double-bonds + large-sized double-αs, added next year: 1) Structural alpha1-Bond-bonds: 2.0 glass energy supply is limited and production processes are more difficult and the Māori rate is higher; benefiting from 2.0 glass industrialization, the rate of penetration of the two-bonds has increased rapidly this year, slightly, and is expected to rise again next year at a rate of 45 per cent per year as the demand and supply of glass have eased.)
Constructional alpha-2-large size: this year ' s high-profit glass stimulates large expansions. Production capacity is expected to remain tight in the first half of the year and slow in the second half of the year. However, due to the inability of the old line to make large-sized glass, supply and demand of large-sized glass is expected to remain tight for the whole of the year, profit is evident, and the large-scale glass premium is now 3 yuan/squarem.
More than 50 per cent of the model ratio has fully benefited from it, and East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio advisory committee.