The first three quarters of the year, with revenues of $4.016 billion, an increase of 19 per cent, a net profit of $812 million, an increase of 60 per cent.
Meanwhile, the company announced the release of 450 million shares a, which was approved by the CMS. Global demand recovery, accelerated bipolar penetration, delays in the release of supplies, and diversification of product specifications contributed to the continued rise in the light glass landscape in the second half of the year: 3.2 mm specifications from q2
After 24 bucks per square metre, the rise started in late July and went up to the current $35 to increase to more than 28 yuan per square metre; and the unit price of small or large-sized products is higher than the mainstream price.
A certain amount. Although the company stopped manufacturing a 600-ton production line in May, resulting in q3 actually worked. 2. Semi-annual performance was over-expected, with a higher rate of bipolar penetration, a single-season revenue and a net profit ring increase of 18% and 43%, respectively, a single-season Maori round increase.
Loss of output. Taking into account that the current market price for photovoltaic glass is now higher than the measured q3 average price, 3. “Financing acceleration, consolidation and maintenance of the vanguard position have increased, but it is expected that corporate income, profits and profitability will continue to increase at a high circular rate.
4. “Incentives for Stocking Cores to Build Competitiveness: Unreasonable Policy Limitations have been amended as a general event, yet liberalization of indicators is still difficult to shake the dominant position: According to the latest policy document of the Ministry of Information and Communications (for comments), photovoltaic glass is still in excess of production capacity.
The floating glass, together with the cement industry, which is being restricted to new projects, is clearly not in line with the current and future serious supply of and demand for photovoltaic glass.
As a result of the subsequent rationalization of the relevant industrial policies, it was argued that the orderly liberalization of new light glass production indicators in a defined form was the result of a relatively high probability, and that, while industrial expansion could be significantly reduced in the short term, it also removed the full-blown industrial head extension in terms of technology, finance and enforcement.
The chains of speed will, on the one hand, contribute to the accelerated optimization of industry patterns and, on the other hand, to photovoltaics, the gradual return of glass prices to a reasonable level, and the continued decline in photovoltaic power generation, which will have more than negative effects on the medium- and long-term development of the current photovoltaic taps and the photovoltaic industry.
As the speed and range of glass increases continued to be higher than expected in the second half of the year, we based our scores on the latest product prices, and then averaged the final rating as the average market investment