Fred, the glass tap continues to expand, benefiting the deep industry, the glazing glass industry has full access to the vast growth space of the photovoltaic industry and benefits from the penetration rate of the two-bond components.
Continuous upgrading, accompanied by slow technology and stable industry patterns; short-term price increases due to demand and supply-side mismatches, which are expected to maintain a tight balance of supply and demand next year. Firm corporate leadership, new productive capacity, support market share, is expected to grow faster, and coverage for the first time is expected to provide a higher rating.
The first advantage is evident in light glass taps: Fred is the leading glass manufacturer in the country, one of the first businesses in the country to enter the light glass industry, where the city now accounts for more than 20%.
The continued expansion of production forms the basis for raising the market share: by the end of 2019, the company’s photovoltaic glass ton/day kilns and production lines were under construction, with production expected to continue in 2021.
The construction of two 1,000 tons/day kilns and production lines has returned to normal in the wake of the epidemic.
A strong recovery in light-voltage demand followed by a similar high-profile situation: we projected a global photo-voltage aircraft of about 120gw in 2020, which is the same ratio; demand is expected to reach 160gw and 190gw in 2021-2022, respectively.
We measured global photovoltaic glass demand of about 658, 870, 10.16 million tonnes in 2020-2022, 32.18% and 16.79% in 2021-2022, respectively. As a result of the slowdown in industrial expansion caused by the epidemic, the demand for components has been gradually increasing in recent years.
The boom, the glass supply and demand gap are beginning to appear, the price of the deal has risen significantly, the price is high, the Sino-Soldier International Securities Corporation (CIPI) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
The impact of the new crown epidemic is higher than expected; industrial capacity releases are higher than expected; bipolar penetration is less than expected; original (86221) 20328319 price fluctuations for materials and fuel power; corporate capacity expansion is less than expected; and photovoltaic policy risks.
Fretel is one of the country's first-ever firms to enter the light glass industry, and in 2006 he became the country's first-ever firm to break the international giant's technology and market monopoly on light glass.
The company’s main business is the development, production and sale of photovoltaic glass, floating glass, engineering glass and home glass, and the extraction and sale of glass-based quartz mines, the company’s most important product. The company was listed on h shares in 2015 and on a stock in 2019. The company actually controls the combined shareholding of Nguyen Hongh Liang and his co-operators by more than 57%, and the equity structure is concentrated and stable.
Figure 47. Distribution of main products in Frett. Plasma glass has high industry barriers, with clear front-loading advantages: high technical barriers to photovoltaic glass, mainly due to low iron control and temperature control, long-term technological experience and well-developed process processes that form part of non-glass manufacturing enterprises entering the light glass industry.
In addition, the super-white glass production line is more demanding than the normal glass production line in terms of material design, assembly process, kiln structure, melting process, control process, etc., and the normal glass production line cannot easily be converted into a light glass production line. In addition to the technical barriers, the light glass industry also has barriers of entry, such as certification, customer, size, etc., which result in a small number of new entrants.
From 2016 to the present, the industry has evolved into a central and large-scale authority for production, with technology development moving at a steady pace, and with the first two chairs in the industry with Frett, with the industry forming a double-hatting pattern. In 2019, domestic photovoltaic glass production accounted for more than 95% of total global photovoltaic glass production, of which Irumis and Fret were producing in 2019.
Production capacity increased from 45.3 per cent in 2015 to 51.6 per cent in 2019, with technology and cost leading, and profitability: companies are at the forefront of the industry in key technologies such as photovoltaic glass formulations, production processes and self-explosive rate control, glass product yields are higher than second-line firms, and the spread of production costs is more pronounced.
In recent years, companies have released 1,000 tonnes/day of large kilns with a cost advantage compared to earlier glass-melting kilns, and the need for a high initial investment in large kilns (800 to 1 billion yuan/kt) has made it somewhat more difficult for SMEs to upgrade their production lines and reduce their costs. In recent years, company-represented light glass taps have had a significant profitability advantage over second-line firms.
Continued expansion is a solid basis for raising market share: by the end of 2019, the company had a total photovoltaic glass capacity of 5,400 tons per day. Two of An Qing Fengyang’s 1,200 tons/day kilns and production lines are currently under construction and are expected to be operational in 2021. At that time, the construction of two 1,000 tons/day kilns and production lines in Viet Nam’s sea defence was restored after the outbreak’s effects.
Over $2.5 billion, of which $1.633 billion was invested in 2 additional 1200 tonnes/day kilns and production lines in An Xiangyang, expected to continue production in 2021 and 2022, respectively. According to company bulletins and data from Chewie, the new capacity in the light glass industry in 2020-2021 was miraculous ton/day glass production, but it is expected that the time of commissioning will be between the end of 2021 and 2022, and the company is expected to be able to produce on a large scale in the short term.
Further opening up the gap with second-line manufacturers, thus laying the foundation for a further increase in the city’s share. With a strong recovery in light-voltage demand, the post-higher trend continued to be 40 gw domestic loading throughout the year: taking into account the 2019-2020 bid project, the progress of construction of the parity project, and the combination of home-based light use,
We expect a strong recovery in domestic demand in the second half of the year, with a total of 40gw light voltage and a climate of 2021. Of these, 2020q3-q4 is expected to form a phase-up peak. The demand is changing well from season to season, and the follow-up is expected to continue: taking into account developments in the global epidemic and the impact of the epidemic on the construction of photovoltaic power plants.
We project about 80gw overseas demand in 2020, a decline of about 11 per cent compared to the previous year; global installation of about 120gw, a similar decline; seasonal demand for components in 2020, or up to 133gw: according to photovoltaic crowds, the latest version of the Code of Design for Photovoltaic Power Stations (Consultation Drafts) is formal, setting limits on open matching, and from the review of the new regulations, there was agreement on an increase in tolerance from the second half of 2019.
Prices start, and photovoltaics are generally considered for better compatibility. In Europe and America, for example, photovoltaic power stations are generally designed on a 1.2-1.4-fold-composition scale, so that the demand for photovoltaic components generally exceeds the demand for photovoltaics.
Double-faced glass demand, with supply and demand gaps leading to higher prices Double-faced components in the form of mainstream envelopes: double-faced components with two-face batteries, which replace traditional backboards with photovoltaic glass or transparent backboards, as one of the dominant ways to encapsulate the current high-efficiency components.
The advantages of high fire level, good heat evasiveness, good insulation, and easy to wash can be effective in reducing lcoe in photovoltaic power stations. The dual-faced component boosts the demand for photovoltaic glass: benefiting from the multiple advantages of dual-faced components, the penetration of dual-faced components has continued to increase as industry agrees. 3.2mm, 2.5mm, 2.0 mm thick glass is applied compared to 3.2mm glass-based components.
The global demand for photovoltaic glass is expected to rise by approximately 6.58 million tons in 2020, with an increase of more than 30% in 2021: taking into account such factors as the need for photovoltaics, single crystal penetration, double-face penetration, transparent backboard penetration, we measure global demand for photovoltaic glass in 2020-2022.
About 658, 870, 10.16 million tonnes, 2021-2022, 32.18% and 16.79% respectively respectively. New production activity in 2020 is expected to be at a slower pace than expected: according to company announcements and creative information statistics, industry is expected to increase nominal capacity by 6,900 tonnes/day in 2020.
Considering the impact of the planned launch point and the epidemic, considering the partial recovery of cold-repair capacity, we expect a year-long surge in demand across the industry, and a re-emergence in the price of photovoltaic glass: in the light of the current epidemic control and the recovery of economic activity in the regions, we judge that the global demand for photovoltaics is expected to grow around the clock in the third and fourth quarters of 2020, adding to the impact of the end of the year of the domestic photovoltaic project and the time of the Internet.
Quarterly photovoltaics are expected to peak. We measure that the demand for photovoltaic glass is expected to exceed 4.36 million tons in the second half of 2020, while the supply end output is likely to be difficult to meet, and as the demand for the component end booms in recent times, the gap in the supply of and demand for glass has begun to emerge in three quarters, and transaction prices have risen significantly, either at high prices or continue to run into November-December; in view of the current pace of production capacity, 2021.
The overall supply of and demand for annual photovoltaic glass is expected to remain in a tight balance. Investment proposal: The photovoltaic glass industry will fully enjoy the vast growth space of the photovoltaic industry and benefit from a sustained increase in the penetration rate of two-bond components, as well as the characteristics of slow technology, stable industry patterns, and the long-term investment value of the flagship, as distinct from the main photovoltaic industrial chain;
At the same time, the industry is experiencing short-term price hikes as a result of demand- and supply-stage mismatches, and business profits are significantly higher. The firm’s leadership is strong, new capacity is available, the market share is further up, and performance is expected to grow faster; and the first coverage is rated higher.
The industry’s capacity unleashes higher expectations: the industry is currently characterized by tight supply and demand overall, better profitability, and, if high profitability leads to over-extension of production capacity, there may be over-expected downward pressure on the industry to continue.
Bipolar penetration rate is not as high as expected: the application of two-bob components increases the demand for photovoltaic glass. For example, the bipolar penetration rate is not as high as the expected direct drop in the demand for low-photovoltaic glass.
Volatility will affect glass production costs and adversely affect the profitability of companies. Corporate capacity expansion is not as fast as expected: the subsequent growth in company performance is closely linked to the release of new capacity, which may have a negative impact on the company’s subsequent performance expectations if the pace of delivery of capacity in construction is not as high as expected.
PV policy risk: The current overall landscape of the PV sector is closely linked to the direction of industrial policy, such as negative policy changes that may affect overall demand in the PV sector, thus putting pressure on the overall profitability of the manufacturing industry chain.