The three-quarterly report of Frett's performance has continued to rise, and the productivity plus the power of the dragons has continued to grow.
59.94% of the research assistant, Huang Qing Hao, corresponds to 0.42 yuan. Of this total, 2020o3, operating income was 1.52 billion yuan, an increase of 12.96% from the previous year, the value of the ring q3 light-voltage glass was on the rise, and q4 and next year it is expected to continue to increase: 2020q3 sales of light glass are about 53 million flats.
The increase of about 5% in corporate sales relative to the start of cold repairs at the end of May, at 600 tonnes/Cityline, was due to rising block rates, rising double-bond ratios, and stock digestion. Meanwhile, as a result of the high growth of the q3 country’s average overseas reloading ring, and the impact of the epidemic, the delayed release of the long-term production capacity, the short-term rise in the price of the wrong mix between supply and demand, and the two price increases in the light-volved glass in July and September, pushing the company forward.
q3 glass prices have increased. q4 looks at the season and the supply and demand of glass continues to be tight. At this point, Frett, Shinji, offers $35/m2/m2 and some small factory prices have increased to $40/m2. Next year, given the average annual output release, demand for glass is expected to continue to be strained far beyond the rate of supply growth.
Double-bolithization & strong demand price increases & lower fuel costs, Māori rates are more than expected to rise to 45% +: q3 light-voltage glass compared to uplift; 2) strong demand price increases; 3) fuel cost rings are lower than lower, while q3 is the largest gas carrier in the industry, with a higher rate of cost reduction expected. Heavy oil q3 costs remain low. Next year, companies will be able to make a profit.
Strengths: 1) The release of new capacity: The company Viet Nam, with an over 1000 t/d production capacity, is gradually releasing and the estimated cost is decreasing. 2) The beneficial trend is large: large-sized glass has a premium and is now 3 yuan/pint more expensive than conventional glass, and the company is expected to benefit fully as the larger size ratio rises rapidly in the coming years.
On October 22, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued a letter seeking advice on the Implementation Scheme for the Cement Glass Industry (Revised), banning the filing and the construction of new flat glass to expand the capacity, including photovoltaic glass, and making it necessary for new production capacity to be reduced or equivalent in case the policy is in place.
Local, domestic capacity expansion is limited, the supply and demand of the glass sector will be further tightened, and the policy of conversion of capacity will place the extension threshold high, leading position 1, and the semi-annual report of Ford (601865).
The Māori ratio is 40 per cent higher than expected, with a high Māori rate of q1 innovation and an increase of R$ 4,017 million in q1-3, representing an increase of 18.81 per cent over 20 years; and a net profit of $812 million for parent companies.
RMB, 59.94% increase in the same year, equivalent to 0.42 yuan. Of this amount, 2020q3 achieved operating income of $1.52 billion, or 100 million Pyre. The increase in corporate sales by about 5% at the beginning of the cold repair process at the end of May, at the end of the 600-ton/Japanese line, was due to an increase in the percentage of members, the increase in the double-bond ratio and the digestion of stocks.
Long, coupled with the delayed release of disease-affected flagships, short supply and demand mismatched prices increased, and photovoltaic glass was raised twice in July and September, pushing companies to increase the price of q3 glass. q4 looked at the onset of the season and the supply of glass continued to be tight. At this point, Fret, Shini 3.2mm, offered $35/m2 and some of the small factory offers have risen to $40/m2.
Next year, given the annual even distribution of productive energy release and the need for glass capacity to climb the slope, the expected 20 per cent increase in effective production capacity is projected to be 20 per cent: Figure 1: Photovoltaic glass prices (m3/m); Double-bondization & strong demand price increases & lower fuel costs; Māori rate is higher than expected to rise to 45 per cent +:q3
The large increase is due mainly to: 1) a high increase in the ratio of 2.0 mm glass: benefiting from 2.0 glass industrialization, a rapid increase this year in the penetration rate of the two-bonds, a 30% increase in the share of the q3 company ' s sales of the glass, and an increase of around 10 pct in the ring, due to the limited supply of 2.0 glass capacity and the difficulty of the production process.
Increased: two price increases in glazing in July and September, driving the company to raise the price of q3 glass; 3) lower fuel cost: company fuel is divided mainly into natural gas and heavy oil, accounting for about 40 per cent of the cost, q3 gas prices are significantly lower than they are, while the company q3 is a member of the largest gas operator, with a projected rate of cost reduction.
The cost of heavy oil q3 remains low. Next year, the company’s profitability is high: 1) new capacity is gradually released: the company’s Vietnam, Anhui’s production capacity is over 1,000 t/d, and the costs are expected to fall further. 2) Large-scale benefit trend: large-scale glass has a premium, currently
The company is expected to benefit fully from the rapid increase in the larger size ratio next year as regular glass costs $3 per flat. Sustained expansion, with enhanced flagship status: the company currently produces 5,400 tons per day (3*1,000 tons + 4,600 tons), which ignites; 2) 2 1,200 tons of kilns are expected to be lit over 21 years for the debt swap project; and 3) fixed additions
The equivalent of 2 1200 tons of kilns in Phoenix is expected to be set on fire in the second half of 21 and the first half of 22. At present, the company and Sinicr2 are about 55% in productive capacity, but the ratio of the company and Shinicr2 in new expansion capacity is about 6.
On October 22, the Ministry of Industry and Communications sent a letter seeking advice on the Implementation Scheme for the Cement Glass Industry (Revised), banning the filing and the construction of new flat glass to expand the capacity, including photovoltaic glass, which must be reduced or equivalent.
Volume replacement, where the policy is in place and the expansion of domestic production capacity is limited, the supply and demand of the glass industry will be further tightened, production capacity will be replaced, the Tsala high extension threshold will be strengthened, and the vanguard will be strengthened.
Improved cash flow and business efficiency: q1-3 net cash flows into operating activities amounted to $1,689 million, an increase of 39.28 per cent compared with the beginning of the period. At the end of the period, receivables amounted to $995 million, a decrease of $112 million compared to the beginning of the period.