The seafood industry, 603288, reported in depth, is an absolute leader and an incentive to market.
At the same time, the company’s production processes, equipment, talent, and scientific research capabilities are close to or advanced internationally, and it is well ahead of the company’s listed industry, making it an absolute leader in China’s spice industry.
A total of 148 people directly or indirectly hold corporate equity and have flexible institutional mechanisms, marketing, technology, etc. Incentives for other front-line workers are cash-based, and the incentives are competitive and sustainable. Growth is expected to accelerate in 2017.
In addition, we believe that sea-day increases can cover the impact of rising costs, given the slowdown in sea-day revenues and net gains starting in 2015, and the limited impact of sea-day increases on their sales in 2016.
At the same time, companies have taken the initiative to upgrade the structure of their products, and, under good cost control, the increase in net gains in 2017 is likely to accelerate growth, while increasing profitability. The advantages of management, technology, size, and channels guarantee long-term sustainable growth.
Fine management not only reduces stocks and production cycles, accelerates the return of funds, but also facilitates rapid corporate response to the market. Its strong R & D power and leading technological advantage favour product innovation and lay the product base for long-term growth.
Strong industry pricing powers, far ahead of competitors in terms of branding and product extension efficiency. 1.1 The taste industry is the absolute leader, and the seafood industry has experienced institutional deregulation, branding, R & D inputs, scalding, production processes and installation for more than two decades.
In preparation for technological upgrading and innovation, market expansion and the completion of the nationalization of brands and channels, the company’s production processes, equipment, talent and scientific capabilities are close to or advanced internationally, far ahead of companies listed in the same industry, and become an absolute leader in the Chinese taste industry.
1.2 Management holdings, employee incentives were adjusted to 90 in August of the year), a total of 148 people held corporate shares directly or indirectly, institutional mechanisms were flexible, and the core managers of the companies Pangang, Chang Shei and Le Xiaohui were the actual controllers of the company and were highly aligned with the interests of the company.
The company’s cash-based incentives for other front-line employees are competitive and sustainable. 1.3 Three main categories of staples remain in the industry first.
The most important products of the company are soy sauce, flavour sauce and aphid oil, which are now the most important products of the company, and which are now in the first position of market ownership. Over the years, two of the megabills sold in excess of $1 billion have become over 1 billion.
Figure 2: The growth of the Māori structure of seafood products has slowed, but its profitability has increased. Since its transformation in 1995, China has experienced an annual recovery of nearly 20%, with revenue reaching $11,294 billion for the first time in 2015.
The impact of the high base, which began to slow growth from 2015, was 10.3 per cent and 13.3 per cent, respectively, of corporate income and net gains in 2016. Against a backdrop of rising consumption, the rise in prices due to the absolute dominance of the industry and the continuous upgrading of the product structure allowed companies to increase their profitability from year to year.
Growth is expected to accelerate and increase profitability further in 2017. As a result of rising costs and transportation costs, China raised most of its products in early 2017, followed by price increases at lower than sea level by major branders. We believe that, in the context of rising consumption, prices are generally raised in the industry.
In this case, the impact of sea-day increases on their sales is very limited, so sea-day revenues are expected to accelerate in 2017. Moreover, we believe that sea-day increases can cover the effects of rising costs, while companies are willing to upgrade the product structure, and, under well-costed controls, net sea-day gains in 2017 are likely to accelerate growth, with further increases in profitability.
2.1 Management advantage: continuous upgrading of the finer management of the supply chain, pursuit of efficiency enhancement, introduction of cash-backed policies for downstream dealers, introduction of weekly order systems, weekly coordination of procurement, production and warehousing links, reduction of inventory and production manufacturing cycles, and acceleration of the return of corporate capital.
The establishment of an inventory declaration system in the distribution system to assist distributors in improving the efficiency of the use of funds and stocks through inventory and sales management, and the timely adjustment of marketing and production policies to the volume of sales also ensure that corporate products are not lost throughout the country as a result of stock management failures on the part of distributors and that companies are able to capture the market.
In order to improve the efficiency of the supply chain, the sea sky must detect the quality of soybeans before loading, for example, in soybeans. The time for testing varies from a few hours to one day according to the methods used, and a fast-checking research centre has been set up to improve the efficiency of the unloading, which will take only a few minutes to complete.
2.2 Technological advantages: At the forefront of the country and abroad, strong R & D power is conducive to product innovation. China has a strong R & D unit, a Technology R & D II department, and a Cactus Research Centre, which, on the one hand, innovates on the basis of past products and sustains long-standing boxing, such as gold medallion.
In addition, new products based on market demand have been introduced, such as the "Small Salt of the Sea", the "Smart of the Sea", and the "Smart of the Sea of the Sea" series. Corporations spend about 3% of their annual R & D costs, far above their own level of technology and leading both domestically and abroad.
In addition, the sea sky is at the forefront of five production techniques and processes in the appetizers, both at home and abroad. For example, in the most core of germ selection techniques, the company ' s soy sauce-high fungus breeding techniques are at the top of the international scale, breeding high-quality bacteria, raising the enzymes of germs by 20% compared to traditional ones, and improving the quality of soy sauce; and high-density culture technologies are in the country.
Leading levels, achieving an abundance of enzymes, efficient and scalding culture of high-quality bacteria with strong enzymes and non-coercial contamination.
Some 500,000 tons of ale, 100,000 tons of vinegar, and 50,000 tons of wine. Seat sauce is the summation of two to five industries and seven to eight times the size of a second. With the production of some 350,000 tons of gas from Jiangsu Su-fou, the production base will significantly improve the production capacity of non-meat oil products, such as the company ' s bauxite, vinegar, sauce, etc.
Su's acquisition of 70% of the shares of Jiang Dan and Vinegar Industries Ltd. will result in the addition of approximately 20 million tons of vinegar capacity. The increasing capacity of the production of seafood non-sattle oil products will further lay the foundation for the expansion of the product. At the same time, the scale of seafood revenues is 2.5 times the sum of the second, third and six times the size of the industry, and the size of profits is six times the sum of the second, third and third.
The advantage of size has given companies a stronger industry pricing power, ahead of competitors in terms of branding efficiency and unit cost, guaranteeing a higher Māori rate than their peers. 2.4 Channel advantage: company access is the strongest in the industry, depth and control.
After more than 20 years of construction and accumulation of channels, the sea has become the country's most powerful and complete channel system in the taste-cooling industry. There are now 2,300 local cities with 95% coverage, with channels far exceeding competitors. The national distribution network has made it possible to produce them.
The promotion efficiency of the product is far ahead of the competitors, such as Haician, which launched the sauce mix in June 2011, and nearly 200 million sales in 2014: the seafood oil, which relies on rapid release under the nationalized distribution network, has now surpassed Li Jinxi. The channels are well controlled, and the management level is far higher.
The two-distributors system allows companies to take absolute initiative, allowing their policies to be strictly enforced, and making their distribution policies more stringent than other brands. Unlike many manufacturers, who set a year-long sales target, China assigns the year-long assignment to each month.
Under Hae-tien's dealerships rarely finish their jobs, otherwise the risk of being eliminated is very high. Moreover, Hae-tun manages the dealer's “specialized funds”, which means that the dealer must send an operator to operate the name of Hae-tun, and put out a car to send the ship's products, while the dealer must guarantee that every month
The strong leverage of the sea sky has led to higher income-generating capacity of company sales workers and larger sales by distributors, raising funding. Figure 13: High income-generating capacity of operators at the sea level (2015) Started to adjust product strategies to increase the share of high-end products in terms of R & D and inputs and higher-end products
In recent years, income from high-end products has grown rapidly, with high-end products earning about $2.2 billion in 2014, up to 30%, and the share of low-end high-school products has grown from the previous 1:6:3 to the current 2:6:2 ratio of low-end products.
At the beginning of 2014, the company launched a new high-end product, the Sea Sky, which is the company’s reserve product for the next 5-10 years for the upgrade of the soy sauce, with a strong sales response in 2014 and a contribution of close to $1 billion throughout the year. With the company’s ability to raise revenue, it will be released gradually in the form of the Sea Sky.
The high-end products represented will be rapidly released, and the high-end share will continue to rise, with companies expected to continue to increase their profitability over the next five years, while also increasing the competitiveness of their products in household consumption.
The company's main focus is still on making these three products big, strong, fine, and especially on the amount of creative needs. The sea sky is in the first place in the soy sauce, the quail market, and has a huge lead, but the market is still uneven, and the product is not yet fully marketed.
Field coverage: Two major singles of soy sauce and sauce are still sold regionally, while the creative needs of sauce are large, and growth is likely to continue to exceed expectations once a good product is developed, such as the same size of sauce in 2013. The company’s strategic reserves over the next five years include liquor, vinegar, corrosive milk, and faster.
And as the most disaggregated food sub-sector, there are many sub-species that we believe are most likely to be industrialally integrated, and the need for and urgency of its outreach is increasing as the volume of companies increases, and it is clear that it will accelerate in non-salt oil collars.
Acquisitions, mergers and acquisitions in the domain, especially products with a certain local character and a certain visibility, take advantage of the company ' s channels and financial advantages to make the local product larger.
With over 90% coverage, only dozens of local municipalities have a high level of traffic intensity, most of them have a single network of distributors, while more mature municipalities usually have multiple distributors, depending on the channel, region, etc., so there is still much room for improvement in sea-based channel density. In addition, the ocean is currently developing only 1,200.
In several districts, the market coverage is less than 50% at the county level, and there are still over 50% of the empty market. As channels become more sophisticated and sink, the company is expected to complete initial development of all county markets in three years, the number of networks of channels in the company is expected to double over the next five years. In terms of the number of terminals, there are currently 500,000 sea-based terminals, and the channel is very close to the gold dragonfish.
Sea Sky is one of the best food-beverage companies in terms of corporate governance, management efficiency, brand power, channel power, and product power. Given the high flavours and the absolute mastery of the sea sky, maintain the "recommended"
Food safety problems, high prices of raw materials, and lower-than-expected releases of new production capacity.
The underlying risk rating is given in the markets studied, i.e. in the case of certificates and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is high, and in the case of equity, equity-based fund markets, where the underlying risk rating is general risk: in the case of market-related studies such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is low.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.