The Great Wall car (60163.sh) is expected to be heavily loaded with differentiated programmes to watch long-term company growth and maintain a “buy-in” rating, owing to a decline in the company's performance q4 as a result of strong industry competition and the rising cost of new vehicle listings.
• The continuous release of tank brands and overseas operations, with the same increase in sales of noa after Wei's Blue Mountain, and the same increase in sales of noa, according to FMC data, company q4 sold 334,000 new vehicles, an increase of 5.5 per cent and 31.7 per cent respectively in the same ring, of which 61,000 were sold by tank brands, an increase of 5.5 per cent and 13.8 per cent respectively in the same ring, while overseas markets were sold
With a volume of 129,000 vehicles, the same ring grew by 23.6 per cent/50 per cent, and high-end and seaboard development continued to be an important driver of growth in corporate performance. At the same time, with the no-tunoa functionality of the entire country, the weight of the product rose significantly, pushing Wei q4 sales up to 22,000 vehicles, with an increase of 158.7 per cent/78.4 per cent in the same ring.
• The new driving force of the tank hi4-z/Overseas market, with the heavy roll-out of the Wei Xinjiang new vehicle model expected to make a new contribution. On 1 January, the tank 500hi4-z was officially on the market.
In addition to Wei's, the company's smart-ass program is expected to be mounted in different configurations on other cars, such as tanks. In other brands, companies like Huff, Ora, Picard, etc. are also expected to be intelligent by pushing the he4-z technology into the wild market.
In addition, overseas operations are expected to continue to be important growth points for companies. It is expected that companies will continue to deploy their existing more profitable models, promote more products to the sea, and
"The tank brand and overseas business have increased profit, intelligence, and have actively promoted eco-spiriting, allowing local supply to take place in the future.
"The tank brand and overseas business are strong and intelligent for the future -- company updates."