Export + high-end-led bicycle profits doubled, intelligently regenerated - 2024 Annual Report Performance Review of the Great Wall Car (stock code: 601633.sh)
Events: Corporate annual report for 2024, with business income of $20,2195 million for the year as a whole, with the same rise in exports and higher sales of high-end branded tanks driving the price of the product to double the net profit of the single car.
Long: in 2024, corporate sales increased by 0.2 per cent to 123.3 million on a year-on-year basis, of which export sales increased by 43.4 per cent to 45.31 million, representing an increase of 11.1 pct to 36.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, high-end branded tank sales increased by 16.5 per cent to $163.9 million on a year-on-year basis, with export vehicle average earnings increasing by the same year.
Qin Ji-Qin has increased the share of higher-end brand sales with a higher Māori ratio in the domestic market in 2024. 4.4 pt. The Māori ratio in the foreign market is 7.3 pt below the same rate.
0.4 pct/+0.1 pct. The increase in the size of the revenue will result in an effective share of the cost. Benefiting from an increase in the average price of a bicycle, an increase in the Māori rate, and a cost-sharing rate, the net profit on the company ' s non-mortality of car deductions doubled to 0.79 million in 2024, resulting in a significant increase in profitability.
The expansion of the extended spectrum of power mixed technology support products drives the new energy transition to accelerate: the corporate mix smart 4-dri4 technology family now includes the second generation of smart 4-drive power mix structures, he4-z, he4-t, and the newly released heavy-card supermixed structure.
The company's new energy transition is underpinned by a continuous and comprehensive mix of technology that has been built on the basis of the hi4 family, including the dragon max, the dragon, the blue mountain, the tank system.
In 2024, the company’s sales of new energy vehicles increased by 22.8 per cent to 32.18 million vehicles, or 4.8 to 26.1 per cent, compared to the same year, of which the q4-season Hi4 family released Haffah 7, the tank 400hi4-z, the tank 700hi4-z, and so on.
Looking forward to the acceleration of the new energy transformation of the company and helping it grow into the new energy age’s flagship plant. The “Buy-to-Buy” show is bright, and the level of intelligence is expected to enter the first line of the industry, raising the overall competitiveness of the product and injecting new energy into the growth of sales: the company’s director on February 26, 2025.
Chang Wei Jianjun conducted a test-drive “space-to-space” on a new high mountain, with a 46-km drive, completed automatic parking from the 3rd basement parking area to the city-wide parking lot, connecting the parking lot, internal roads, urban roads, and fast roads, with high-minded intellectuals performing in August 2024.
The marketed Blue Mountain mind-driven version of the production of urban non-tutunoa functions, the rapid increase in the level of intellectual driving, and the higher "space to space" function is expected to enable the company to enter the first class of the intellectually active industry, with excellent intelligence, the ability to enable the company to produce its entire product, achieve a full-scale increase in the competitiveness of the integrated market for products, and sell it to the company.
With 4.7 pc to 37.2 per cent higher than in the same year, the Wey relay tank became a new dynamic for high-end brand sales, with sales increasing by 44.2 per cent to 0.87 million vehicles in January-February, or 2.0 pct to 5.4 per cent higher than in the same year, and the average revenue from single cars expected to rise steadily as a result of the continuing growth in the stock sales of ports and high-end brands.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.