The Mango supermedia published an announcement: 32.8 - 388.8 billion yuan in profits to the parent in 2023 zhuzhu@cfsc.com.cn
With regard to tax laws, it is expected that deferred income tax assets will be recognized on a net basis in 2023, but advertising revenue in the fourth quarter will increase by 18 per cent over the same period.
The fourth quarter of 2023 saw a 4.5 per cent increase in total corporate income per year, mainly as a result of a change in accounting policies.
Mango membership income is expected to increase by 11 per cent over the year. (We expect membership income at the end of the year to be 59 million members, an increase of 12.5 per cent, in other words, Mangotv 1, Mango Supermomentation (300413), Main Foundation.
It's still waiting for the new bright spots to drive the ad, billions of dollars, a narrow decline, 18% increase in the fourth quarter of 2023, and a warmer start in the first quarter of the advertising season; the addition of members also highlights mangoes.
2 Mango SuperMechanism (300413): The content of tv in the medium is still a better user base and facilitates the further development of the advertising revenue and solid basic exploration.
3 Mango SuperMechanism (300413): Science and technology like industry, 2023, according to data from technology on the border, how can branding the media allow the media to grow again? 2023-05-
Mangotv's champion (which highlights the fact that its medium is still the home of the advertiser), and the number of brands awarded to Mongo 2023, the third season of the "Standing the thorns " , is not 18, 16, top of the list; Mangotv was branded throughout the year in 2023.
As many as 272, the industry headlines for the digital production of web-based programming (59 series for the entire 2023 season) and the mangotv web-based content, in terms of quantity and quality, is conducive to increasing user stickyness.
On January 1, 2024, a mango tv8.0, with an enabling content at the end, a man with a sound play creates a immersion experience. From scripts, speech, synonyms, narration and tts, mangoip produces mangos.
In the face of new technologies, Mango actively embraces the creation of the first meta-cosmos fan, the Mangoip Wonderland, a combination of high-quality pip resources, 3d modelling and aigc technologies, offering a creative pip game, virtual socialization and timing.
The virtual world is yet to be consumed. At the same time, a new mix of content is created in conjunction with a program, and the introduction of a "happy chat party" fosters social relations in the station, and also creates a "light card" in the context of a video series of relationships, a combination of digital collections, etc.
Play creates new experiences and a sense of participation for deep mango fans, new new technologies for enabling content, and games are expected to increase user stickyness. Mangotv8.0 updates are expected to provide interactive video platforms that are feeding emotional feedback to create more value for long videos.
There are many expressions. The continued increase in user stickyness also facilitates the development of small man-power traders, the accumulation of gold eagle cartoons, and the continuous improvement of the company's content value-realization chain.
The combination of ali-enhanced content, combined with a twitching mini-show, is expected to boost advertising revenue from warming to adding value in 2024, thus maintaining the risk of new business exploring less than expected, and the golden eagle's cartoons performing less than expected.
Adventures, lack of scrutiny of film and video productions, potential risks associated with artist ' s own factors, under-reach risks, brain drain risks, under-achievement of gold eagle cartoons, risk of macroeconomic fluctuations.
The new consumer group of the media introduced the following: Bachelor of Science, Master of Finance, with experience in the field of business, the Association of Chinese Securities Research Institutes in November 2021, covering, inter alia, Internet sections of media games.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.