The year 2023 has been a steady improvement, with good indicators, multiple platforms, eco-exploitation of content, and a review of mango supermodules (300413).
Adjustments to current corporate income tax costs are provided for the net recognition of deferred income tax assets in the amount of $1 billion, representing an increase of $1,864 million in 2022 (after retroactive adjustment) by 90.90 per cent; and the consolidation of enterprises that are not subject to control (Hungnam Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Co. Ltd.), which was issued in 2023
According to cloudy data, in 2023, Mangotv's full-networked art albums showed an increase of 31 per cent in the same number, and the full-network drama series showed an increase of 46 per cent in the same number, with the video industry taking the lead.
In 2024, the company will continue to grow its entire generation, including Singer 2024, Big Detective 9, Wind 2024, Scratch 4 and so on, and will work together with the head-vision company to sustain its performance from seven dimensions to a robust 23-year performance in expanding the content ecology.
The long series; in 23 years, the company launched its first miniature show, The Wind and Moon, and it worked with a tremor, mangotv and a tremor. In December, it signed a partnership agreement, a co-editor, and in 24 years it will continue to explore more.
The performance of 23q3 remained robust, the acquisition of gold eagle cartoon enrichment, the monetization and deeper modes of cooperation, the multidimensional integration and cross-screening of the two sides, and the firm’s ability to create a dominant headline by distinguishing content from the microscopic field.
The Department has been active in expanding quality channels such as Mangoca in China's mobile motion zone and 88vip Rights and Interests Cooperation, fine-tuning the membership's arpus value, q4 members' earnings have increased by 35.76% over the same period.
Income increased by 10.23 per cent over the same period, with an effective membership of 6.653 million at the end of the year.
Business cooperation, operating operator revenue of $2.767 billion a year, an increase of 10.27 per cent over the year; advertising, a recovery of 16.13 per cent over the year for q4 advertising, and a negative shift to Hong Kong Lee at the same rate.
In 2023, the company completed 100% of its share in the Hunan Eagle Cartoon Media Company Ltd.
It helps companies rely on the high-quality cartoon-rich corporate content matrix of Goldhawk cartoons to consolidate the young children's user base and expand the product market, while Goldenhawk cartoon programming is based on Mangotv's “one-on-one-screen” multi-licensing, full end-covering advantages, user-scale expansion, overturning, etc.
This has led to a deeper integration of corporate media, the construction of a more valuable, all-media communication ecology, the stimulation of more industrial dynamism and dynamism, and the consolidation of core competitiveness. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: performance based on the company’s performance in the flash report, and consolidation,
Risk factors: Risks of policy and regulatory uncertainty, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.