A steady growth in performance, with attention to the marginal transformation of Arpu \triangleright issuing a performance forecast for 2023.
This is a one-time adjustment for the current gain/loss, taking into account non-recurrent gains/losses (US$ 1.4 to 1.8 billion).
Low, with better performances in the combination of the 23q4 episode and the philanthropy. For the future, it is expected that with the company drama 1. Mango super-magnet (300413.sz) event: Mangot, the continued roll-out of the philanthropy, the recovery of the advertising owner’s budget with the macroeconomic recovery, advertising revenue is expected.
v v v & Quick Play Support Program, focusing on the mango elites, a steady increase in membership, anapple upscaling, 2. Mango super-momentation (300413.sz) three-quarters of 2023.
At the end of mid-year, the number of effective members reached 6.653 million, and the innovation continues high. With high-threshold long video content, Mango 3. Mango supermedia (300413.sz) depth reports: Core three tv actively expands quality channels such as Mangoka in China's mobile motion zone and 88vip rights-and-interest cooperation, members.
The content capacity is continuously validated, and attention is paid to the advantages of \triangleright's \triangleright \, and it is continuously replenished.
The total number of active webcasts has risen by 31% over the same year, the total number of live webcasts has risen by 46% over the same year, and the video industry has been ranked first in two places. The company has built up a combination of Hawtze, noon sun, clear ground, annual productions, and long-term production capacity.
Goldhawk cartoons and Manpower Companion Econals \triangleright 2023 completed their acquisition of goldhawk cartoons, which are expected to succeed in fulfilling their performance commitments for 2023.
Cartoon serves as a home-grown parent-child content platform, which protects the city's main track content. The young man is currently in the process of strategic development, based on eco-contentip and artist resources, linking artists, content, commodities and brands. In 2023, the gmv broke out by $10 billion, and its own brand name, South Bovan, was over $270 million.
Investment proposals: Corporate members and advertising are more flexible as content is released and economic recovery takes place. As the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright leads to findings, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.