23 years of steady performance, dynamic expansion of content ecology, review report of Mango Supermomentation (300413), 25st of 2024.
The company issued a performance forecast for 2023, which projected a year-on-year increase in business income, and a small show on the company’s position as a leader in the field. According to cloud data, in 2023, Mango tv’s full-networked art programme was effectively aired by 31% more than in the same year.
In 2024, the company will continue to grow its entire generation, including Singer 2024, Big Detective 9, Wind 2024, Band-Aid 4, and will work together on a long series of seven dimensions of film and video productions;
In 23 years, the company launched its first superstar microscopic drama, Wind Moon Change, and signed a cooperation agreement with the Voice of Wiggly in December, and in 24 years will continue to explore more diverse and deeper modes of cooperation, multidimensional integration and cross-screen development, and will encourage companies to differentiate within.
With the company's high quality content, Mangotv collaborates with tremors, and has a very short play.
The Department has been active in expanding high-quality channels such as Mangoka in China's mobile motion zone and 88vip Rights and Interests Cooperation, which maintain a robust performance of 23q3 and acquire gold eagle cartoon content. q4 members are expected to increase their income by 33 per cent in the same year, and their income is expected to increase by 11 per cent in the same year.
At the end of the year, the number of effective members reached 6.653 million, with a continuing high level of innovation; the continuous consolidation of the business of 23h1 with the major operators meets expectations, and the expansion of the membership is expected to bring about cooperation, with the operator's business income projected to increase by 10 per cent year-on-year; and the advertising business is warming up.
In 2023, the company completed a 100% share acquisition of the Golden Eagle Cartoon Media Ltd., which helped the company rely on the Goldhawk Cartoon High-quality Cartoons Content Matrix for its content.
Xia Qingjian, consolidate the youth user base and expand the product market, while the Golden Eagle's programme supply is based on Mangotv's “one screen” multi-licensing, full-end coverage advantages, and the user's scale is expanded and overtaken by events.
This has led to a deeper integration of corporate media into the development of a more valuable channel, Lee Hong Kong.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: due to changes in tax policy, there were non-recurrent changes in corporate income tax costs in 2023, and we adjusted them to the company’s performance forecast.
Risk factors: Risks of policy and regulatory uncertainty, slow growth of membership, underperformance of content, under-exploitation of new business, brain drain, etc.