The annual report details the short-term pressure on q4 performance, more flowers in overseas markets, more flowers in overseas markets, and a steady increase in the share of profits.
The share of income (operations) in the region rose further to 52.23 per cent, and in mainland China it accounted for 47.77 per cent of corporate income. Specifically, China achieved 1263.79 in 2022.
Billion dollars, +4.6 per cent; $125.24 billion in operating income from household electricity and smart household operations abroad; exchange rate fluctuations affecting the markets of Yoon Sundae Ben and Australasia, resulting in a decline in RMB-calibre income, if in local currency terms
How do you see the short-term pressure on corporate profitability? Twenty-two years of large overseas material price increases have led to overseas market \triangleright.
Māori rates increased by the same proportion, as did the price of raw materials, as a result of the upgrading of the structure of goods, the efficiency gains of digital change and the decline in the price of raw materials, and were influenced by inflation in overseas markets and raw material prices, with Māori companies operating in overseas markets for 22 years having a net return margin of -0.26 ptt to 5.18 per cent.
Does Haile have the capacity to continue the previous growth trend for 23 years? 1) Deepen the industrial chain layout and expand the product-type relay. By horizontally widening the corporate coverage and vertically deepening the upstream layout of the industrial chain, companies are not only expected to be able to better satisfy the sales of the holstered chain.
The trend towards a more comprehensive increase in the overall product competitiveness of brands is also expected to lead to a better grip on the core of product production, enhancing the resilience of firms to the risks they produce, and helping companies to do so over the long term.
Digital change and service innovation improves the efficiency of the franchise channels and actively embraces new retail outlets and enhances user experience on the Internet; while Heir also creates contact points in rural and urban residential areas through " Equity Incentives for High Targets to Show Long-term Development Confidence "
Door services, modeling, etc. attracts more consumers and stimulates new demand. We believe that Hale's global tentacles are expected to be built in 23 years with the gradual recovery of economic and consumer demand below the line.
A thousand years are not easy, and three-wing birds take the wind sometimes pushes the firm to accelerate the recovery of the under-the-line door shop. 3) We're determined to stay on top of the high-end route and feed deep into the network of overseas markets. The company's overseas earnings are proportional.
The continuous upgrading of Sinda Securities Inc. is an expression of the company's ability to expand its overseas markets, and in a complex international situation, the indigenous cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Business culture and business operations or better support for Heir’s long-term development.
\triangleright Unexpected, unsatisfied/scene product education, large fluctuations in exchange rates, I: Income analysis: more flowers in overseas markets and steadily rising income ratio
1) In 2022, Hale Jie ' s share of overseas and other (operational) income rose further to 52.23%, and mainland business income accounted for 47.77% of the company ' s operating income. Specifically, China ' s smart household income in 2022 amounted to 122,379 million yuan, or 4.6% of the year, while overseas household electricity and smart household business generated 1,254.24 million.
The breakdown of overseas markets shows a year-on-year decline in business income in North America/Europe/Australia/South Asia/South-East Asia/Japan in 2022, and in Japan/Australian markets, when measured in local currency calibres, the same year-on-year revenue +16.5/5.9 per cent, respectively, compared to the income share, the United States remains the largest overseas market, with a 0.52 pct increase in the share of corporate income over 21 years, compared to the European market.
The second largest market, accounting for 9.46% of corporate income, increased by 0.77 pct on the same date, while the Australian and Japanese markets accounted for 2% of corporate income, saw a further reduction in the business model of the company ' s integrated services in 2022.
Electricity/washing machines/equipment combined services account for the company's operating income, respectively. 3) According to market share, 22 years of Heir's 13 consecutive years of major global domestic appliances retailed first and ranked first/II/II/III/IV in Asia/Australasia/Middle East and Africa/European markets, respectively.
According to the domestic market sub-products, in 2022 there was a marked increase in sales under the company ' s refrigerators/cooking power/washer/dryer/family air conditioners/central air conditioners/heat water units, the same as in +2/5/4/1.8/6.4/2.8/03/1.3 pct, where the retail share of the kitchen and electricity lines first entered the first three branches of the industry. On the line, sales under the company ' s refrigerators/dry clothes/air conditioners/heat water heaters, etc.
The market share was also +0.5/6.0/0/8/2.4 ptt. Casat's share in the country as a whole was 12.3%, an increase of 1.4 ptc compared to 2021. The Dow ratio rose slightly, and the company deepened in the face of the challenges of shrinking industry channels and closing some of the ka channels.
(b) Direct sales and sales earnings from trading companies abroad increased by +18.98/+9.59 per cent, respectively. Figure 8: Business income from different domestic channels and changes from year to year in 2022 (millions, %)
II. Profit analysis: increased sales/management cost inputs, with a slight decline in the profitability of q4
The response chain, off-line retail operations, logistics distribution and installation delivery were hit, influenced by inflation in overseas markets and raw material prices, and the company ' s Māori rate for overseas operations was reversed in 2022.q4 companies increased sales/management costs on the cost side.q4 companies split sales/management/R & D/financial costs
In addition to the +0.74/+0.27/-0.26/-0.02 pct ratio, there has been an increase in the cost of sales and administration and a decrease in the financial cost ratio, mainly due to: 1) the increase in interest income as a result of the efficiency gains in fund management, q4 company interest income of $269 million, compared with +64.41 per cent and 2) the increase in exchange rate gains over the same period of 21 years.
III. Analysis of operations: Continuous reserve response to pressure on raw materials,1 sufficient monetary funds and still high stock levels. At the end of 2022, currency funds + tradable financial assets + other liquidity price fluctuations led to some readiness of raw materials, resulting in a significant increase in raw material inventory compared with the beginning of the period.
Payment of bills and accounts payable amounted to $66,975 million, compared with the beginning of the period - 0.58 per cent. 1.59 +0.19 days, we believe that the main reason for the decline in the stock turnover rate was an increase in the company's inventory and a slight increase in the efficiency of the working capital of the company's accounts receivable.
Net cash flows from the operations of 3,22q4 companies amount to $8,948 million, or 8.41 per cent of the year, and we believe that this is mainly due to a decrease in cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of labour.iv. Will Haile be able to continue the previous growth trend for 23 years?
Over 22 years, the domestic power industry has performed poorly, influenced by multiple negative factors, such as the downside of domestic real estate and low consumption, and overseas by factors such as high inflation, high stocks, and a high base in major economies, with strong export pressures on our enterprises. Heir, as the global power-making pole, has achieved robust growth at the end of income and performance.
In 23 years, can Haile continue the previous growth trend? Where is the core competitiveness of reserves? Deepening the industrial chain layout and widening the commodity-type relay.
Increased outreach support for such items as air-conditioning, central air-conditioning, cooking power, small household power, heat pump products, etc., increased by more than double-digit revenue from the Kassard dishwasher in 2022 and 26 per cent from the heat pump product.For priority development products, companies have also begun to deepen the supply chain layout, increasing the self-contained ratio of core parts.
In the month, the company established a compressor joint venture with Hailey, thereby increasing its control over core components, guaranteeing stability in the supply chain, while also effectively reducing costs. The company also established a selection bank to streamline the number of spare parts, improve their interoperability and quality of supply, with a 17.5% reduction in the company’s material numbers in 2022 and a 12% increase in the level of generalization of materials.
We believe that through horizontal expansion of corporate coverage and vertical deepening of the upstream layout of the industrial chain, companies are expected not only to be able to better meet the trend of arbitrage sales, improve overall product competitiveness of brands as a whole, but also to better master the core of product production, improve the resilience of firms to the risks they produce, and contribute to long-term industrial development.
2) In the event of a contraction in the flow of ka-doors under the epidemic, companies are actively embracing new retail channels and strengthening user experiences in rural and urban residential areas, through digital change and service innovation.
We believe that with 23 years of gradual recovery of the economy and consumption below the line, Hal's global touch point construction is expected to boost the recovery of the company's front door. 3) It is determined to stay high-end and feed deep into the network of overseas markets. The company's share of overseas revenues is rising at the firm level.
Foreign-market expansion capacity is reflected in the fact that we believe that corporate strategies for high-end start-up and home-based operations will continue to add value to corporate growth abroad in the future. Through high-end strategies, such as ga, fpa, Candy and Haier, the advantages of corporate globalization platforms are matched by product innovation technologies that are expected to be widely applied globally and are expected to achieve overseas high-end market shares.
In South Asian markets, for example, Heir brands have increased their share of the high end by 3.5 percentage points, to 14%, using high-end refrigerators, heated rollers, etc. The price index in Europe rose to 131 in 2022. Moreover, in the current complex international situation, Heir’s localized teams abroad may be taking on a larger role in the future.
In Europe, companies take advantage of market opportunities for energy-efficient products, with heat pump products increasing by 200 per cent, while at the same time maximizing the capacity of the Turkish dishwasher and the cooking power plant and the Romanian refrigerator factory to respond more quickly to market demand; in the United States, companies deepen their individualization to motivate employees to build chains of synergies in production and marketing to achieve sustainable growth;
The company has also launched a project in the United States to provide job opportunities for refugee groups. Taken together, home-grown business culture and businesses operate or provide better support for Hal’s long-term development.
In 2015 and 2017, the third place in school, the Golden Bulls Award 2017-2019, and water 2019.
Centre for Development, research in the household electricity industry. Yoon Shundi, research assistant in the household electricity industry. Master of Regional Economics, University College, London; Double Master of Economics, University of Covinius, Budapest; Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, Spanish.
Certificates, research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components. Yoko, member of the team. Master of Financial Sciences, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College of London. Joined in 2022 as a member of the Portfolio, in research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, cleaning appliances, cooking plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.