25 February 2021 ▪ New Energy Market Demand Analysis: We have experienced car-suv development in the car market and are currently in the first phase of phase III: New Energy Car Market Development. The core characteristic is policy.
In the future, the four core directions of our new energy automobile market include: 1)ev consumption. 2) Non-proscribed areas of consumption represent the main increases in future markets. 3) The 10-300,000 dollar market contributes to a long-term core increase.
In summary, a breakdown of the market for the core volume of new energy vehicles for the future is provided. The core conclusion is that, based on a steady increase in the total volume of domestic vehicle sales, the country ' s new energy sources are expected to spread in 2025 and 2035.
Of these, ev consumption rose from 81 per cent in 2020 to 90 per cent, limiting the penetration of new energy sources in cities from 17 per cent to nearly 50 per cent in the year. In the long run, restricting the sale of new energy vehicles in cities accounted for the country’s share of the foreign forces: Eurola branding low-end electric vehicles at the lower end of $5-20 million, targeting women.
Users open up a new, disaggregated incremental market. Its core competitiveness lies in brand power (precision positioning, market-breaking branding) plus product power (high-value product-making, self-selling) + 1, Wall Cars (601633): pitching.
Operational (inventive marketing, all innovative ways of playing). 1) Brand power: core positioning of women, horizons, chip industry. Demand for new blue sea markets. 2) Product power: black cat/white cat empty compared to the price of a car.
Inter-Fair + Success + Smart Configuration is excellent; good cat space utilization is high compared to priced electric vehicles, 2 Wall Cars (601633): 1 January is a long lead with L2+ Level Auxiliary Driving Configuration. 3) Operations: Core Focus Users Together Create and Innovate
This is a high increase, and the tank’s 300 sales are out of the 6k market.
3 The Great Wall Cars (601633): q4 is twice as big. Given the Oela brand’s continued use of future multi-car models and full access to the market for new medium- and low-end energy vehicles, we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher valuation and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
1. An analysis of the demand of the new energy vehicle market can be divided into three main phases: the first phase, with the car dominated since the beginning of the twenty-first century, with the joint venture brand occupying an absolute monopoly position; and the breakthrough of 300/50/2011 with a total of 10 million vehicles, respectively, in 2013
The suv market began in 2010 and entered the passenger car market, breaking 100/300/50/10 million, reaching a peak of 10.13 million in 2017. The total domestic passenger vehicle market passed 24 million, slowing down development and entering the stock competition phase. The third phase refers to a new phase dominated by a pure tram.
Policy-based consumption has evolved into market-based consumption, supply-driven demand, and accelerated market change. The initial development of our new energy automobiles began with poor market conditions due to high R & D costs, inadequate charging facilities, low profits on the supply side of the industry.
Energy cars, restricting fuel vehicle production, and piloting a demand-side “licensing-up” policy in several of the country's major high-consumption cities to accelerate the spread of new energy cars. Development has so far moved from a purely policy-driven to a market-driven approach, with new energy cars, represented by Tesla's national product, Model3, actually starting to consume electric cars at the beginning of 2020.
Great change. Low fuel costs + high-intelligent driving + the exclusive advantage of high-intelligent trams is taking on a growing share of consumer considerations, and market demand is driving up the scale. In 2020, cars are booming in electric and intelligent waves, developing power production platforms, setting up smart networks to drive, investing in batteries, etc.
Three power units, and smart driving plates like chips, sensors. Tierl manufacturers in all fields also pre-empt technology, human talent, and R & D layouts, trying to drive demand change at the front end of the market and drive market change at a deeper level.
The ratio will gradually decrease; 2) the share of open-ended area sales of new energy vehicles will gradually rise, with a clear ceiling for restricted area sales; 3) the core of the future new energy car market will increase in high-priced electric vehicles at a cost of between $100,000 and $300,000; 4) the household purchase market will rise first, with the core being feminized/judging/technology. Under the four major trends, it is expected that new energy vehicles will emerge in the future.
And by 2035, the country’s total penetration rate of new energy sources had risen to 20% and 50%. By 2025, the volume of new energy vehicles had risen by 5 million, of which consumption had risen from 81% to 90% in 2020, and the rate of new energy penetration in restricted cities had risen from 17%.
Pure electricity consumption is the mainstream direction of future new energy vehicles, and phev is clearly disadvantaged and has less space for long-term development. The phev extension does not achieve the original purpose of policies to reduce fuel consumption. 1) Policy angle: phev is a hybrid motor vehicle, which is a transitory new energy vehicle between fuel and electric vehicles.
Engines, transformers, and batteries for electric vehicles, but battery capacity is slightly smaller than electric vehicles. The government’s intention to encourage phev’s consumption is to make it easier for consumers to take on the type of transition from pure electric cars, reduce fuel consumption, and accelerate new energy penetration.
Because of the purchase of the license plate factor and the fact that the charging conditions are not satisfactory, the consumer is more fuel-driven and empty than the fuel vehicle, the international consumption is higher than the fuel vehicle and does not well achieve the objective of reducing fuel consumption, and it is therefore expected that future phev policy end spending will weaken (e.g., since 2023 in Shanghai, Phev has no longer issued a special license plate).
The phev model can be modified directly by conventional fuel trucks, which can be simple and easy to develop; and a theoretical two-power switching model of fuel and battery to address mileage anxiety. At the same time, the cost is relatively high, and the spare parts are stored in the car, reducing the driving experience.
Product dimensions: Pure trams are the driving direction for each vehicle’s core model. Screening for all month-to-month sales since 2018 exceeds 500 new energy models, of which phev is only 23 and ev is as high as 73.
Apart from the ideal one (erev multiplier mix), the best sales in Biadedondm, the country’s new energy market is ranked 10 out of 10. In contrast to pure electricity, the current mainstream car-making power in the domestic market is now dominated by new power.
It's a pure tram, and it's going up fast. In the future, several of the major major manufacturers are going to have a pure tram model, with a continuous increase in mileage, fewer miles of anxiety, and a clear trend in the direction of the supply endev. Overall sales are in dimension: the distance from the phev. In 2017-2019, the market for new energy vehicles was dominated by policy.
Since 2020, new energy automobile subsidies have been gradually phased out, markets have entered the free age, and sales have increased rapidly, from less than 70 per cent at the beginning of the year to 83 per cent at the end of the year.
1.2. Trends II. Consumption in the open-ended areas will be the main future increase
While the domestic market for new energy vehicles is still in the early stages of development, owing to the high cost of new energy vehicles + the limited purchase area is much higher than the fuel-car market. Assuming that future new energy markets will mature, they will maintain a quota of 10-15% of the fuel-car market in 2025-2030, they are expected to be stable in 2030 and beyond.
According to high-risk data, the share of open-ended domestic purchases of new energy vehicles increased steadily from 58% to 62% in the three years from 2018 to 2020. As the cost of production of new energy vehicles gradually fell – and the mileage of the journey continued – the price of fuel was about to rise.
Marketized demand, which replaces government policy support, is no longer a noun for high-consumption + green card + double-calibration tasks, and is a central driver of the growth in sales. For the top three categories of new-energy car sales today, a specific segment of the market has been in the range of over 90% of open-ended area sales since the market was listed in the month. The core causes include: consumption levels in restricted areas and macrolights.
Mini sells at different prices and the model is less demanding for the recharge facility; macrolight Mini meets the needs of the population for short-distance travel, and is subject to a large number of middle- and old-age groups seeking high-priced prices. 2) Eurola black cats (50-100,000 yuan) are similar to macrolight Mini, with consumers in unlimited areas being the main consumers and increasing as a result of sales, with a trend upwards at the end of 20 years.
The main audience is young people, especially female users, with lower consumption power, mostly with additional cars for households. Second, high-price belts: 1) Biadehan (20-30 million). According to insurance data, the share of sales in the off-limit area since listing has remained at 45-50%, higher than Teslamodel3.
Court users and young male users with medium-high consumption levels. 2) Teslamodel (2.5-400,000) has only 40% of the total open-ended area sales, but it is on the rise. The main reason is that the market price is higher in model3, where the average per capita gdp is twice the national average, and it is more in line with the consumption of high-end cars.
The audience is a young user group that has a high consumer power and pursues technological driving experience. But with the advent of an age of parity in electric fuel prices and the gradual spread of consumption of new energy vehicles, consumption in open-ended areas is expected to rise rapidly.
Figure 8: Eulla Black Cat restricted/unlimited area sales: Figure 9: Bialdihanev restricted/unlimited area sales: Trend III: 100,000-300,000 places for core increases in the long-term new energy market
Analysis of data on the structure of vehicle sales of new energy sources from 2018 to 2020: The new energy market is still developing early, from policy-driven to market-driven conversions, with unstable structural ratios and generally more restrictive urban impacts. According to the consumption dimension data, early 2018-2019 was subsidized by the new energy policy.
In the second half of 2019, the new energy subsidy policy began to roll back, coupled with a few highs under the capping policy. Consumers in cities are driven by license factors, with a greater willingness to consume new energy vehicles and concentrate on 300,000 dollars.
Since the second half of 20 years, the market for low-end electric vehicles, represented by General Mitsubishi Macrosini and Euratoms, has risen rapidly and is concentrated in open-ended areas. In the last six months, the market for new energy vehicles has grown as a whole, with a high-mute bell of less than 100,000 and more than 300,000 models.
Qualitative vehicle-type roll-out, market-driven demand driven by open-buying city demand, is the future core increase (described in detail in section 1.2 above). Based on data from mature fuel-car markets open-buying cities from 2018 to 2020: exit due to purchase tax + economy, figure 13: share of sub-prices sold in open-buying areas for fuel vehicles
1.4. Trends IV: Core increase in household purchasing contribution: rejuvenation/technology/feminization 4 hot-marketed cars in the new domestic energy market, with a breakdown of each model. A simple comparison of the four vehicle models 100 degrees, Teslamodel3, Biadehan and Ola black cats are far higher than macromini, July 2020 to July 2020.
Sub-equipment, as evidenced by the fact that macrolight Mini has a larger audience of middle- and middle-aged groups with relatively lower usage of Internet/electronic devices than model3, Ora black cats and consumers in Byadihan, and Eura black cats, compared to Yadihan, due to the recent introduction of heat.
Figure 15: A comparison of the 100-degree indices of the three vehicles (indicating the change in the level of interest of Internet users in the keyword), the core competitiveness of the above-mentioned stars is to capture the consumer demand in a given blue-sea market, to transform the trend towards feminization/rejuvenation and scientific and technological experience, and to move from catering to excavating users.
First group: low- and medium-priced, mostly female users (household purchase, primary emotionalization/utility), representative of car type: Eura series, macrolight mini series. 1) macrolight Mini uses the low-end electric market as entry point for "people's step-by-step vehicle", short-duration low-priced, core to meet practical and price-based considerations, with four vehicle requirements at the same time.
Consumers, including older consumers, as well as female household users. The company's own data show that the macro-mini is nearly 60% female. 2) Ora black cat has once again opened up a completely new segmented incremental market, taking into account the fact that the fuel truck meets the needs of the household, mainly for long travel by male users, while Eura blackcats are soft-looking, easy interiors, discount prices, etc.
The black cat is higher than the macromini in terms of physical interiors, technology configurations, mileage renewals, and prices, while making a reasonable distinction in the location of the market, paying attention to the needs of young consumers in terms of their appearance, and reaching out to women at a higher level.
Category II: Medium-high prices, mostly young male users (family buy-in, technology-based/high-end luxury). For example: Teslamodel3 series and Biadehan/New Power product. 1) Teslamodel3 is a proxy product for smart cars when they are, in the image of anti-conventional industrial saboteurs, to set standards for car science and technology, to create creative breakthroughs.
To drive a bottleneck and actually make smart cars land. 2) The rest of the medium- and high-end electric cars, like Ess8/es6, are inherently differentiated on Tesla's basis, interpreting their understanding of new medium- and high-end energy vehicles from different dimensions: Pelican masters, high-intelligence combinations with deep understanding of China's markets/consumptions, emphasizing the best intelligent cars at home; Biadei masters.
Safe driving and long-duration, characterized by blade batteries; high-quality user services and high-end luxury configurations, enhanced user stickyness in the form of a “scaffolding”; ideal emphasis on utility/long-duration, with maximum value for minimum cost.
A first breakdown of the market for new energy vehicles (non-operational/private consumption) based on the price belt and the range range range follows: the three main continuity areas above 300-500 km are divided into the new energy vehicle market as a whole with four main price bands of less than 100,000 and less than 10-20-0-30-300,000/300,000, corresponding to 100-300 km, respectively
12 sub-areas, each of which represents an independent segment of the market by analysing the breakdown of the monthly average sales of market-type vehicles and vehicle-type extrapolations to characterize consumption and determine future consumption trends among the corresponding zones.
Under $50,000 is represented by macrolight Mini, whose share of the market has been well over 80% since it was listed. We expect that without macrolight Mini, which will continue to take up the market share of the double-wheel-cargo, sales are expected to continue to climb, becoming one of the core sub-markets in the area of new energy vehicles.
This includes cars like Chirre ants. Black cats are listed quickly to capture the shares of Jianghuai, Chiré, etc., in the market segment, and are expected to continue to increase in future market sales and become another central segment of the new energy car market, with the blue sea market for female target consumers as their core competitiveness, with high value and precision market positioning.
2.2 million yuan price belts: representative of car type - Hiroshima, Euratom cat, Teslamodel2 (not listed). 300-500 km market breakdowns are dominated by Biadein. Biadi, as the leader of a brand-owned new energy vehicle, has been deep in the market for many years at the $10-20 million price zone, with a stronger brand influence, and also by Biadi Qin.
Operating sales to the public market are at the top of this segment. The 100-300 km segment of the market is dominated by the North Gas ec series and the People's Tee 200. It is now phased out, and sales fell sharply in 2020 without a strong market with a 10,000 dollar price break-up, which will be replaced by other markets for low-price ratios.
It is expected that sales will climb faster, and Euratom's entry is expected to redefine the market-type standards and further widen the market area. Over longer periods of time, mileage anxiety will be addressed, and the main fuel-car purchase zones in the country will be concentrated on the price belt, with larger market sizes.
3) $200,000-300,000 price belts: representative of vehicle type - Biadehan, Teslamodel3, popular id.4. This belt is mainly for the renewal of 300 km or more. The 300-500 km renewal market is broken down by Engweierx5 and Tesla model3 (Standard Renewal) and annual average monthly sales and the number of models are increasing year by year, and is represented by model3
Middle- and high-end electric vehicle sales have risen to a higher level, becoming one of the core segment markets for future electric vehicle sales. For the market segment of 500 km or more, Biadehan is the sole leader of the market, with blade batteries continuing miles + high safety systems forming a differentiated product layout, with sales climbing faster.
The market is broken down, and the size of the support is further enhanced.) Over 300,000 price bands, representing car sizes 6, pap 7, model3, etc. The price is a breakdown of the market with vehicle-type cores focused on more than 500 km in the range. Compared with the relatively mature fuel truck market, 300,000 yuan.
The above prices are about 10 per cent of total market sales, and the total sales of over $300,000 worth of fuel and new energy models in 2020 were 2.2 million + and the penetration rate was around 13 per cent. By 2025, the sales of over $300,000 worth of new energy vehicles are expected to be about 17 per cent, and the penetration rate continues to rise to 27 per cent. In the long run, the sales of more than $300,000 worth of new energy vehicles will continue to rise to 27 per cent.
2. Why the Great Wall's Euratoms surged in the U.S. Army.
In consumers, it includes black cats of less than $100,000, white cats of less than $100,000, and three cars of less than $10-15 million. The black cat market is now doing well, after macrosmini and Teslamodel3, and the good cat rolls out the city's brand from the mainstream electric car to the car. To sum up the cause of Eura's success, three points can be summarized:
Brand power (precision positioning to the market to ring brands) + product power (high-priced products to create their own outlets) + operations (innovation marketing, all innovation). 2.1. Brand power - precision market positioning, branding.
The core focuses on increasing women’s demand for purchases and opening up the new blue sea market. In the domestic car market, households that are predominantly car-based, such as Haver/H6/Boyan, contribute the bulk of their sales and, over time, have been saturated into the competitive market of stocks, patterns and consumption perceptions are largely fixed, and rapid rise can be achieved only if they truly open another new market.
The rising consumption levels of the population have been accompanied by a decline in the prices of high-quality cars, the weakening of the definition of cars as luxury consumer goods after housing needs, and the age of one car, when young consumers own their own cars, have become a new trend. At the same time, as the income gap between men and women has decreased, the consumption power of women has increased and the consumption of households has been reduced.
Language and leadership have also gradually increased, with the prospect of becoming an expanding Forces nouvelles in the future. Thus, the creation of a female-friendly, consumer-friendly, and aesthetic-oriented, targeted “her economy” is expected to become an emerging blue-sea market.
Sharing, fan effect, neighborhood consumption, Euler captures the opportunities of the pink economy, expands its impact through female stars (single dreams: rejection of mediocrity, undefined), platform live (b) and concerts, and carries out live video-titling camps, organizes events such as the Ora live cloud shopping, a lot of “66 car shopping festivals”, 618 bosst live party for women, etc.
Household consumption habits, full-dimensional marketing, from source-to-source marketing to off-line sales to nearby consumer-intensive distributions, with “women, fashion, cats” as the kernel for marketing and branding.
Highlighting the appearance of the “breathing” and the softness of the line, the shape of the car, and its pet size, is very much in line with the current interest of young consumers, especially women, in pets and cats, creating natural heat and attention. On the interior, it's mainly soft and warm, the overall atmosphere is more active, and the soft line is combined with the inner circle with a more colorful score. On the price side, the Eura Black White Cat.
Seven hundred and ninety thousand are dominated, with lower prices reducing the pressure on young consumers with lower consumption acceptance rates to buy their cars; and Olysses, with 100 thousand, located within $1039-1439 million price zones, giving consumers more options.
Figure 21: Eurasia of Cats: Euratomy of Cats 2.2. Product Power - Differential Configuration Building High Prices
Compared to fuel cars of the same grade: black cats are cheap, space foot, and travel costs are low. Fuel trucks of the same grade as black cats are selected as fuel cars of the same size as Eura Sea Cats, long Ancs35plus and wide gas gs3, which are at a lower price and cost less than fuel, and have a better value for money than they are. Moreover, black cats, although they have a smaller absolute axle range, consider electric power.
The power system is much smaller in size than power systems such as fuel motors, transformers, etc. The actual internal space is not less. Under the exclusive power grid, the long axle range is higher and the space utilization advantage is greater. The lower quality of preparation also ensures a longer range of cruise miles to meet daily travel requirements.
Black cat/white cat continuation + smart technology configuration is excellent compared to the price-based electric vehicles. Compared with the price-priced electric car Chirre small ant, Long Ben-Star, Biadee 2, black cat guidance is medium, but battery performance, including continued mileage and recharge time, is at a high level of leadership, with low preparation quality to ensure continuity.
In addition, in terms of intelligent technology configuration, black cats have active security, intelligent cruise systems, keyless access, ota, etc., white cats have 360 panoramic images, traffic deviation alerts, and road traffic markings, with a full range of Level 1-2 assistive driving functions, all ahead of the competition.
The black cat/white cat, designed by the station, is also better than the rest of the competing models in space and achieves maximum utilization of the smallest car lengths. Good cats guarantee a friendly price compared to the configuration of electric cars, and sales are expected to make a sustained breakthrough. Good cats maintain a level of 12+ on smart driving compared to competitive models such as Chirre ants, wide gas aions, little peng3, but at a price.
Four hundred and sixty thousand below, and a further mileage through the 500 km gate, and a larger space in the car, with a higher value than the price, plus a more historical look and an appetizer of young consumer groups in the interior cut, are expected to make a sustained breakthrough in future sales. Good cat space utilization is high compared to the price of electric cars, with class 12+ accelerant driving configuration far ahead.
Three main currents of the electric motor vehicle: large space + long-duration + high intelligence. 1) Continuing mileage through 500 km, far more than competitive model; 2) long-axis distance over 60%, far beyond competitive model; 3) full-speed self-adaptive cruise/line-aided/carway deviation.
The three-fold combination of factors, competitiveness, and relatively low prices are expected to result in future sales surges to stabilize the market for cars of $10-15 million. 2.3. Operating power - innovative marketing of features - all innovative methods.
Thinking steps are tight, with a "black and black" layer of progress. Eura brands have three products: white cats, black cats, good cats, which have a necessary evolutionary relationship in the timing and logical sequence of product roll-out. Ora white cats are the first step towards meeting the prevailing cat culture among the young consumers of the moment; and Eura black cats are the first step towards consumers.
Later, consumer claims were absorbed; the introduction of a brand-new good cat was a more powerful example of the Great Wall's deep-seated bottom-up market, with a bottom-up logical layer moving forward to lay a solid consumer base. A stand-alone combat unit was set up to flatten management; and an in-depth market study was conducted.
Demand, search for a cut-off opportunity, the creation by the Wall of a dedicated stand-alone unit for the Ora brand, flat-level management, deep market research, and an understanding of the current market gaps and potential consumers. Deep changes in the organizational structure, fundamentally changing the pre-pacing and working patterns of the rolling stock, ensuring adequate R & D, sales teams, and markets.
The Great Wall has launched the Dodyola Global Youth Initiative.
In addition, the real-time participation of brands from birth to the end of the market has fostered consumer attachment to the product, and has fostered the development of a consumer’s feelings for the product.
Since the second half of this year, the Great Wall has been significantly modified in terms of marketing methods and organizational mechanisms: successful sales are closed by "on-line plus below-line" sales.
New ways of playing with the boss, the top streaming live platform, and so on, are more innovative and fast. More detailed, Ola uses a variety of channels of communication, such as 100 street distributors live, 66 shopping festivals, 618 boss live party, fashion star speech, and brushes the screen transfer, which really puts the symbols of the Euras cat in the consumer’s heart.
The shift in logic, Tesla and the three mainstream new forces have had an impact not only on the automobile industry, but also on the introduction of new technologies, but also on the business logic of changing the enterprise's business of “doing nothing, doing everything right” to “expanding the consumer's influence, operating proactively affecting the user”, which is supported by the technology's ability to operate and expand its influence and create a whole set of systemized transports.
Camp capabilities, real viscous car owners, reduction of the high cost of the model, guaranteed continuous ring-climbing, specifically, the following dimensions of the Ora brand feature: 1) app operates in a simple and functional manner. The app homepage consists of five large plates, followed by: square blocks.
It is responsible for social distribution; the radio plate is responsible for entertainment information; the action plate is responsible for socializing friends of the car and creating a common hobbies; and the charge plate is a feature of the Ora itself, which allows real-time viewing of the nearby charger and displays information such as navigation + prices. The home page is designed in a friendly manner, with the necessary functionality and ad hoc charging service boards, as compared to apps such as apes, pelicans, ideals, etc.
In addition, the app has a dedicated community for friends of cars to discuss communication, ora block to help users choose the most suitable model for cars and the Euros to promote the peripheral sticky user product, etc., to provide services and optimize user experience.
2. Large, front-loading facility input, easily charged. Eulla charged in two ways: home-loaded power posts are given free of charge and installed for three years; out-of-house chargers are equipped with 220v mobile charge cable, and more than 260 cities are connected to 328,000 recharge posts, serving all new energy car users.
In January 2021, data from the Internet show that 202 front-to-line shops in the country are expected to reach level I, 277 in 2021.
443. With a completely new operating model, a diversified, light-quantified channel for selling and selling after sale is constructed. The end-shop model, which is covered by a three-tier network, operates from a second-line market to a three-to-four-line market, and is complemented by a six-line, five-line and four-line market, with the help of Skycat, Kyundong and Suning.
The Ora House is located mainly in the traditional car business, which has been upgraded from 4s to Dos, and will in the future more encourage the Ora House to enter the centre of the city; the Ora Experience Shop is located mainly in the business world; and the Ora Wisdom Door is located mainly in the residential life circles. According to the OLNET data, 20 years of Eurola distributors' operations have increased significantly over 19 years, with single shops increasing by more than 300%, or Euros.
Nearly 80% of its own exclusive channels and stores are sold, and the channels are very productive. Ora also has a unique property and right-to-use trading system, which includes retail, customer-oriented, straight-line and three-way sale models for end-users. Right-to-use transactions 2c include three modes: finance leases, mileage packages and long-term leases, and 2b pushes.
Time-out rental and Internet subscription services, fully transformed with distributors, moving from a single sale of new vehicles for profit to full life cycle and full value chain marketing.
Based on the following core assumptions, projections of the profits of the Great Wall ' s cars for 2020-2022 are made. 1) Camp revenue increases on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a sustained spread of more vehicles and full penetration into the low- and medium-end new energy vehicle market, and we believe that the Wall should enjoy a higher estimate.
Epidemic control is progressing below expectations. If the global epidemic’s new crown is under control, it will have an impact on the global economy, thus affecting the recovery of the demand for vehicles.
The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is lower than expected. The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is an important industry factor for improved corporate performance and, if it is lower than expected, will make sales of corporate brands more difficult and have an impact on profitability.
It will affect the overall process of electricization in the industry and will have a significant impact on the sale volume of the Great Wall in Eurasia and its own profits. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has an investment advisory committee on securities.