phillipcapital, pre-dawn night.
In the first three quarters of the year, China's auto chain company has experienced a sharp decline in its performance.
In the third quarter of 2019, the Tianqing industry realized 1.2 billion yuan, the same decline of 18.3 per cent, net losses to shareholders of $5.392 million, the target price of cny32 (+14 per cent) and the average shareholder (million shares):
The market price of the company's main battery, carbonate and hydroxide, which has been down since 2018, is about 6.6.75 million dollars per ton in the three seasons this year, a sharp decrease of 33-to-135 million dollars compared to the average price of the same period last year.
The sum of $4.07 billion spent on sqm shares generated a long-term debt of $3.5 billion, rising from $1.88 billion in the same period last year to $28.2 billion, with a level of over 266%.
Moreover, after the takeover, the sqm did not perform as expected, reducing the company’s investment earnings on a quarterly basis, with the previous three quarters being 1.39/0.94/007 million.
The allocation of shares is expected to reduce the financial pressure of source: philipseurities (hk)research shares, which have been approved by the SEC, and will be sold to the stockholders as a proportion of 3 shares per 10 shares, as planned.
In addition, the company plans to use a variety of forms, including short- and medium-term bills, dollar debt and multiple transfers, to ease the pressure on the repayment of loans and to reduce the cost of doing so. If it succeeds in raising funds, the company’s financial pressure will be effectively eased.
Prices are expected to benefit from better supply and demand structures, triggering a bottom-up recovery. Carbon acid prices are now down 60,000 tons per ton, below the cost of many businesses, and the industry is on the eve of high-cost clean-up. On the demand side, short-term internal power batteries will be on their way to the start of the season.
In general, there will be limited space for falling prices, and the upscaling will become apparent.
As a leading business with high-quality resources, Tianqian is expected to continue to benefit from a full-scale, technology-based, incremental recovery of the price brought about by the speed of the process. The company Quinana 1 issue of 240,000 zirconium oxide projects is expected to be in a state of continuous life and ability to climb the slopes by the end of the year; and Telison 2 has completed the reprogramming and full start of the operation.
Tianqian Industries has the world's largest mineral resource, the world's largest mineral resource, and the processing energy of the world's largest mineral, which is the best indicator of the upper part of the new energy chain. We predict the company's 2019-2020 source:wind, philipsegurieshongkongresearch.
New business progress is less advanced than expected.
We don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know what you're doing, we don't know.
It's not like you're the only one who can't do it, but you're the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Indoeventwillphiliduesbeliableforanispecial, incidact, cidentalcontributal dammageswichmaybeincurredroomuseoftheinformabilityorresearchadavaable, evenifitasbeenadviewofpossibilityofsuchdamages.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, this publicity shouldnotbeliereduponasauthoritative with unfurtherbeing subject totheotherecipiensionandexerciseof judgment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't think it's a good idea, but it's a good idea, not a good idea, not a good idea.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know if I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
2019 phillipsecurities (hongkong)
I'm not going to be able to do that.
phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rrafflescitytower,
b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku no.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450 kualumpur
Indonesia china india
philipsecuritiesindonesia phillipfinncialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd. philipcapital (india) privatized
Anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thloor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd. kking and shaxsoncapitalld. kking and shaxsonltd.
15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849 silomroad, 3rdbroor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
philipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritieslimitted
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, level4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 navamwatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong