High financial costs, falling lithium prices, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of $3.797 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, a decrease of 20.2 per cent in the same year; 10,000 yuan, a decrease of 99 per cent in the same year. At the same time, the company published performance guidelines for 2019, which showed a slightly lower than expected performance for the mother ' s net profit and a significant increase in financial costs.
The increase of $3.5 billion in the shareholding of the supplier sqm.77 per cent resulted in a significant increase in the company’s financial costs, which amounted to $1.65 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 56 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which the continued fall in the price of lithium carbonate in the q3 quarter also had a negative impact on the company’s performance.
The average price for three quarters was $70,000 per ton, a 48 per cent decline from the price of $130,000 per ton in the same period last year. The latest market price has now fallen by $60,000 per ton. The industry is still at the bottom of the line.
The first phase of the company's battery-grade, single-water lithium hydroxide project has been transferred from the test phase to the operational phase and is expected to enter the continuous production and capacity slope by the end of 2019.
Long-term supply agreements have also been concluded with the “lig chemistry” and the “northvolt”, which provide for a single annual base sales volume of lithium hydroxide products that is approximately equal to the production capacity of the company's lithium hydroxide project after it has achieved production capacity.
Corporate profile: The world ' s lithium resource giant, Tianqi Lith, is the largest producer of lithium-related products in the country and has been working on the production and marketing of lithium-related products. Since 2010a, the company has completed 51% of its interest in the Thélson Mothers Ventfields in 2014.
The company’s resources, production base, and many cities across three continents have been fully vertically integrated in the new energy industry, from the middle to the bottom. By the end of 2018, the lithium extraction industry in Tinchi Lithium was in the year of the lithium extraction industry.
The company is the world’s second largest producer of lithium products and the only producer of lithium compounds and derivatives in China that are self-sufficient through a large, single and stable supply of lithium concentrate.
Figure 1: Corporate development: The first lithium carbonate plant was built in Sichuan in July 1992 to mark the beginning of the lithium industry.
In June 2004, Mr. Jiang Weiping, the founder and chairman of the Taiwan Lithium industry, acquired the Shizuku Lithium industry through the Tianqi Group, which was successfully listed on the Shenzhen Exchange (stock code).
• In July 2012, the company acquired the right to mine the Tsola Lithium Monument in Sichuan Yajiang County.  In June 2014, the company acquired 20 per cent of the Zabuye lithium industry held by the Tibetan mining industry  In August 2014, the company acquired 51 per cent of the Telison Lithium industry and owned 51 per cent of its share in the mining industry.
West Australia’s Green Bush Lithium Monument Mineral. – In June 2015, a fully automated battery-grade lithium carbonate production plant, Jiang Su Jiao Harbour Production Base, was acquired with an annual production capacity of 17,000 tons.
The construction of a fully automated lithium salinization plant in Quinana, Western Australia, began in September 2016 and the project was divided into two phases, with the production of 4.8 million tons of battery-grade single-water lithium hydroxide per year after it became fully operational.
In February 2017, the company acquired additional operating assets, increasing the capacity of lithium gold, which is currently designed to produce up to 600 tons per year.
• Purchase of the first annualized interest of 24,000 tons in Quinana, Western Australia, in December 2018, with a combined share of 25.86 per cent in sqm. The main piece of work on the battery-grade LIX project was completed and the stage of conversion was initiated
The sales of lithium concentrates account for 40.1 per cent of operating income and Māori for 73.64 per cent. The sales of lithium compounds and derivatives account for 59.87 per cent of business income. The Māori rate is 52.63 per cent. As lithium prices continue to fall, the profitability of lithium products deteriorates, the main business is the stock control structure: of the 10 shareholders in the company, Ms. Zhang Xing and Chengdu Tsai Industries Ltd. are the real controllers.
As of July 2019, the two former shareholders together held 469 million shares, or 41.03% of the shares in the company. It was not known whether there was any relationship between the other shares in circulation, or whether the other shareholders were the co-actors provided for in the Administration of Acquisitions by Listed Companies.
A total of 83.4 million shares were pledged, representing 7.3 per cent of the company ' s total stock, with a lower pledge rate. By 2018, the company had six subsidiaries included in the consolidated statements, of which lithium concentrate business was mainly operated by the controlled subsidiary Telison, including the mining, processing and sale of lithium quarries at the chemical and technical levels; and lithium amalgamation.
The product is produced and sold mainly at the company’s Sichuan firing base in Sichuan, Jiangsujiang, and Chongqing Bian beam production bases. The sale of all the company’s products is done in direct sales mode, without intermediate distributors. As the lithium product market grows, the pricing mechanism will become more transparent and demand certainty is expected to increase.
The profit of $193 million, a decrease of 85.23 per cent in the same year, was largely due to the significant decline in net profits due to the fact that companies needed to borrow $3.5 billion to acquire sqm shares, resulting in a significant increase in the company ' s financial costs, which amounted to $1.01 billion during the reporting period, an increase of 666 per cent in the same period, as well as the price of battery-grade lithium carbonate, which was the company ' s main product, at an average cost of $774,000 per ton in the first half of this year.
This represents a 47.6 per cent decrease in comparison with the average price of lithium carbonate in the first half of 2018, which amounted to RMB 1,478,000 per ton, assuming that the price of lithium hydroxide for battery-grade levels in 2019-2021 was RMB 7.9, 6.8 and 72,000 per ton, respectively; and the price of imports of lithium concentrate in 2019-2021 was assumed to be $600, 550 and 550 per ton, respectively.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.