The 5g's two lanes are worth looking forward to.
The non-net profit is $169 million, compared to +115.19 per cent. Companies expect to return to their mothers in the third quarter of 2018 + 80 per cent.
The combined Māori ratio of 2018h1 increased by 21.54 per cent, compared with 2.96 pct, of which q2 Māori growth was due to a steady increase in the demand for high multi-story boards in downstream idc, which increased by about 15 per cent in the first half of the year, and the capacity utilization rate at the Quan Qingshan factory increased to over 90 per cent in the first half of the year (about 80 per cent last year).
(a) The Yellowstone plant is running on track, receiving some of the servers and industrial orders in the former Kunshan area, while adding new orders that are well-opened and yielding more than 90 per cent of the capacity; and the low-lying (Kunsan) vehicle board orders that benefit from stable and continuous properties, with substantially full capacity, during the reporting period
The reason for the significant increase in profitability is the end of consumption in the company’s pre-plant relocation and the gradual clarity of product production planning.
The elimination of internal wear and tear has led to a stable business environment for the first half of the year, with the company's two main track numbers and cars having a more stable price and profit margin in pcb, with higher capacity utilization and a better rate of growth.
In the area of product structure optimization, high-speed pcb billing, car radar and power management order upgrades by overseas client servers during the reporting period (77ghz radar pcb by the end of the year)
At the same time, the company has reduced the ratio of low-price orders at the Yellowstone Factory, q2 Yellow Stone Plants having succeeded in reversing the loss of $1.276 million during the reporting period.
The company completed the equity incentive scheme in the first half of the year, with a total amortization cost of $10.442 million, with a non-recurrent gain or loss of $27.51 million, of which the Government subsidized $33.89 million, mainly from the deferred revenue amortization of the construction of the Kunshan plant resulting from the overall relocation, and the innovative development of the transformation and upgrading of the city of Kunshan.
In the first half of the year, the financial cost was $7.93 million, corresponding to the corresponding rate of 8 per cent, of which net interest income and expenditure increased by approximately $2.64 million, and losses on exchange decreased by approximately $2.98 million, or $6.21 million, respectively.
Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $223 million, or +467 per cent of the year, mainly due to growth in the same size of revenue, resulting in a corresponding increase in net profits; and due to the fact that a major client was in late 2016
Approximately 130 million loans were disbursed in advance, resulting in a decrease in cash received during the same period of the previous year; $163 million in management costs, including an increase in R & D costs of approximately $2.558 million over the same period; significant increases in the profitability of board operations, and future layout of motor panel operations: corporate communications
The flat income was 1,543 million yuan, compared to +10.75 per cent, and the Māori rate was 22.11 per cent, compared to +4.25 pct. 4g construction ended with low demand in the telecommunications market and demand in high-performance computing areas, with an increase in the volume of goods delivered by servers during the reporting period, along with an increase in crop activity and product structure in green mills
Optimizing and automating efficiency increases the Māori rate; a pct. 24ghz high frequency radar product and new energy vehicle bms board orders are growing faster, entering a new energy vehicle supply system in the United States, where 77ghz radar boardq4 is expected to deliver in small quantities.
The company’s long-term goal is to reach the top five cars on the global board, with about 53% of sales revenue and less than 3% of direct sales to the United States. Good track, high barriers, and a lot of room for upgrading: the company’s two major business lines are communication boards and communication boards.
Carboards, communications from working with clients to develop, model, authenticate, small batches, one or two years, two or three years or even more, and companies have made a stock of high-quality customers, such as Chinese, Cisco, mainland, a new energy car company in the United States, and so on.
When the strong return, the five-g-car track is expected to be one of the best high-speed, multi-story productions in domestic firms.
The top producers of high-frequency microwave plates, with an average product price of $1,500-1800 per square metre higher than most of their internal counterparts, are less competitive in their mid-to-high-end markets. The company’s new plant, Yellowstone, had 500,000-7 million more capacity at the end of 2019, and about 1.5 million more later.
The slabs and hdi production can be expanded, with about 2 million square metres of additional capacity or an equivalent of 5 billion yuan in revenue, from the Institute.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.