A steady growth in performance and deep push for "ai+" \triangleright
\triangleright households with a penetration rate of 65.2 per cent, 6.1 pct, 46.0 yuan for mobile users, 0.6 per cent less for mobile users; 64.1 billion yuan for fixed nets and smart household services, 0.2 per cent more for broadband use;
The number of households reached 199 million, broadband integration arpu amounted to 48.3 yuan, which is relatively stable, and strategic and emerging businesses continued to expand. In the first half of 2025, the company industry generated 74.9 billion \triangleright.
1. China Telecom (601728.sh) reported in the first quarter of 2025 that revenues from new priority products have been growing faster, reaching 57.3 billion yuan, an increase of 3.8 per cent over the previous year; and smart performance growth, with a breakthrough in cloud andai operations in 2025/
Depending on the income from the network, it increased by 46.2% over the year, satellite revenues by 20.5% over the year, and quantum revenues by 171.1% over the same year.
Assessment: Growth in household performance driven by increased value added in mobile operations, with a medium-term rating of 81 per cent; 2) construction of a base of national integrated quantum security infrastructure capacity, with 16 city-based deployments of quantum security facilities; 3) close to 700 million users of physical connectivity; 4) mobile phones in satellite operations
China Telecom (601728.sh) Quarterly Report 2024 Review: Increase in income from industry digital title business and a steady profit margin Over 20 million straight-link satellite terminals, 6 auto-link satellite cooperation companies, aeronautical Internet access fleet
Step up to 2024/04/24 Market station occupancy rate is first. Quite well managed to improve operating efficiency, capital spending has been declining.
\triangleright sky cloud maintained high growth with a further increase in the proportion of red, efficiency gains, i.e. fine-tuning of energy cost management, roe up 0.2 pct to 5.0% from year to year, net interest rate equal to Piti
Investment Recommendations: Keeping in view the steady growth of corporate fundamentals, the accelerated expansion of strategic and emerging operations, and the firm ' s technical and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.