Speeding up the mind-brain transition, integrating ai with cloudnet - China Telecom's semi-annual performance rating of 2025, China Telecom (stock code: 601728)
Events: In recent days, China Telecom released its semi-annual performance report for 2025, which generated 26,942.2 million yuan/+1.3 per cent of total revenues; net profit for mothers was 23.17 billion yuan/+5.53 per cent; net profit for mothers after deductions amounted to ai+, quantum+, 5g+, and speeded up the digital transition to foster a new quality of productivity.
At present, the dominant trend in corporate ownership has been defined and gradually deepened, with companies continuously increasing their investment in strategic new business such as the one, the five-g, the Quantities, and the communication of Zhao Liang Bing, with capital spending amounting to $34.2 billion in the first half of the year.
With $11.6 billion, or 33.9 per cent of capital spending, looking forward to 2025, companies, on the one hand, have moved forward in capital spending to $83.6 billion, and industrial digital investment, on the other, is expected to rise to 38 per cent, with a 22 per cent increase in arithmetic inputs and a 22 per cent increase in the same amount, which will provide protection for innovative and cloud-based business development.
As of the first quarter of 25th year, the Aidc had a similar income.
This represents an increase of 7.4 per cent, with industrial digital revenues amounting to 74.9 billion yuan, and the widespread application of national production numeracy in a variety of scenarios and products, giving a strong impetus to the inclusive development of the ai technology. On the one hand, the sky cloud generated 57.3 billion yuan in the first half of the year, with smart incomes amounting to 6.3 billion yuan, an increase of 89.4 per cent.
In terms of quantum technology, the first half of the year saw an increase of 171.1% in quantum revenue, the number of users of quantum communications reached 6 million, and the number of clients in the areas of service administration, finance, energy and so on was more than 3,000.
The Quantum Calculating Clouds platform has gained the weight of 10 countries, and the development of Quantum Security Infrastructure has steadily advanced, building on the 16 priority cities such as Beijing and Shanghai Quantities City Network, leading head enterprises to expand Quantities, business layouts, and Quantities Industries.
Industrial smarts accelerate the process of industrial digitization, leading to significant income growth. The application of 5g is constantly promoting areas such as mines, manufacturing, electricity, and helping clients to improve their productivity, reduce safety risks, and improve their production quality.
Satellite-to-satellite “Sun and Earth” network connectivity has grown steadily, the quantum communications industry has grown at an early stage, a relatively deep 300-percent pattern of the ai, which has led to an increase in the size of the company's customers.
The technological breakthrough is expected to accelerate the growth of new and dynamic productivity, the internal circulation of core asset attributes, and medium- and long-term high-quality development with robust business and business performance, and the transformation of new and old dynamic energy. Companies are actively promoting “high returns on quality efficiency” programs, insisting on high-quality industry development, and launching positive ones.
There are programmes of action for sharing long-term corporate development gains with a wide range of investors. For medium-term dividends, 72% of the dividends are in gold, and for each share, 0.1812 yuan is in gold dividends (including, performance and valuation are expected to increase, and investment values are expected to show up in the medium and long term.
Investment proposals: new infrastructure policy support for the beneficial accounting network and digital transformation needs to unleash change, downstream ai applications are expected to be more widely available than expected, and corporate fundamentals are robust in promoting high-quality development, combined with the company's latest [Galactic Communications] company depth_communications industry_China Connect:a
37.181 billion yuan, 400.06 billion yuan, equivalent to 0.38, 0.41 million yuan, 0.44 yuan, corresponding to the wave cycle, pe 20.81 times, 19.52 times, 18.14 times the recommended rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.