iii China Telecom (601728.sh)
China Telecom has published its annual report for 2025 semi-annual reports, 2025h1, and the company has achieved a revenue of 26,9.4 billion yuan, i.e. 1.3 per cent, of which the service income is 24,91 million yuan, i.e. 1.2 per cent, and the net profit of the mother is 23 billion yuan.
1. Robust growth in revenue from basic operations and steady growth in arpu \triangleright 2025h1 and continued good growth in revenues from company mobile communications services, amounting to $106.6 billion
Households, arpu, amount to $46.0. We believe that companies continue to promote basic business innovation, speed up connectivity, speed up the upgrading of mobile networks to 5g-a, and increase the scale of direct satellite operations, volume-secret messaging, and are expected to maintain stability in the value of their operations.
The income from fixed nets and intelligent family services amounted to 64.1 billion yuan yuan, compared to 0.2 per cent, while broadband subscribers amounted to 199 million households and broadband combined arpu to 48.3 yuan. We believe that companies will accelerate the upgrading of applications, basic data: 30 June 2025
Continuous rejuvenation of operations such as communications assistants, cloud dishes, cloud computers, video colour bells, and breakthroughs in fttr and gigabytes applications to maintain stability. 2) Productive operations continue to grow and move further forward with the “ai+” operation.
Sky-wing clouds are heading all the way to smart clouds and making a breakthrough in the new sea. 2025h1, industrial digital revenues amount to $74.9 billion, or +1.5%. Of this, Sky-wing clouds earn $57.3 billion, smart revenues amount to $6.3 billion, or +89.4%, and the company accumulates 80 per cent based on a full-scale model of its base model.
The remaining big industry models, more than 30 industry smarts, online star maas platforms and star industry agent ocean platforms. In our view, integrated intelligent cloud services, in government, emergency response, industry, energy, chemicals, etc.
The housing sector is expected to develop a mature business model, companies are expected to benefit from the dynamism of the “ artificial intelligence plus” policy, and the penetration rate of intelligent clouds has gradually increased over the course of the world. In the first half of 2025, sky-wing clouds continued to collide with the power of the interconnected movement control market, with their own + access wisdom of 77 eflops.
Quantum/security, satellite communications, etc., have opened up new growth lanes and accelerated the transition of idc to idc. 2025h1 company aidc earns $18.4 billion, compared to 7.4%.
Satellite communications cellular revenues are equal to 20.5%, mobile phones have more than 22 million direct satellite terminals, and car companies have cooperated with six companies. Companies maintain a leading role in the quantum industry market, and quantum secrets achieve six main stream systems with full coverage, quantum secrets, quantum symphony and continuous enrichment of applications and ecology, and fully adapt to mainstream terminals.
The number of users of quantum communications has surpassed 6 million, and there are more than 3,000 clients in the areas of service administration, finance and energy, with a 171.1 per cent increase in volume income over the same period.
3) Capital spending continues to decline and smart sizes are growing rapidly
Qualitative and qualitative double-crossing, with an intellectual capacity of 43eflops and a total capacity of 77eflops, providing asimetric services covering general, smart, overcalculation and quantum calculations; in the data, over 580,000 hearts and over 85 per cent of the eight main hubs; and over 10 trillion tokens of common sizes.
Model data and 14 industry data sets, amounting to more than 350 tb. 2025h1, corporate capital expenditure is $34.2 billion, corresponding to 28%, of which the mobile network invests $12.1 billion, the industry digitally invests $11.6 billion, and the investment continues to be skewed. We believe that the company is looking for an infrastructure that is reasonably above the pre-coupled cloud network.
idc’s upward trend towards aaidc is unchanged, and as the capacity of the country’s productive capacity for rapid growth in intelligence-based services will continue to grow, it will consolidate the status of the “national cloud.” Looking forward: companies will strive for a good growth in their income, ebitda, net profits in 2025, and a high level of smart incomes
The company continues to have a high red rate of 72% in the first half of the year. Profit forecasting, valuation analysis, and investment proposals: the company is expected to return to its net profits in 2025-2027.
Continuing upgrades, valuations still have room for upgrading against mainstream overseas operators, maintaining a “buy-in-a” rating.
\triangleright is unable to meet the risk on time due to external policy constraints or additional smart targets with limited internal supply.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the trust that I have in my practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.