The Chinese Telecom (601728) semi-annual review in 2025 recorded a steady increase in revenue during the first half of the year and a steady increase in arithmetic support capacity.
0.2%. The company follows the new trends in digital consumption, spearheading the new business, and firmly advancing the two-wheel drive and innovation of basic and productive business.
The income from Internet and smart household services amounted to 64.1 billion yuan, a 0.2 per cent increase, of which 199 million were broadband users and 48.3 yuan were broadband integrated. Companies continued to strengthen integration and promote business strategies from “Cloud Change” to “Cloud Change Change” and continued high-quality enterprise development.
Main data, 2 September 2025 Industrial digitization: achieving remarkable growth results. Companies speed up the pace of business convergence to meet customer diversity, multilayered, individualized ai demand, and achieve industry in the first half of 2025.
With 74.9 billion yuan in linguistic revenue, the aidc income increased by 7.4 per cent over the same period, the sky-wing cloud earned up to the people's roe (ttm) and valued shareholder returns, continuously optimizing the structure of the numeric supply.
The value of the company has increased in tandem, with profits distributed in cash in the first half of the year 2025 increasing further.
To promote a deep integration of home-grown data sets, open-source data sets and third-party data sets, bringing together over 10 trillion token universal large model language data and 14 industry data sets, totalling over 350 tb. Investment proposals: in the context of smooth operations of the solidified business base and faster growth of new business,
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.