The price of titanium powder has remained high and the profits of the first half of the year are overrated.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry averages. The company's performance in the last six months of the first half of the year was raised from 1.1 billion to 1.2 billion yuan in the net profit margin for the first half of the year due to higher than expected price increases in the sale of titanium powder, which was the company's dominant product in the first half of the year.
Business management has increased corporate profitability, while company subsidiary Sichuan Lungi Industries Ltd. is an absolute leader in the domestic titanium powder industry: the company has a capacity of 560,000 tons of titanium powder, of which sulfur 1.
Tens of thousands of tons of titanium mineral energy have the advantage of a highly integrated industrial chain.
4. "The first quarter outperformed the expected titanium industry, and the second quarter fell in titanium ore prices, with leading companies being less affected: the second quarter fell in titanium ore prices.
5. In-house titanium powder industry, where the profitability of large and small enterprises is divided, the prices of the products of the flagship enterprises have not been set up and integrated industrial chains have been built.
We believe that, on the one hand, there is a strong bargaining power in leading firms and a greater market impact: on the other hand, overseas demand supports the stability of the price of titanium powder. The future of titanium powder still has room for price increases: we think titanium powder will continue to have room for price increases, mainly for reasons.
Yes: 1. Industry capacity is still likely to be affected by environmental high-pressure policies; after 2.88, titanium powder will enter the season of demand and will be strongly supported by price increases for titanium powder.
Driven by a gradual improvement in the supply of and demand for titanium powder, the company, as a leader in the titanium powder industry, will recover less than expected from the overseas economy and have less environmental control than expected
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.