Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The company's business income, published in the semi-annual report of 2017, amounted to $4.96 billion, an increase of 281.95 per cent, and a net profit of $1.31 billion for shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 1743.13 per cent.
The main reason for the sharp rise in corporate revenue was that the price of titanium powder was higher than in the same period last year, that the company strengthened its management and increased its profitability, and that the company's subsidiary, Sichuan Dragondu, had a stake in the high-stakes cycle and the price of titanium powder remained high: the titanium powder industry continued for a season in the second quarter of this year.
The industry has continued to grow. The company has achieved a net profit of $1.31 billion, while the price of titanium powder has remained high for the first half of the year, and the price of chlorinated products has risen.
The industry has continued to improve, raising prices several times in the first half of the year: in the first half of this year, domestic demand for titanium powder has stabilized.
5. The titanium powder industry is expected to continue in the second quarter, when performance exceeded expectations, and the price of titanium concentrate fell in the second quarter, with leading companies being less affected: titanium in the second quarter.
Inner titanium powder industry is characterized by the diversification of the profitability of large and small firms, and the prices of leading firms’ products have not been affected. We believe, on the one hand, that leading firms have a stronger bargaining power and a greater market impact: on the other hand, overseas demand supports the stability of titanium powder prices.
Environmentally tight and industry climates will continue: we believe titanium powder will continue to be high, and Kwok Xiang Xian Xian Xian Xi, due mainly to the fact that: 1.
The recovery of the overseas economy has been lower than expected, and environmental controls have been weaker than expected. An analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market has been made.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.