To get control of the rgm project, overseas titanium mergers and acquisitions, an important step forward, Shen Xiaogen.
A memorandum of understanding was signed on the rgm project to gain control over the rgm project and to cooperate with the mse group on the development and operation of the rgm project. The M & A overseas titanium mine is an important step that is expected to solve the problem of raw materials for the chlorination project: rgm is south
The Atlantic and Lacaronira projects are owned and operated by the South Atlantic projects, located in Brazil and comprising 4 mining areas of retiro, estreito, capaodomeio and Bojuru, and the Lacaronira project is located in Uruguay. The South Atlantic and Lacaronira projects have combined to produce 1.5 billion tons of minerals.
At present, the company has 300,000 tons of high titanium slag and 60,000 tons of titanium chloride powder, the country’s titanium mine has high and small magnesium content, and is not naturally suitable for chlorination.
After the project is implemented, it is expected that the raw materials of the titanium slag and chlorination devices will be thoroughly addressed, that production costs will be reduced, and that the company will be given valuable overseas experience to accelerate its internationalization process.
The specifics of cooperation are yet to be further explored and justified. In 2016, we imported 2.5 million tons of titanium and more than 40% of our imports, with India, Mosanbek, Kenya, Viet Nam, Australia, Senegal, and the top six importers for the first six years of 2016.
Half-yearly paper guides beautifully, year-round: the company's revised six-year report guides to $1.34 billion, plus titanium powder, and downstream is subject to environmental restrictions and short-term titanium powder prices. Over the medium term, environmental problems will continue to shape the supply of titanium and titanium powder, and demand-side real estate sales and housing.
New start-up data are still good, downstream seasons are coming, prices are stable, titanium powders are growing to appreciate the company's long-term growth in size and technology: the dragon and bellies have taken a huge step forward in the model and the titanium industry still has room for integration, especially on imported titanium mines.
The Division signed a memorandum of understanding on the rgm project and took an important step forward in overseas titanium mergers and acquisitions, with companies expected to grow and grow in the future; higher product quality and more environmentally friendly production processes were the eternal theme, chlorination was the way forward, titanium powder was the way forward, and there was still much to be done in the field of titanium technologies, and the company ' s chlorination system was the titanium.
1. Accompanies: Growth comes from a python, which is now better than ever before in all domestic projects, and is expected to lead the way. We continue to see good companies grow in size and technology over the long term.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.