Super-expected environmental protection is expected to dominate the price of titanium powder again.
\triangleright ' s business performance exceeded expectations in January-June 2017, mainly benefiting from: (1) company-led titanium powder sales, which resulted in higher corporate profitability; and (3) consolidation of the company ' s subsidiary, Sichuan Dragondu Co. Ltd. statements.
The U.S. and U.S. real estate bottoms are recovering, and the external needs are continuing to improve, compared to the trend of depth 300, the Unit exported 320,000 tonnes/+12% of titanium powder in January-May 2017 and updated 2014 with 720,000 tonnes/+34% of exports in 2016.
After an all-time high of 550,000 tons a year, the same-year increase in export volumes showed a strong upward trend in overseas demand. We believe that, with the end of 2015, the concentration of overseas sulphate titanium powder production was halted, leading to a partial flow of overseas orders to China and abroad, and a bottom-up recovery in the real estate sector in Europe and the United States, with two major factors leading to a sustained improvement in exports.
This is confirmed by the fact that the head, Tenor and Ishihara have again increased their prices by $200-300 per ton since 1 July. Real estate stock is still low, and the growth in the area of opening new houses supports domestic demand. January-May 2017, the cumulative area of opening of new houses in the country grew by 9.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Since the bottom of the decomposition cycle in 2009, there has been optimism about the opening of new houses in 2017. The rate of increase in titanium powder production is one year behind schedule, and domestic demand for titanium powder in 2017 is expected to continue to grow rigidly.
The technical specifications for the treatment of waste water in the titanium powder industry, undertaken by the Environmental Planning Institute of the Ministry of the Environment, have been successfully developed. Once this standard has been implemented, titanium waste water discharges will enter the mandatory implementation phase from no standards, and small and medium-sized enterprises will be pressured to fail to do so. In addition, titanium is produced by titanium miners (58% of the country's titanium minerals),
In July, environmental regulation continued to tighten, and titanium mines and titanium powder supply or will again be affected, which is expected to support the price of titanium powder. We believe that titanium powder sulphate production has stagnated, that chlorination has not matured, and that the logic of supply has not changed.
In the context of significant improvements in the basics, environmental controls will be tightened or will become the backbone of the industry in the coming years, with companies having advantages such as the size of the industry (500,000 tonnes/year sulphate + 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination), the process (chlorination), the cost (accompaniment of 1 million tonnes of titanium mines) and so on, which are expected to benefit in the long term.
Billion dollars, corresponding to 13 x, 12 x and 11 x, respectively. Maintain the “very recommended” rating. 1. Three friendly chemicals (600409).
The company's financial statement projections are summarized, Fan Jingzong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Qinghua University Department of Chemical Engineering, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In April 2015, research in the basic chemical industry was carried out at the Shanghai Transport University. In May 2017, he joined the Human Resources Institute Chemical Team. More research was done in the following sectors: pvc, rubber and other bulk products and biodegradable plastics, carbon-deep processing, flame retardant, etc.
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master ' s Degree, Certified Accountant, China University of Chemical Industry, former Director, PricewaterhouseCoopers, State Securities, and Director, Chemical Industry, Pacific Securities Institute, first author, published two papers in the international prestigious Sci journal, joined the Chemical Corps of the Chinese Institute of Civil Securities in April 2017 author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the China Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the Compliance Committee.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,