The performance is in line with expectations that titanium powder is expected to continue, with a 279.41 per cent increase over the same year for a python (002601), and a 1.31 billion yuan net return on the same year for a 1742.13 per cent increase.
□ titanium powder continues to be high and the company's performance is high, titanium powder industry continues to grow throughout 2016 with prices rising continuously in the first half of 2017, and the prices of titanium and titanium powder now reach 18,000 and 17,000 tons, respectively.
At an all-time high. During the reporting period, the company stepped up the industry cycle five times to raise the price of its products, actively promoted production and sales, and the company completed 305.5 million tons of titanium powder production, achieving $4.188 billion in revenue from titanium powder operations, a significant increase of 279.89 per cent in the same year, and an increase in the Māori ratio of its products.
Nearly 26 percentage points. The company also benefited from the company as the absolute leader in titanium powder, and the industry as a whole □ titanium, which strengthened the industrial chain. titanium powder is mainly produced as titanium concentrate, which is surrounded by Sichuan, the main producer of titanium concentrate in the country.
The price of titanium ore rose in the 1-2 quarter, and the price was significantly ahead of last year's level in the same period.
The dragon python acquired nearly 800,000 tons of titanium mineral energy, while the company completed its acquisition of Rillium, further raising the self-sufficiency rate of titanium concentrate, which reached 400,000 tons in the first half of the year. In August of this year, the company signed an agreement to acquire control over the rmg project, which could last 20 years.
The company has improved the layout of the upstream titanium concentrate, and the price advantage of the raw material will significantly increase the cost advantage and competitive market power of the company’s products, and the company’s leading position will continue to be strengthened.
Environmental protection inhibits supply, export pulls demand, supply-side reforms and environmental inspections have affected the country for the last two years, and titanium powder production continues to decline, with high levels of pollution and small and medium-sized production starting to be cleared.
The main production areas of titanium powder and titanium concentrates, such as Shandong, and the supply ends of titanium powder will be further curtailed. There is a need to face up to the fact that, on the one hand, the domestic economy is stable and real-estate demand drives titanium powder consumption; on the other hand, the demand for foreign titanium powder is warming, with exports of titanium powder during the first half of the year increasing at a rate that is consistent with the same period.
The price of titanium powder is expected to continue to rise steadily in the context of sustained improvements in supply and demand. No rating – because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons.
This report is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are based on open market information, the accuracy of which I know.
There is no guarantee of sex or integrity, nor is there any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. This person has not been, is not, will not be, and will not receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly, as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.