The chemical industry of the dragon python (002601) is performing as expected, and the second half of the year is still worth looking forward to.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2017, which generated operating income of $4.96 billion, an increase of 282 per cent over the reporting period; achieved a net return profit of $1.31 billion, an increase of 174.2.3 per cent over the same period, while the company projected a sharp rise in the price of titanium powder and an increase in the size of the dragon python.
While 294.5 million tons of titanium powder were sold, an increase of 130.3% over the same period, the supply and demand of titanium powder markets remained tight in the first half of the year, the prices of products continued to rise, and the company tax-free average price of titanium powder products was $14,195 million per ton, a 65% increase over the same period last year.
In addition to the increase in the company titanium powder harvest by 279.9 per cent in the same year, which also led to an increase in the Māori rate of 19.97 percentage points to 46.6 per cent, the company’s salivant and other products, respectively, grew by 37.2 per cent and 349.6 per cent, respectively, from three fees in the first half of the year, with only management costs increasing by a significant increase in the cost of technological development.
After the company's merger, 560,000 tonnes/year titanium powder production, the only titanium powder company in Asia and the fourth in the world, is the only one in the country with both sulphur.
At the same time, the company has completed the acquisition of the groceries, which has further increased the self-sufficiency of the raw materials, and has completed the selection of titanium concentrate during the reporting period.
And companies produce titanium powder, sulfuric acid, titanium-rich material, oxidium production patterns, and industrial structures are excellent. We believe that companies are the country’s absolute titanium powder giants, with significant resources, technology, and profitability, and that the long-run premium is expected to continue in the historical context of the industry’s continued improvement.
We believe that the domestic demand for titanium powder is stable, that international titanium powder price hikes are good for domestic exports, that titanium powder demand is expected to increase further, and that the subsequent capacity release is in the form of an expansion of chlorination, but the chlorination process is still pending.
Further breakthroughs have led us to believe that titanium powder production will continue to grow at a low rate over the next 2-3 years, and that the company, as a domestic titanium chalk tap, the industry chain pattern, the production process and profitability will all be highlighted.
U.S.C. (hereinafter “the company”) holds the qualifications of the Securities Investment Advisory Service approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.