On November 01, 2023, q3 light-voltage glass is in a price-up route, leading to higher yields and higher net profits. On the demand side, photo-voltage master \triangleright
The downside of the industry chain price has stimulated higher demand for downstream loadings, increasing the production ring of the components in July and August to boost the demand for glass; on the supply side, profits from the photovoltaic glass industry have hovered at the bottom, leading to the expansion of the capacity of some SMEs, insufficient power, and a system of hearings has slowed the overall expansion of the industry's capacity, and the supply and demand for photovoltaic glass has slowed down.
At the same time, at the cost end, the price of pure alkali has recovered since August, promoting the price increase of glass by Dun Yongkang to channel the pressure on the cost of raw materials. Following a small increase in the price of light glass in early August, in September.
The prices of 3.2 mm and 2.0 mm of light glass rose by $2.0 and 1.5 m/m, respectively. The company’s revenue and net profit grew at a high rate as a result of the release of new production capacity and the increase in the price of light glass.
For Māori, the Māori rate for 23q3 is \triangleright.
Companies also hoard low-cost, pure-alkali stocks. In terms of cost rates, corporate costs are well regulated, and the scale effect is driven by an increase in interest spending on borrowings.
Research assistant Lin Fukyo's capacity continues to expand, consolidating the company's flagship status. The company currently produces approximately 20,600 t/d light glass, and plans to gradually move to 4 1,200 t/d kilns in An Xiangyang by the end of 23; in addition, the company intends to be located in Jiangsu.
The construction of four 1,200t/d kilns in South Chinaton, which has now been approved by a public hearing, is being accelerated. The Division has been active in expanding the production of photovoltaic glass, which has helped to leverage the advantages of scale and further consolidates the company’s industry leader, 1.Frett (601865.sh), who reported in mid-2023:
2. Fulvert (601865.sh) 2022 Annual Stocktaking: Profit-phase Sexual Intensity, which steadily expands productive capacity to strengthen its position as a leader
3. Fullet (601865.sh) 3-quarter 2022: 4. Fulette (601865.sh) 2021 Annual Review: 21q4 short pressure on performance, extension + upward integration
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.