Event: The company recently released its three-quarter 2023 report. The company achieved gross operating income in the first three quarters of 2023.
15,885 million yuan, or 41.64 per cent more than the previous year; a net return profit of 1,969 million yuan, or 30.86 per cent more than the previous year; a significant increase in the performance of 2023q3 companies and an increase in profitability. In the third quarter of 2023, companies achieved a single-quarter high; prices of raw materials such as natural gas have fallen since this year and companies have been able to make a profit.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company's R&D costs amounted to $489 million, an increase of 27.0 per cent, and the company's current production lines, thousands of tons and above.
The stoves are close to 90%, and the company will take ownership of the development of the large kilns, and the breakthroughs in the technology bottlenecks in the kilns will take a step further to reduce costs, further increase the production rate, and consolidate the competitive advantage in the photovoltaic glass industry. In the same vein, the company has introduced its own innovative aesthetic glass product, resolving all of the distributed roof projects.
The problem of the glass color differential of the black-voltage components has significantly raised the profile of the components, and the beauty and efficiency of the components have been used to meet the demands of downstream customers for diversity and beauty in the light-glass products. In summary, the company will focus on matching industry demand, improving production line layout capabilities, and providing better supply to meet the needs of the industry.
In addition, the company will work to upgrade processes, refine technologies, lower costs, improve production efficiency, and continuously reduce efficiency gains, ensuring the Group’s sustainable development capacity and competitiveness in the global photovoltaic market.
The company’s productive capacity has steadily increased, and it is expected to benefit from the high profile of downstream industries. In the first half of this year, the number of domestic roe (ttm) new installed machines in the country was 128.94gw, an increase of 145% over the previous year, continuing the rapid growth trend up to that date.
1,200 tons per day, the company followed up and planned the expansion of the Ensign IV project and the Nanton project, steadily pushing forward, increasing the size of the production capacity, promising to strengthen the company's scalability advantages, further optimizing production costs, building up the company's profitability and benefiting from the high profile of the photovoltaic industry and the demand of downstream assembly manufacturers
Investment proposals: companies continue to optimize production costs, expand production capacity steadily, and drive performance on a continuous basis
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.