Sinjiyama's evidence.
On 13 November, the company issued an announcement for the construction of two \triangleright 1600 tons of photovoltaic component sheet glass projects on the island of Central Java, Indonesia, with an estimated total investment of approximately $290 million.
The company has \triangleright and two \triangleright production lines of 1,000 tons. The construction period for this project is expected to be 18 months and will be added when it is completed.
The project is an important initiative for companies to respond to the country's high-quality “one-way” initiative, enabling them to upgrade their productive capacity and optimize global production; and to leverage the advantages of production in Indonesia, reducing the cost of production and increasing corporate resistance.
Market data: 16 November 2023 Risk capabilities and business stability to achieve sustainable development. Improved profitability, scale effects, real cost advantages of a kiln.
\triangleright yields 15.8 billion yuan, or +41.6 per cent of the year; net return to the mother 1.97 billion yuan; +30.9 per cent of the year; 6.21 billion yuan, or +58.72 per cent of the year, for the third quarter; and net return to the mother.
+4.6 pct, the improvement in the Māori rate mainly benefits from falling prices of raw materials such as pure alkaline.
In addition, the company Ying Bin, Guangxi and the announced Indonesia project are 1600 tons of kilns, compared to the 1,000 tons of kilns, which are expected to reduce energy consumption and increase the production rate, and are expected to be sustained with the second and third line.
By the end of the third quarter of 2023, corporate cash flows amounted to -21 million yuan, and by the end of the third quarter of single cash flows amounted to 820 million yuan, resulting in a significant improvement in the ring, mainly as a result of the company’s gradual realization of production and sales income as a result of the increased capacity of the company.
Increased competition in the industry: \triangleright currently being built and under construction in the country, according to the Ministry of Trade and Communications hearing project
Greater photovoltaic glass production, and the excess supply of potential production when released centrally, will result in less than expected demand for products: if domestic and foreign demand increases less rapidly than expected, it will have an impact on the volume of raw materials and fuel price fluctuations: if prices such as pure alkaline, natural gas, etc. rise rapidly, it will have a negative impact.
\triangleright Sets the risk of an increase in the ban: stock prices may fluctuate after an increase in the ban. \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.