q3 has seen a significant increase in profits, and the photovoltaic faucet is firmly in place.
The first analysis of Wu Ho's power equipment and the new energy industry led to an increase in the net base price ratio. 2023q3 achieved a return in profit margins for light glass, and the company's profitability was improved effectively; pure base prices, though, have increased since September.
The impact of rising costs is partly offset by a simultaneous increase in the price of photovoltaic glass products, which, taken as a whole, increases in the profitability ring of 2023q3. Sustained growth in productive capacity, with the city’s share expected to continue to outpace.
The kiln production line reduces the consumption of production singles and deploys upstream graphite ore resources, secures the supply of raw materials, and maintains cost advantages. We believe that companies will continue to lead the way by adding certainty or greater capacity expansion, and that the city’s share is expected to continue to rise, maintaining industry leadership.
\triangleright Risk factors: less photovoltaic demand, less permeability of two-probable components, more than expected risk, into production
Kindasecuritiesco., Ltd. House No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in Beijing City West Side, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 to study the photovolt industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, and joined the Sindashian voucher research centre in 2022 for research in electrical equipment and storage, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new energy car dealership, Lee Woo-hung, team member, Master of Economics, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, responsible for non-relationship, non-relationship and direct or indirect relevance to the specific analysis or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.