* Benefiting from the upturn in demand in the storage cycle, the company’s profitability has steadily increased. In the first half of 2024, the semiconductor industry recovered, demand in the consumer and network markets warmed back and led to an increase in the sale and collection of the company’s stored chips; the company continues to be on a market-based basis.
The centre’s strategy, continuous R & D inputs and product rotations, has led to increased competitiveness across product lines. h1 companies have achieved operating revenues of $3.609 billion, or +21.69 per cent; net return to the mother 5.17 Liu Makino
(i) Noorflash: As a global noorflash leader, companies continue to maintain leading technology and market advantages. In automobile applications, companies ' gd25 products fully meet the requirements of aec--
q100 certification, gd55 2gb high-volume product has also passed the certification company spinorflash domestic base storage +mcu taps, in-house completion cycle.
Half-yearly, 2023: Growth in the yield ring, q2 battalion product. Currently, the entire series of products at the company ' s 55nm process nodes are produced and the process is ongoing. (2) Nandflash: 38nm and 24nm are in the process of full production and are in the process of being produced.
Annual Report 2022 and Quarterly 2023: Storage down, cycle performance, diversification of industries, automobiles, etc., with 24nm as the main process, with capacity covered by 1gb~8gb, in which spinandflash
The company has a full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc.
Flash, which provides more opportunities to enter the car market. (3) Dram: In the first half of 2024, offshore plants gradually increased their investment in high-end products, correspondingly reducing their supply in such areas as ddr4, ddr3 etc., heating up with consumer electronics, and improving supply and demand patterns driving the price of niche products
The company ' s dram product consists of two product groups: ddr3l and dddr4, ddr3l provides market-wide 1gb/2gb/4gb capacity; dddr48gb product has succeeded in streaming and has provided a sample of the client household to provide a wide range of application options for the market with a 4gb/8gb capacity.
During the first half of the year, the market expansion of dram was evident, with a further increase in the total number of clients handed over to it. Literally dram products were collected in the first half of the year by the operations in which the trademarks were operated, and deliveries continued in the second half.
As downstream consumption stocks returned to normal in 2023, the effects of de-diversion in the industrial sector became apparent, with better deliveries in the first half of the year and near pre-historic peaks in the second quarter.
Production of 51 product series, more than 600 mcu products, with kernels covering armcortex-m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7. In the process, the company ' s mcu products currently cover 110 nm, 55nm, 40nm, 22nm and are industry leaders.
The company ' s car regulation gd32a series mcu currently offers a total of 4 types of wrapping for market options. The company ' s car regulation mcu product establishes and maintains a deep partnership with a number of domestic and international headtier 1 companies.
Currently, the company’s Car Regulations program has been bulked for multiple car manufacturers, and overall sales have increased by the same amount. Chief: Xiaojun Zhao’s 16-year work experience in the electronics and communications industry, was in charge of research and development, engineering, supply, etc., of several international branding terminals in China, Ali Baba, Motorola, Fujican, etc.
Long-term focus on three main directions: one, semiconductor, and hard technology; two, smart cars, and robotics; and three, new energy sources. If not, the future will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided to you only for reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or as an invitation to others.