The q3 q3 `not a good season' of 23 August 2024 did not prevent the company's subsequent growth.
— Company performance rating for 24 years, noorflash operations, recovery of demand for consumer electronics, connectivity and security, q2 demand growth q2 circulation market value (million yuan):
Better, as the world’s second-largest spinorflash manufacturer, the company’s output and harvest have grown faster, with annual harvests equal to over 40 per cent in the first half of the year. q2 has been tightened by supply, with noor prices rising steadily, and the company’s Māori rate has risen slightly over the same period last year.
However, the upgrading of product specifications such as aipc, tws and ai servers has led to a moderate recovery in market demand, with companies expected to continue to increase their share of output in terms of medium capacity and industrial and car regulations. Annual procurement replacements have doubled, with completed purchases in the first half of the year accounting for the contract amount
53%. The market expansion of the 24h1 company’s dram has been evident, with a steady increase in the volume of ddr3l and dddr4 shipments, and better harvests in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, network communications, etc. On the supply side, the former plants abroad have gradually increased their input to high-end products such as hbm and dddr5, with corresponding reductions in ddr4, ddr4 and ddr4.
The supply of products such as ddr3, which led to the tightening of the supply of the luxurious dram, led to the production of the 24h1 luxurious product.
Reverse growth has been largely driven by demand for photovoltaics, industrial controls, light modules, etc., and the industry sector has seen an increase in revenues from the Foreign Secretary's research-mock innovation (603986.sh) company. Despite weak short-term car demand, the trend of electric intelligence is moving forward, and companies have joined forces.
A number of topstier1 companies have established deep partnerships, and in the future, as the garage and Tier1 are phased out of stock, the repossessor will drive the continued expansion of vehicle-mounted mcu, driving the company’s growing performance. Upward risk: the downwinding is accelerating: the exit of large offshore plants: the market share continues to rise.
Downside risks: product prices are not warming as expected; downstream demand is recovering as expected; other systemic winds, specifically, 24q2, with a single quarterly revenue of $1,982 million, yoy+21.99 per cent, qoq+21.78 per cent; net return to mothers is $312 million, and noorflash operations: overall market demand in the second quarter is still better than in the same period last year, with demand for consumer electronics, connectivity and security recovering.
As the world’s second-largest spinorflash manufacturer, companies have grown significantly in terms of volume and revenue from noorflash, and are expected to grow by more than 40% in the first half of the year. As market supply and demand have strained, prices for the net as a whole have been rising steadily in the second quarter, and the Māori ratio of the company’s products has shown a small upward trend over the same period last year.
Currently, the company’s product lines offer up to 13 capacity options (covering 512 kb-2gb) that meet the different needs of clients in different applications, achieve production in a full range of products at 55 nm process nodes, and continue to develop a process-scale iterative approach. Companies continue to consolidate their market position in medium- and high-end consumption and actively explore other areas. The company’s spinorflash regulation product, 2mb-2gb, is fully lined up.
While market observations suggest that three quarters of demand, especially consumption, do not exhibit a traditional pattern of high seasons, product specifications such as aipc, tws, and ai service providers will continue to generate a warmer recovery in overall market demand. The company’s advantage in terms of medium capacity and industrial and car regulation products is clear, and the overall share of goods delivered is expected to continue to rise, leading to an increase in corporate revenue.
Nandflash: As the demand for network, security, etc. recovers, and some of the Nand have a substitute effect on noor’s value for money in some high-volume applications, the company has grown considerably in Nand. From product R & D, the company has achieved a full volume of 38 nm and 24 nm in Nandflash, and is gradually moving to 24 nm.
For the main process, the volume covers 1 gb-8gb, with spinandflash achieving full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc., and 38 nmslncnandflash, the company, with a standard product capacity of 1 gb-4gb. The annual $362 million is expected to rise to $852 million in 2024, with the purchase volume doubling.
24h1, the market expansion of corporate drams has been evident, total transactions and the number of customers have increased further, the number of products produced by companies ddr3l and ddr4 has continued to increase, and better harvests have been made in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, network communications, etc., and other self-research products are being promoted on a continuous basis. On the supply side, the former overseas plants have gradually increased their input into high-end products such as hbm and ddr5, resulting in a corresponding decline in the supply of products such as dddr4 and ddr3.
The base-dram, which has generally seen a contraction in supply, has led to an upturn in the price of 24h1 lithic products. The varm utility mcu supplier, with process coverage of 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm, 22 nm, is a leader in the industry.
In the area of automobiles, the trend towards electric intelligence, despite a slowdown in the volume of automobile sales, has continued, with company-level mcu products establishing and maintaining deep partnerships with a number of domestic and international front-line Tier1 companies. As the plant and Tier 1 stock levels decline in the future, the need to replenish banks will be accompanied by demand.
2. Corporate valuation and performance chart Noor business collection is more than 35 per cent higher than last year, and the Māori rate is more than 40 per cent higher. 3) The branded dram sales are going well, and the year-round harvest is expected to make a breakthrough.
1 billion levels. 4) h2 Mcu business grew by more than 30% on a year-to-year basis as industry and so on. 5) Corporate overall Māori rate has stabilized at over 38%. 1) Driven by rising supply and demand pressures, the price of medium-volume nalflash rose by 5-10% from 24h2 and the Māori rate of operations reached over 45%. 2) Korean manufacturers stepped up their exit, with branded dram demand exceeding expectations, reaching over 25% overall Māori; 3) mcu in consumption and industry.
The recovery of downstream demand based on 1)h2 has been slower than expected. There has been a fall in the price of the upper-middle-volume norflash. The demand for home-grown chips has declined for overseas customers) dram product progress and customer imports have fallen short of expectations, and companies have not been able to meet their targets for purchases from specific customers. 3) Overseas mcu suppliers have increased their share of domestic industry figure 3: corporate business accounts
Figure 4: Quarterly rates of growth and growth (millions of dollars) Figure 5: Quarterly net profits and rates of increase (millions)
Figure 7: Quarterly changes in companies ' roa/roe Figure 8: Quarterly variations in firms' cost rates
Large offshore plants are accelerating their exit: Samsung and ssk Hercules are expected to stop production of dddr3 by 24h2, and Light has significantly reduced their dddr3 capacity, and demand for corporate products will increase if large offshore plants accelerate their withdrawal, and firms’ performance will grow faster. Market share will continue to rise: the company’s dram will take on more shares in the market of large offshore plants, crowding out more noorflash manufacturers in China, Wanghong, etc.
Product prices are warming as expected: the current price of corporate products is warming, and if not, it will have an impact on corporate performance. Downstream demand recovery is less than expected: current demand for consumer electronics is slowly recovering, automobiles and industries are still in stock cycles, with adverse effects on corporate sales and the asp if downstream demand is not.
Other systemic risks are: China-United States trade frictions, border political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts