Micro-innovation (603986.sh) Electronics group Continuous beneficial storage cycle with significant improvements in profitability
Revenue growth has been steady and profitability has improved significantly in a single quarter. Data for the single quarter show that 24q2 1. " MIG: Out of a low cycle, revenue and profits are visible. Companies achieved revenues of approximately $1.982 billion, a 22 per cent increase over the same period and 21.8 per cent growth over the ring " ;
“Assumptions of MPI: second quarter performance exceeded expectations, looking forward to the second half of the year. Net profit-to-ring increases in the first quarter were significantly greater than the increase in revenue, indicating corporate profitability, 2023.7.14
Downstream warming of demand and continued expansion of product lines contributed to higher performance. The high performance in the first half of the year was due mainly to: 1) consumption, the warming of demand in the net market, which led to an increase in the sales and collection of public chips stored in the public domain. 2) The company continues to be market-based.
The Centre ' s strategy, continuous R & D inputs and product rotation, continuous optimization of product costs, increasing competitiveness of multiple product lines: slcnandflash has achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc., and dram's complete layout
Two product lines, ddr3 and dddr4, have basically covered such applications as web access, tv, and mainstream client groups, and mcu products have successfully produced 46 large product series, more than 600.
The company published research records indicating that the price of 2024q1 Ligdram had already been achieved in the China Daily Economic News, where the industry reported that the top two of the world's largest dram suppliers, Korea's Three Stars, and sk Hercules, were doing their best to punctured the Hbm and mainstream ddr5 specifications.
The supply of the ddr3 dram will cease six months ago, and the South Asia Section, Taiwan’s largest dram chip manufacturer, has now begun to shift significantly to ddr4 and ddr5, with prices skyrocketing, up to 20% and prices rising again in the second half of the year.
Keeping in mind that companies are expected to benefit in the future from the growth of large storage plants out of the nichedram market, taking into account the constant increase in the price of storage units, we have moved up the firm ' s 2024-2026 net profit net market competition, higher raw materials prices, less than expected promotion of new products, exchange rate winds.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market