Momentum Innovation (603986.sh): The price of the base storage is expected to continue to warm, with additional capacity or security.
Summary of events: On 10 July 2024, Moi-City Innovation issued a 2024 semi-annual performance advance announcement, the first half of 2024, the first half of 2024, when consumer, network market demand warmed, leading to increased product sales and collections of corporate chip storage; and, at the operational level, companies continued to maintain a market-centred strategy of continuous R & D inputs and product rotations, and continued product optimization.
The company’s 1.5 billion yuan in long-term technology, more secure production capacity, and sufficient demand to promote new business again. According to China’s Taiwan Media Daily, the world’s head is growing.
Dram supplier Samsung, sk Hercules is doing everything in their power to hit high bandwidth memory (hbm) and mainstream ddr5 specifications, and the supply of ddr3 lily dram will be discontinued in the second half of the year. Another big head manufacturer, Light Light, is expanding ddr5 and high bandwidth memory capacity, which has also significantly reduced the supply of ddr3. In addition, Taiwan's largest chip manufacturer, South Asia, is currently producing the energy backbone of the South Asia Section.
The price of the new Ddr3 contract for the storage company, the second quarter of the Chinese electricity plant, has been finalized, the price of the Chinese electricity has been raised successfully by 10%, and the overall average increase is not as high as 20%. The main reason for the increase is that the supply of the ddr3 supply is tight because of the recovery in the demand for the Internet.
The product ddr4 is produced in volume, and the product ddr3 is expected to enter the market in September 2023. The product dddr3 has several product models for the product lines ddr3 and dddr4, dddr3l can provide 1 gb/2gb/4gb capacity, dddr4 can provide 4gb, and can satisfy the customer for different types and capacities.
The company will continue to develop lpddr4 products. By 2025, the company’s dram products are expected to cover 1.2024q1 performance improvements, and storage and mcu production are proposed to contribute $1.5 billion from its own funds to the long-term technology replenishment.
Short-term performance pressure, storage and long-term mcu supply of surrogate capacity, and company-based drams may continue to rise in the second half of 2024.
Corporate noor products are central to a market-based strategy, and sales may continue to grow in 2024, with the product structure constantly moving to higher ends. 3. North-west innovation (603986): taking advantage of wind-based upgrades, leading innovation through cycles -
In 2023, we measured the total price of the company's storage chips at 28.32% per year, and in the face of a rapid decline in global demand, the company's sales continued to grow at a high rate, highlighting the competitiveness of the products that are at the forefront of the company.
The Division can provide as many as 16 capacity options (covering 512 kb to 2gb), four different voltage ranges, and as many as 20 different – semiconductor industry depth reports (ii) options that meet the needs of customers for capacity, voltage, and forms of encapsulation in different applications.
The company’s product is increasingly diversified, its programming is going down to 55 nm, and its structure is becoming more sophisticated. With the recovery of the ai, consumer, and network industries, the company’s operations are expected to warm back in 2024.
>Corporates slcnand may be experiencing a small increase in prices, client groups or further opening. 2024h1 looks at slcnand prices, with a small increase in prices for some of the products, which is expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year as demand for downstream servers, ai, etc.
1gb~8gb, of which spinandflash has completed the decomposition of the whole product category in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobile electronics, etc., and started to take delivery normally. The consumer markets also experienced a small warming in the first half of the year, and may be improving marginally in the second half.
In addition, the prices of public, slcnand, mcu, etc. are gradually warming, downstream demand is rising, company products are being kept up, legitimate compliance data information is being used, research findings are being carefully developed and the report is being produced independently and objectively.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.