The product matrix continues to expand, stock buybacks show confidence, and the semi-annual review of 2024 by Liu Monjing.
According to the company’s semi-annual report, the company’s current products are divided mainly into storage products, microcontrol products, and sensor products.
During the reporting period, the global semiconductor industry was recovering from demand, such as the one on the one hand. On the other hand, for storage, 1)dram, improvements in supply and demand patterns in the first half of 2024 led to price hikes for niche products. On the other hand, the former overseas plants gradually increased their high-end production of hbm and ddr5.
In response to the decline in the supply of products such as ddr4 and ddr3, the base dram as a whole, with respect to key data dated 21 August 2024, the yole study showed that the global market size of the mcu was approximately $22.9 billion in 2023.
Gold. Wsts expects the global mcu market to grow at a moderate rate of 1.6% and a significant increase in the same year, and 24q2 won, the net profit of the mother achieved the same and the ring increased. Many of the company’s operations have progressed well and the product structure has been upgraded over the reporting period.
Multi-product line configurations, currently classified into spinor, slcnand and dram, microcontrols including arm core and risc-v open source cores, sensors including touch control and fingerprint identification chips, and expansion of the consumer market to industrial controls, car markets and new ones.
In terms of storage, companies continue to be technologically and market-led in the area of noorflash, providing large capacity, high performance, high reliability, high safety, and full compliance with aec-q100 certification, and gd55 2gb large-capacity products, respectively, in response to the demand of different applications.
mcu products have successfully produced 51 product series, more than 600 mcu products, with full coverage of high performance, mainstream, entry level, low power consumption, wireless, car regulation, specialized products;
A wide range of applications for the ogs touch screens, the fingerprinting chip has been used for many years in the commercial front/backstage/side capacitation and optical programs of mobile phones to become market mainstream programmers. In the first half of 2024, the benefits reheated downstream demand, with company flash products in the areas of consumption and access to the market.
It was a new growth, and it was clear that the mcu product matrix had been enriched, leading to a recovery in corporate profitability. Specifically, the firm’s sales in the first half of 2024 offered to buy back shares, highlighting confidence in continued development in the future.
According to the bulletin, the company's controlling shareholders, the actual controller and the chairman of the board, Mr. Chu Yiming, proposed to repurchase the shares at the company's own funds in the amount of $150 million-$200 million and the amount of the repurchases in excess of $120/equity and not higher than the 30 trading days prior to the Board's approval of the repurchase of the shares.
150% of the average value of stock transactions, the repurchase of shares will be used entirely to write off and reduce registered capital. To enhance investor confidence in the company’s investments, it will help to safeguard the interests of a wide range of investors, and, on the other hand, it will reflect Mr. Zhu’s confidence in the company’s continued development and recognition of long-term values.
Investment proposals: The company's product lines cover multiple areas such as storage, mcu, sensors, etc., and continue to benefit from downstream heating + product matrices that are expected to achieve a double increase in the volume of goods delivered and operating income
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.