603986.sh) 2024 with a rise in profits and a steady improvement in product lines
The company’s main products are storages, microcontrols and sensors: the storage units are spinor, slcnand and dram, the microcontrols include the arm nuclear and the risc-v kernel open source, and the sensors include contact control and fingerprint identification chips.
The huhui2@guosen.com.cn market is warming, and storage, mcu and sensor collection are growing at the same rate. 1h24, driven by market growth in consumer markets, grids, etc., flash products have grown significantly and stored.
Industrial areas such as light modules and consumer applications have grown in volume, adding up the penetration rate of automobile products, and mcu has generated about 805 million won (22%), an increase of 4.27% over the same period. In addition, the sensor storage product area, noorflash, maintains an advantage and downstream applications continue to expand.
Second in the world, 13 types of capacity (512 kb-2gb), 4 different voltage ranges, more than 20 weeks of maximum/minimum price product series, 6 temperature specifications and more than 20 different encapsulation options, car scale spinandflash
Full-capacity coverage of 2mb-8gb has been achieved and has been applied in smart pods, smart drivers, smart web links, new energy power grids in areas such as network communications, television, a roof box, industry, intelligent households; ddr48gb products have been successfully delivered and samples have been provided to clients.
A series of over 600 products with kernels covering armécortex-m3, m4, m23, m33 and m7, with 32 mcus based on rsc-v, covering 110 nm, 55nm, 40nm, 22nm process, gradually covering body control, car lighting, smart cabins, auxiliary driving and
The global market of mcu is projected to grow at a rate of 1.6 per cent and 5.2 per cent in 24-24 years, with intelligent motor vehicles, industry, etc., with demand structure improvements and industry growth, and the public sector ' s mcu business moving back to the heating zone. In addition, the company owns the gd30 series of simulations around mcu.
Eco-covering dedicated power source management, high-performance power sources, power drive, lithium battery management, modular converter M.O.I. (603986.sh) - quarterly performance rebounds, equity incentives are clear (adc) and multiple voltage base products.
Micro-Innovation (603986.sh) - Māori Ring Improvement, Storage and mcu Warming in Investment Proposal: Based on the vanguard position of the company ' s domestic chip storage and mcu chip design, based on industry Moi-Innovation (603986.sh) - Stock Incentives Programme published, Medium- and Long-term Growth Targets
Momentum Innovation (603986.sh) - Long-term visualization of the diversity of automobiles and industrial controls - double the “better than the big market” rating.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase in the year, Figure 3: Net annual return profits of the company and rate of increase in the year, Figure 5: Cost rates during the company period
Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates Author ' s assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors ' past, present or future failure to study them