The G.I.P.A.A. 603986 on the 10th of July 2024, cyclical turn-off led to 24h1 performance repair.
Quarterlyly, the company is expected to earn 1.982 billion yuan (yoy+21.97%), the firm’s net homecoming prices are expected to increase significantly, the Māori rate has begun to recover, and the net profit of 24q2 has increased considerably. tws headphones, alphones, alpc, and servers have raised the demand for norflash.
Taiwan’s producers are more likely to increase prices under Maori pressure, and companies, as the world’s second-largest noorflash manufacturer, will benefit fully from increased demand and higher prices for their products. The three original plants are expected to transfer their ddr3 capacity to higher value added in ddr5 and hbm.
Liquidram will create a certain capacity gap, and is expected to enter the price increase cycle. The company will move from substitutedram to self-researcheddram.
In addition, the company introduced China’s first Chinese article, “Study-Memo-Innovation” (603986.sh) for the first time.
Mcu products based on anrcortex-m7 core are expected to benefit from the wave. Report: Large offshore plants exited from the capacity gap and stock-out-led products increased by 2024.06.30
Downward risk: Downward winding up: Large offshore plant exit acceleration: Market share acceleration Upward risk: Product price warming below expectations: Downstream demand below expectations: Other systemic risks: Company single-quarter net profit return and acceleration (millions of dollars)
The world’s current macroeconomic improvement, which will drive the development of industries, and the further improvement of the macro-environment, will benefit companies’ performance. Large offshore plants will soon exit: Samsung and ssk Hercules are expected to stop production of dddr3 by 24h2 and light will significantly reduce the dddr3 capacity.
If large offshore plants accelerate their exit, demand for corporate products will increase, and the company’s performance will accelerate. Market share will continue to rise: the company’s dram will take on more market shares for large offshore plants, crowding out more noor flash producers in China, Wanghong, and so forth.
Prices of products are not warming as expected: current prices of corporate products are warming and, if they do not, generate less downstream demand for company performance: current demand for consumer electronics is slowly recovering, automobiles and industry are still in the off-stock cycle, with adverse effects on the volume of corporate sales and asp if downstream requirements are not expected.
Other systemic risks are: China-United States trade frictions, border political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts