603986.sh) Electronic integrated circuitsii insist on a predominantly market-based and continuously expanding/optimizing the product matrix
During the year, companies maintained a business strategy centred on market ownership, sustained R & D inputs and product overlaps, continued abundance of product matrices, optimized product costs, and further enhanced competitiveness of product lines. 2024h1, companies achieved storage: downstream terminal demand recovered and companies continued to grow in such market areas as consumer markets, grid access, etc.
In the first half of the year, the market became more innovative, and the total number of clients turned on increased.
Continuous growth has now covered applications such as network communications, tv, and major client groups. (2) mcu: The Department has further enriched the product line matrix by launching new products in low-power, overvalue and high-performance series. 2024 In the first half of the year, consumer and industrial markets contributed to the first two areas of revenue.
In the automobile market, the volume of goods stored in companies’ car regulations has been growing well. The mcu product has developed and maintains deep partnerships with a number of domestic and international headstier1 companies.
Applications include the CarLight Programme, the avas Programme, the Wire Charging Programme, the Vehicle Direct Flowless Afforder Control System, and the Car dashboard. At present, the Corporate Car Regulations Programme has been applied in bulk to a number of car manufacturers, with a significant increase in overall sales. (3) Sensors: the first half of the year has seen an increase in the volume of goods delivered and in the volume of receipts.
Continue to improve product lines and upgrade product structures. (1) Storage: 1flash: The company is the second-largest company in the world, Spinorflash, offering up to 13 capacity options (covering 512 kb to 2gb), 4
Different voltage ranges, more than 20 product lines, 6 temperature specifications, and more than 20 different encapsulation options can satisfy the customer ' s demand for capacity, voltage and wrapping forms in a variety of product applications in different applications.
Quick, high reliability, low-capacity features, of which spinandflash has achieved full product coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, automobiles, etc.
Aec-q100 is certified and applied in such areas as smart cabins, smart driving, smart web links, new energy electric vehicles, big-mortality innovation: 24q1 performance swings to gain, power switching to mini-three power systems, etc., providing a variety of options for nationalizing vehicle-borne applications. 2dram: company dram packages
Overlaying the recovery of demand to boost the profit base to keep warm - the gold securities - including dddr3l and dddr4 items, can be used extensively in the areas of network communications, television, a roof box, wisers, industry, and car-borne audio systems.
Micro-innovation: base storage price rebounds, mculon capacity; ddr48gb product has succeeded and a sample of 4gb/8gb capacity has been made available to clients to shuffle up speed-gold securities plus electronics + megabeams for beneficiary industries
The market offers a wide range of application options. (2) mcu: for applications such as industry, a new high performance mcu of the gd32f5 series based on the armcortex-m33 inner core is fully adapted to applications such as energy power, photovoltaic storage, industrial automation, plc, network communication equipment, graphic displays, etc.
In subsectors, the gd32e235 series of mcu, which further expands the cortex-m23 inner nuclear arrays, provides entry-level products for applications such as electrical control, portable equipment, industrial self-motivation, household appliances, electric tools, and smart homes at a better performance and competitive cost.
In the area of low-power demand, the gd32l235 series of low-power mcu is introduced to meet low-capacity requirements in the fields of industrial metering, smart door locks, portable equipment, lot, electronic smoke, bms.
Strategic collaboration to further enrich the Gd32 software development tool chain. (3) Sensors: Introduction of two gsl6186moc and gsl6150h0moh, pc fingerprint identification solutions to help authenticate and gain access to Microsoft avl ' s list of suppliers, signalling further expansion of the company fingerprint identification solution
44.7/30.4/23.5. Given the company ' s continuous progress in the production of the chip storage process and its continuous growth of the mcu department store, and in the context of intelligentization such as consumer electronics/car electronics/industry, the build-up of the dram 'capacitation 'capacitation', the company 'or copy 'norflash' development path, the income scale/profit ability is expected to grow again. Maintenance of the 'buy-a'
Macro-environment and industry volatility risk; supply chain risk; exchange gains and losses risk.