2024q2 performance increased by the same ring, and profitability was continuously repaired
We see a steady recovery in downstream demand leading to an overall upturn in corporate performance and maintaining a “buy-in” rating. • Storage: the product matrix is becoming richer, downstream exports are increasing by the same time as the flash product, downstream demand is rising, and companies continue to do so in consumer markets, networks, etc.
In terms of branded dram products, the market expansion of 2024h1 has been significant, with a further increase in the total number of clients. Companies ddr3l and ddr4 have been growing in volume and now cover applications such as network communications, tv, and major client groups.
In the case of car regulation products, the company spinorflash regulation product 2m~2gb is fully lined, and the 38nmslnandflash regulation product capacity covers 1gb~4gb, with spinorflash, providing more opportunities to enter the car market.
• mcu: Consumption, industrial markets are warming up steadily, car regulation is constantly releasing mcu, and 2024h1 has introduced new products in the low-power series, the hypervalue series and the high-performance series, which further enrich the product line matrix. Downstream, consumer and industrial markets contribute to the first two areas of revenue.
Thanks to demand for light voltage, industrial controls, light modules, etc., the company's revenue contribution in the industrial sector has increased, as has its own self-research dram, in the areas of consumption, automobiles, network communications and storage calculations.
Open the Growth Space - Corporate Insight Report. Corporate car regulation mcu products establish and maintain in-depth partnerships with a number of domestic and international head Tier 1 companies, and product applications include the CarLight Program, the avas Program, the Wireless Charging Program, etc.
The case has been used in bulk for a number of car manufacturers, and the overall volume of sales has increased significantly on a year-on-year basis.