The Shinji Mountain Convergence (603986.sh) has continued to improve performance, and multi-product line layouts have contributed to long-term robust growth.
In a single quarter, the company achieved operating income of 1.982 billion yuan, an increase of 21.99 per cent over the same period and 21.78 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of 312 million yuan, an increase of 67.95 per cent over the same period, an increase of 52.46 per cent over the same period. \triangleright
Market data: On August 23, 2024, there was a significant increase in the volume of goods stored in the company and the amount of revenue collected.
The company’s flash product volume and harvests have increased significantly over the same period, and the market expansion of the branded dram product during the first half of the year has been evident, with a further increase in the total number of clients offered; the mcu product in the first half of the year was 805 million yuan, an increase of 4.34 per cent over the same period, owing to demand driven by photovoltaics, industrial controls, light modules, etc.
Revenue contributions in the industrial sector have increased, and mcu has also achieved an equal increase in the volume of goods delivered in the areas of consumption, automobiles, network communications and storage calculations; sensor products received $192 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 8.76 per cent, and an increase in the volume of goods delivered and receipts.
The product structure optimizes the Māori rate and significantly increases profitability. In the first half of 2024, the company ' s Māori ratio reached 38.16%, an increase of 4.73 pcts in the same year, mainly in the product structure of the company ' s product lines.
Efficiency has been effective in reducing unit production costs. In the first half of the year, net corporate interest rates were 14.33%, up by 3.00 pcts on a year-on-year basis. Net interest rate hikes were driven by good cost control and income growth, in the first half of the year.
Annual corporate sales/management/research and development rates of 4.72 per cent/6.21 per cent and 16.30 per cent respectively, same as storage: product structure continues to improve and market opening effects are evident. (1) dram: company accumulation is highly relevant to the niche market, with products comprising the product categories of ddr3l and dddr4, with ddr3l capacity covering the city
1 gb/2gb/4gb, common to the field, with good market expansion in the first half of the year (consumption, connectivity, industry) to achieve large-scale mass production; ddr48gb has been successful, small-scale production is expected in the second half of the year, large-scale production is expected to take place next year and open up the market for audio equipment. (2) Noor: products are widely applied to industry, steam
In a number of areas, such as cars, consumer electronics, pc and peripheries, and web access, the company noorflash ranked second in 2023, with product capacity ranging from 512 kb to 2gb, car regulation noor achieving full capacity coverage of 2mb-8gb, and 55 nm process node full range of products produced in quantities, maintaining technology and market leadership (3).
Slcnand: Full class coverage in the areas of consumer electronics, industry, motors electronics, communications, and 38/24nm process full mass production, with 24nm being the main process, with 1 gb-8gb, 38nm car regulation slcnand volume covering 1 gb-4gb.
Microcontrols: Industry and consumption are the top two areas of revenue. Consumer customers began to pick up goods last year, industrial customers returned to normal in the first half of this year, and as stocks deconstructed and demand recovered, the consumer customers began to take up goods.
Industry and consumption together will drive Mcu growth, and companies will focus in the future on the areas of automobiles, industrial automation, and energy power. As China’s first 32-bit Arm utility mcu supplier, the company gd32mcu has successfully produced 51 product series, more than 600 mcu products, car regulations.
Class gd32a series mcu currently provides four types of encapsulation of 10 models for market choice, process process, company mcu products covering 110/55/40/22nm and leading the industry. Sensors: including touch control and fingerprint identification chips. Touch control chips are achieved from 1 inch to 20 inches.
The screen size is comprehensive, covering mobile phones, tablets and smart homes, etc., interactive areas: fingerprinting. The chip is used in multiple flag ships/high/medium smart phones, smart door locks, notebooks, and in the future, it will also increase the layout in areas such as material networking/industry/carloading.
Business strategies centred on city-level ownership, sustained R & D inputs and product rotation, ensuring corporate \triangleright industry leadership. Company multi-product line configurations, continuous R & D inputs and product overlaps, no.
Disperse the product matrix, while proactively identifying the direction of high-potential products, building pre-emptive advantages, setting up the product base and customer base, and constantly opening up new applications, moving from consumer to industrial and car markets. By optimizing the product structure and improving the production process, companies will ensure the consolidation and upgrading of the city’s presence.
At the same time, it can stabilize and raise corporate profitability. In addition, the warmth of the global semiconductor market will provide firm external environmental support for the company's future business growth, and firm performance is expected to remain stable.
Market customers, maintaining technology and market leadership, taking into account the recovery of the industry cycle, company share supply chain risk: the company’s product characteristics are suitable for the use of the Fables business model, the company purchases the crystal circle from the crystal manufacturing enterprise, and the seal testing plant is commissioned for sealing and testing.
In addition, the higher concentration of corporate suppliers and the relative concentration of purchases will be adversely affected by large increases in farm prices, extra-procedural processing fees, or by a shortage of crystallized supply, which affects the production of a company’s products due to insufficient capacity and poor production management.
In the future, adverse changes in supplier operations, capacity constraints or tight partnerships may result in suppliers not making sufficient deliveries in a timely manner, with adverse effects on the company’s production operations. International trade frictions have further exacerbated the risk of increased uncertainty in the international trading environment in recent years.
\triangleright further spreads anti-globalization tradeism, with some countries having some impact on the development of some of our industries through trade protection. The integrated circuit industry has a typical global division of labour.
At the same time, if the future international trading environment is significantly changing, trade friction between the United States and China is escalating and global protectionism continues to rise, this could lead to limited business development, suppliers being unable to supply or customer procurement being constrained, with significant adverse effects on the normal production operations of companies.
Risk of macroeconomic change: Corporate products are mainly used in consumer electronics, industrial controls, auto power \triangleright, medical electronics, etc., and business development is inevitably subject to downstream application markets and macroeconomic waves
If the future downstream application market or the macroeconomic situation were to fluctuate sharply, reducing the demand for chips in the downstream application markets would have a negative impact on the business development of the company.
\triangleright’s settlement. In the future, large fluctuations in exchange rates may lead to greater exchange gains and losses for companies, leading to fluctuations in the level of corporate profits and adversely affecting the stability of the company’s future business performance.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.