The company reported its performance in mid-2024, and the company ' s income from operating income from 24h1 was $3.609 billion.
By comparison + 22 per cent, net profit attributable to the mother 517 million yuan, + 54 per cent, net profit excluded from the mother 473 million yuan, +72 per cent; and by single-quarter performance, corporate income of 24q2 was 1.982 billion yuan, +22 per cent, ring + 4.74 pt, single 24q2 Māri rate ring ratio, which remained largely stable during the reporting period, mainly in storage and mcu
The company's downstream industry is fragmented, with consumption, network demand warming, the company's sales in the storage and mcu fields increasing, the company's market-based strategy giving priority to the city, and the market's rising as of 24q2,
In the case of hand orders of $2.08 billion, which are expected to be fully converted into revenue in the same year. Operations split, 24h1 storage revenue of $2.605 billion, +29 per cent, mcu of $805 million, + 4 per cent, sensors of $192 million, + 9 per cent, with a consumption/non-consumption ratio of approximately
27%: 73%. According to one line of business, (1) storage: dram continues to expand and upgrade the company ceiling. The company ' s 24h1 revenue growth in the dram market has been significant, mainly as a result of the overall recovery in the dram market and the competitiveness of the company ' s products.
Rates have been further optimized and expanded in the product lines of ddr3 and ddr4, which now cover areas such as network communications, tv, and major client groups. Flash grabs have taken over the market and followed up with price changes. Companies have increased significantly in 24h1flash, with noor maintaining high-end consumer markets and expanding industry, connectivity, and steam.
Applications such as vehicles, in which the vehicle product 2mb-2gb capacity is fully covered, in the field of Nand, industry/car code, in the relative depth of 300 per cent, full coverage, and 38/24nm, in both processes, full volume, covering 1-8gb capacity. (2) mcu operations: up to and including
The mcu product covers 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm, 22 nm and establishes and maintains in-depth cooperation with a number of Tier1 companies. (3) Sensor operations: 24h1 earns $552 million, net profits are $69 million, and Slim1 achieves a reversal of 24h1 gains.
Investment proposals: The company’s product lines continue to increase market ownership, and the product’s competitiveness is gradually increasing. We anticipate the benefits of the e-Galactic innovation (603986.sh)_In-depth reports_Store +mcu+ Sensition platform companies.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities practice, and former employment in Xing Sea Certificates, National Security Securities, and Beijing Trust Securities Department. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Science and Technology, 3 years of experience in science and technology industry, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may arise if you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.