The company realized $5.604 billion (with \triangleright) in 2024h1.
The integration platform has been synergized and a new sign of recovery has been signed. 2024h1, the company has earned 3,371 million yuan in experimental room service operations (year-to-0.27 per cent), of which the biosciences account for better overseas service development, leading to steady growth in plate income; large molecules and cell and gene therapy.
On the other hand, income of $211 million (+5.49 per cent of the year) was achieved, while the Māori rate was 31.34 per cent (the same number of clients continued to grow, and production capacity was gradually declining to support long-term development. 2024h1, the company added more than 360 graves of the dead and more than 2200 graves of the active. 2024h1, in laboratory service operators.
On the other hand, the Ningbo 3nd Park is being used, while the construction of the Xianan and Beijing 2nd Park is continuing; in terms of large molecules and cell and gene therapy, the Ningbo 2nd Park is being used in part by the drug development and production service platform, the body of the Carlsbad, California.
Partially operational. Corporate service capacity continues to grow to support long-term stability \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Quantified risk factors: increased industry competition, declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing, policy risks, new industries
\triangleright b
Team sellers have worked for over nine years and are members of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University, who worked in clinical coro on pcc and paraexel, joined the Sinda Securities in 2021 and was in charge of the cxo industry study.
Cao Jialine, team member, Quantified Economics, 2 years of research experience in the pharmaceutical bio-industry at the University of Nakayama, and joined the Sinda Securities in 2023 for research work in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc. Zhang Jong-Tao, team member, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of China and South China, 1 year of research experience in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, cpa (professional phase)
Jo Dan, a team member, Master of Biomedical Engineering, Beijing University, two years of research experience in the innovative pharmaceutical industry, and 2024, a major component of which is not, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion presented in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.