Conlong (3759.hk/300759.ch): 2q24 performance meets expectations and income growth is expected to accelerate significantly in the second half of the year
(Yoy, -5% hoh), in favour of the high end of the previous performance forecast, the adjusted net return profit for non-ifrs is 3.1 percentage points lower for the same period of the year, due to the decline in the Cmc block ' s income on a year-on-year basis, the high price pressure of domestic competition, and the fact that the cgt block is still in the input period.
The household breakdown shows a 7.2 per cent decline in the income of the top20 pharmaceutical company over the year, and an increase in the income of other clients, by geographical distribution, is almost equal to the income of North American clients, a 10 per cent increase in the income of European clients over the year, and a 13.2 per cent decline in the income of Chinese clients over the same period.
• The 2q24 income and the adjusted net gain have increased the ring ratio: 2q24 million yuan (+0.6% yoy, +9.8% qoq) and the ring ratio has risen by almost 10%; the Non-ifrs return to their mother; the Māori ring ratio of the clinical research service plate has increased significantly.
The increase in the income link of the Clinical Research Services (CRS) and the Big Molecular Cgt Blocks (CRS) was significant, with the respective rates increasing, and the Clinical Research Services (CRS) achieving a significant increase in the MPR (+6.1% pptsqoq), while laboratory services and cmc achieved only a slight increase in MRS, followed by a sub-molecular cgt dress (+6.1%)
The Māori deficit has narrowed (by 12.7 percentage points) despite the fact that it is still in the investment period.Changes: the company has indicated a 15 per cent increase in the value of 1H24 as a whole, including a 10 per cent increase in laboratory services, a 25 per cent increase in cmc services, a 25 per cent increase in clinical units, and a 15 per cent increase in laboratory services as a whole.
The number of new service orders has increased by the same number. With the gradual recovery of overseas funding and the testing of room service plates and cmc plates signed, more will be converted into income in the second half of the year (of which cmc plates will now add two innovative pharmaceutical products commercialization projects in the current year), the company is confident.
The total market value (million yuan) is increasing. We believe that the goal still appears to be challenging, so the performance of the three-quarters report will be the main focus of the market.
• The adjusted net profit rate for the second half of the year is expected to improve further on the first half of the year: on the one hand, it is expected that the Māori rate for laboratory services will continue to stabilize at 44 per cent and that, with more orders for the second half of the year cmc plates and bedboard blocks converted into income, the Māori rate for those two plates may improve and be expected to improve.
And, of course, there are some potential Maori drag factors, including the fact that in the second half of the year the company's workforce is expected to increase by several hundred to the year-end 2000 standard.
Bed research services continue to be priced in a highly competitive market environment, and big molecules cgt are still in construction inputs, so we conservatively believe that adjusted net profit margins for the second half of the year are expected to improve over the first half of the year, but the increase is expected to be limited.
Due to the fine-tuning of income projections, a slight reduction in the Māori rate and the adjustment of non-operational projects. Maintenance of investment risk: income growth below expectations, Māori rate below expectations and net profit below expectations. Financial statement analysis and projections - conversion to Kanglong (3759.hk)
Ping-jin International, Ping-jin International, Spob-International, Pil-Ying International
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.