The new one-way growth will continue the trend of improving the ring at the end of the performance: on 27 August 2024, Kang Long turned into a semi-annual report for 2024, with the company achieving adjusted net profit of $690 million in the first half of the year, a 25.9 per cent decrease in the same quarter.
2.93 billion yuan, a 0.6 per cent increase in the same year; net profit from maternity is 883 million yuan, a 101.6 per cent increase in the same year, after adjustment, the laboratory services remain robust and the cmc bill has been significantly increased. 1) The income from laboratory services for the first half of the year was 3,371 million yuan, a 0.3 per cent decrease in the same year, and the ring has been warm and improved since 23q4.
This represents an increase of 10 per cent + and participation in 666 drug discovery projects, a 2.5 per cent increase in the same year. In 2024, Ningbo III, part of the park, was partially operational, and the drug safety evaluation laboratory was certified by the State glp in July. 2) The small fraction cdmo earned 1,176 million yuan in the first half of the year, a 6.0 per cent decrease in the same year, of which about 78 per cent came from revenues.
In the first half of the year, cdmo signed a new bill that increased by more than 25%, the number of innovative drug projects during the process validation and commercialization phase increased by the same amount, more orders are expected to be delivered from q3, and two client formulation products have been made available to obtain nmpa approval to market and make a breakthrough in the commercialization of innovative drugs.
The number of clinical research projects continues to grow, the Māori ring ratio improves, and big molecules and cgt operations are still active \triangleright
1 1) The first half of the clinical research business earned $843 million, an increase of 4.7% over the same year, and the Maori rate was pressured by changes in the order structure and intense competition in the market, with a 15.4% increase in the q2 ratio and a significant increase in the ring ratio. The company now has 1,112 and 1500+ clinical coro and smo operations, respectively, continuously upgrading the Conlong Clinic.
q1 newly signed single year-on-year growth of more than 20 per cent, downstream innovation division provides process development services at the ind stage for client innovation dual resistance projects and undertakes multiple cgt tests,
In terms of capacity building, Ningbo Park II has been partially operational in the first half of this year.
In the first half of the year, the company signed a new year-on-year ratio of \triangleright to \triangleright.
3. Conlong was transformed into an in-depth report (300759.sz) reporting: platform-type internationalization of cxo, 65 per cent sustained expansion of new operations; European client income increased by 10.0 per cent, or 17 per cent, compared to 13.2 per cent in China.
Based on the trend towards new single heaters, companies maintain their annual income growth of more than 10 per cent, new laboratories sign orders from q2 onwards to income, and cdmo ' s income is expected to reach the ring in the second half of the year compared to the first half Investment proposal: Conlong is transformed into a full-process, integrated, international cxo service platform, rich item
The line of authority will drive business growth. We expect the company to achieve business income from 2024 to 2026 \triangleright's methodological and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the report independently and objectively and be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.