The stock holdings (002352.sz) were evaluated: the volume continued to increase, of which 1.46 billion, or +31.77 per cent, of the business volume of the fast-moving logistics.The volume and income of the company continued to grow at a high rate, with the company moving fast in June, according to the company operations brief.
(b) In the second quarter, companies achieved 4,272 million votes, compared to +31.20 per cent, exceeding the growth rate of industry 13.9 pc, single ticket revenue of $13.42, corresponding to -13.73 per cent, and fast-moving logistics revenue of 57,346 million.
Since 2025, the company's business has grown at a month-by-month rate, with significant volume growth winning the industry in January-March, opening up a new business scene; second, it has benefited from the company's optimization of line operations, forecasting the performance of lines through big data analysis, introducing preferential prices for lower-loading lines, thereby taking advantage of the space.
The resources in the warehouse increase the overall capacity utilization; three of them benefit from state-backed policies that stimulate high-tech consumption, etc., to support the company’s high-end growth rate. Economic growth is robust, with higher profitability, and value increases for the company.
The statute of limitations operation has grown steadily and the new business has continued to be profitable: it is a profit base, it is a straight business, it is a network of air networks and end-of-service multi-dimensional construction of deep barriers, it has come into operation with the Axis irradiator hub, it has become more expensive, it has more room for the bill of limitations, and it has more than enough room for profit. The new business aspect: (a) the economy has returned to a focus camp.
After the gradual clean-up of the preferential franchise and the unwinding of the loss-and-loss net in June 23 23rd year, the main hit was the "Embrands fast" direct system product, which is expected to accelerate business improvements under product structure combing; (b) fast or accelerated transport (002352.sz): the proposed sale of the h share and
(c) With regard to the immediate distribution division of the city, the company is optimized, refined, managed and technologically driven through a business structure;
Quarterly report (002352.sz) on construction of fixed assets, intangibles and other long-term assets
Review: Be business-resilient, with robust profit growth, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company's successful transition of integrated logistics runners has diversified beyond the continuous consolidation of real Express Basics.
Emerging industries such as fast, cold and pharmaceutical transport, combing, supply chains and international, new businesses have emerged as market leaders and profit-making from multi-dimensional operations such as network accommodation, business structure optimization, improved revenue steady ups and higher profit margins, profits and valuations are expected to double.
Risk factors: less time frame requirements than anticipated; new business improvements than expected; excess capacity to deliver \triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., have served as external rating in several provinces
In 2023, she joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc. In 2024, she joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the courier, logistics, road, etc. The components have not been, have not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.