Co-development of core business, long-term investment value demonstrated 30 August 2025 HSBC (002352.sz)
In 2025, h1, the company achieved business income of $146,858 million, i.e. +9.26 per cent, the net return to the mother of $5,738 million, i.e. +19.37 per cent, and the lower of $1 billion, i.e. +25.7 per cent, mainly as a result of its continuous refinement of the product matrix and the strengthening of the competitiveness of its services.
Lo Jiangnan has gradually infiltrated the end-to-end logistics landscape of domestic producers in the area of manufacturing and consumer consumption, thus pushing for a steady expansion in the scale of operations.
Time distribution operations: high performance growth, technological efficiency gains. Companies have achieved $5,493 million in match-to-city matching operations. This compares to +38.86 per cent in terms of capacity-building and flexibilities to promote re-upgrading of networks; the number of orders for instantaneous distribution services with the city has increased by more than 50 per cent on the same basis, as a result of the network size effect; and
Quality service-driven businesses and consumers grow in both directions, balance business structures, and use technology as a tool to strengthen their capacity to fine-tune the operating chassis to achieve efficiency gains, thus continuing to triple the net profits of the immediate distribution division of the same city. (4) Supply chains and international operations: to become new engines and show deep outreach capabilities.
Supply chain and international operations generated $34,234 million, or +9.74 per cent. At the aviation hub dimensions, the company's focus is on China's business growth and branding trends, building an international “air transit” model around the Ozhou cargo hub, further improving the efficiency of internal and external logistics connectivity.
New York, to date, the hub has accumulated 19 international routes. At the business model dimensions, companies combine “wide coverage” with “deep penetration” features to create differentiated competitiveness in high-value industries.
At that time, more than 2.5 million square metres of offshore warehouse space operated off-shore to provide the basis for business growth.5) Other non-logistics operations: revenue of 3,327 million yuan, compared with 20.81%. Companies are permanently tied to core talent to show confidence in future development.
Equity shares. In the current economic climate, a two-way drive for smooth growth with employees would not only promote firm growth in the long run, but also confidence in China’s economy.
In the same day, the company disclosed the bonus scheme, sending out the company’s long-term pay-back commitment to shareholders. The company’s announcement that it intended to send a mid-term cash dividend to the people for every 10 shares. The first half of the year was attributed to 40 per cent of the net profits of shareholders in listed companies, up from the same period last year’s share of the dividends.
The increase in red money reflects both the strong cash flow of companies and the sound financial structure of their operations, as well as the confidence of management in future business advancement, and the continued practice of “uplifting long-term shareholders.” Without the expected risks, the risk of increased competition in the Express Market, and the inability of the Ostate hub to raise the expected wind.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.