In mid-2025, HS Holdings (002352.sz) reported robust growth in performance, with profits and cash flows still undervalued, and led to robust growth in corporate incomes, of which $10.93 billion was generated by fast-moving logistics operations.
This is 34.2 billion yuan, or +9.7 per cent, from supply chain and international operations, mainly to 778 million yuan (590 million yuan after tax) from the transfer of three wholly-owned subsidiaries of the property-holding industry to the Southern Combine Logistics Reit.
In the case of the fast-moving basics, the instant-distribution division with the same city doubled net profits (1) and the large-scale segment, the 25h1 segment had a net profit of $5.385 billion, an increase of 12.28 per cent over the same period, largely as a result of the rapid growth in the size of the company ' s operations, while deepening its lean management and achieving single-ticket operating costs.
And the cost rate is falling. We expect that the net profit of Division 25H1 will increase significantly by $137 million, compared to the profit-making capacity of the Divisions, such as the Australasia hub, the quality of economic business services, and the expansion of profits after the big business is in place, or the continuation of the Goose 2) with the City's immediate distribution of the Divisions.
120.43 per cent, mainly as a result of rapid business growth driven by increased demand in the immediate distribution sector, while the expansion of the benefits of the network led to a sustained increase in profitability and a doubling of net profits of the segment.
Internal operations have grown steadily, and international operations have opened up space. 3) On the supply chain and international segment, 25h1 has lost $296 million net, representing a decrease over the same period last year.
48.47 per cent of this, after excluding the impact of the losses of kex, an overseas subsidiary, of $430 million, and the interest charges associated with the acquisition and purchase of kln, the net profit of the supply chain and the international branch of $25h1 was $430 million.
Medium-term and special dividends, based on company value, 12,937 million yuan net operating cash flow from company 25h1, corresponding to 5.72 million yuan, purchase of fixed assets, no credit securities, Inc.
In 2025, the company expected a medium-term cash share of $2.32 billion in cash.
\triangleright \triangleright
The president of the company, Mr. Wang Wei, has proposed the establishment of a “Growing Together” equity holding scheme and has committed to donating to this scheme, for a further nine years, free of charge, the shares of the stock holding part of the stock holding by the company's controlling shareholder, Mingde, a share in the stock holding, through the creation of a “Sharing of Benefits, Shared Risk” partnership mechanism.
The transformation of corporate “managers” into “partnerships” will be effectively promoted and promoted, further enhancing the cohesion and motivation of workers and enhancing the company’s long-term competitiveness.
\triangleright Risk factor: less than expected requirement for statute of limitations; less than expected improvement in new business; over-programming of production capacity \triangleright
In the major areas of transport such as transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, several provinces submitted external assessments. In 2023, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for aviation, airports, etc. In 2024, they joined the Sunda industry, mainly for couriers, logistics, roads, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.