Topper Group (601689.sh) executives have increased confidence in business, and the end and robotic business bring certainty and growth in performance.
On the night of December 21st, the Topper Group issued an announcement that the Deputy Chairman of the Topper Group, Mr. Yoon-yun, had joined up on December 21 through a centralized competitive trading system.
On 13 December, the Takupo Group, through an official consultation with the public, published the relevant recruitment information on the ECM. Since November 2023, the company has been on land.
In addition, according to the company’s official public, Takuping closed-air suspensions, smart brake systems ibs, and electric-recording adjustments are shifting to the pipeline to a continuous production line. The country’s car view is that the company’s co-activists, Mr. Xiao Yu, are year after year to build up the company’s stock, and that the executives and the firm’s interests are deeply tied.
It also highlights confidence in the company’s subsequent business development and its recognition of its long-term growth value, while encouraging investors’ confidence in the company and its stability in the long term. The company’s recent line control, air hangers, power poles, etc., are being produced in bulk, the x-y-z line control chassis system is being improved, and the support company’s auto electronics are entering the release cycle. In addition, the company has recently issued a series of recommendations to pump valve research and development centres.
The Ministry of Electricity Promotion, the Smart Topskin Research and Development Centre, and the Technology Control and Seismograph are expected to continue to build on the company’s multi-dimensional capabilities of research and development, design, production, etc. The potential benefits of the company’s air hang-outs, heat management systems, interior and interior accoutrements are expected to be realized. We keep an eye on the Topper Group’s product expansion, client breakthroughs, performance certainty and growth, maintaining profitability projections, and are expected to return to the mother after 23/24/25 years.
The top executives actively increased their shares to show confidence in business development, and the Deputy Chairman of the Topper Group, Mr. Jinyuki, was the son of the company's de facto controller, and was a co-actor of Mr. Tokiki, through a centralized competitive trading system that combined increased the company's shares by 13.542 million shares (0.12 per cent of the total shares) at an average price of $99 million.
The depth of the benefits is tied and the firm’s confidence in subsequent business development and recognition of the value of long-term growth is highlighted, while this increase is conducive to boosting investors’ confidence in the company and contributing to its stable long-term development.
Air hangars: In November 2023, the country’s first autonomous closed air hangar system (c-ecas) was established and officially produced offline. Eight fixed-point projects are currently under way, with production expected to continue at 04 in 2023, and production is expected to exceed 400,000 later. In 2021, Tupou moved into the air hangar area, with the main supply of the total.
In conjunction with years of experience in rubber, vacuum pumps, the company has been rapidly developing an airborne system project for 21 years, including integrated gas units, air springs, high sensors, etc., with integrated design, research and development, and integrated manufacturing capabilities in the airborne area. Line control: Topper Line Control, official output of dynamic products in November. Topibs digital plant has smt, escu assembly, sensors assembly, etc.
Advanced manufacturing facilities such as electromagnetic valve assembly, total automated assembly, smart storage, etc., can produce 300,000 vehicle ibs products per year, for the purpose of line control control systems, using fully decomposing braking techniques. The structure is highly integrated in ibs 2.0, optimizing the brake main cylinders and electromagnetic valves. ibs 2.0 reconfigures hydraulic tubes, making the layout simpler, requiring fewer parts to assemble, and achieving smaller, lighter and more economical product objectives.
Figure 3: Top Group ibs products, Figure 4: ibs smart brake system amsim systems i.e., contour poles: in November, the topup electrical modem turned to the lower line of the tubes (easc), leading to autonomous research and development of hardware and software, and to the design, validation, and development of the tubes.
Production of integrated manufacturing support services; nine projects have been targeted to achieve an annual order volume of 600,000. x-y-z line control chassis contributes to growth and is expected to accelerate the start of automobile electronics operations in 2024. The 23h1 Tuppet motor electronics business collects 0.8 billion yuan, corresponding to 10.2 per cent, and is expected to be relatively small, mainly due to the relatively weak growth of electronic vacuum pump products.
Corporate air hangars (eight project fixes) + line controls (six project fixes) + call tube poles (nine project fixes) + follow-up potential new fixes, where the company ' s auto electronics business is expected to enter an accelerated growth path.
Since November, the Tupou Group has been working on recruiting for pump valves, power-drives, smart surfaces, earthquake-resilient devices, and so on.
The company focuses on the development, design, production, cooperative capabilities of core components, and anticipates the potential benefits of potentially related operations such as suspense, heat management systems, interior and interior accessories, robots, etc., so as to sustain long-term competitiveness. A clear structure, a focus on talent, and a firm development strategy for research and development.
1) The annual R & D ratio is about 5%; 2) R & D centers have been set up in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc., with over 200 Masters and Ph.D. teams comprising nearly 2,000 people; 3) Experimental centers have been set up with material, product, system and whole-of-car testing and validation capabilities, with more auto-scale experiments having been completed by the Iso/iec 17025 certification of cnas.
In July 2023, after strategic analysis and decision-making by the company, it was decided to split up the Ministry of Robotics, establish an independent management structure, deploy teams of excellence, and consolidate the advantages, thereby creating adequate conditions for the rapid development of the business.
Figure 10: Topu R & D personnel are leading comparable companies
In the case of ibs, ibs are a highly integrated safety system that integrates multidisciplinary elements such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, etc., in a rapidly changing automobile market environment: 1) longitudinal iterative products:
ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo:2) Horizontal extension of product lines: capacity expansion based on power control, software, manufacturing, chassis, etc. Wire-controlled turn-over systems (electrically powered transfer systems, active back-to-back system, contour poles, etc.), heat management system pump valves, air-vacant integrated charge and control units, smart cabin products, robot implementers, etc., provide the basis for companies to maintain rapid growth.
The Global Production Expansion Facility is a long-term competitiveness, plus-intelligent manufacturing and multi-facilities. Companies 1) have built bases around major domestic automobile clusters in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wuhan, Anhui, etc.; 2) overseas to serve international clients, manufacturing factories or storage centres have been set up in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, etc., and Polish factories have been opened.
In December of 2002, Tupou launched a non-public development fund-raising scheme for a total of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion in light-quantized chassis + interior interior + heat management + smart driving, among other things.
Objective. It is expected that this raise in overall operating efficiency will: 1) fill the capacity gap and upgrade the capacity to receive bills; 2) optimize the capital structure to reduce financial costs and risks and enhance sustainability; 3) enhance profitability (the output of the current round of fund-raising inputs is more than 1.5, with a marked increase in the two previous rounds), 4) upgrade technology capabilities and continue to develop four-fold manifestations of linear shift and overhang capabilities. At the same time, companies are actively pushing forward.
Development of digital plants, implementation of mes management systems, effective management of quality control, product traceability, sophisticated production, equipment management, promotion of company-to-customer data connectivity, construction of industrial 4.0 smart plants. Figure 14: Topper Group global distribution capacity, R & D centres, marketing centres, etc.
Core logic: The high-quality client structure of the end of the vehicle and the products of continuous release, with the certainty of performance in 2024. Looking ahead in 2024, we believe that the core focus of the Topall Group is on the certainty of end-of-cycle operations brought about by the high-quality customer matrix plus modularised supply capabilities, the steady decline of global capacity and the advancement of potential robotic operations.
1) The base end of the vehicle: the platform-based strategy +tier 0.5 model continued to move forward, with high-quality customers such as North American clients, Gilly, Biadi, Wah, Ideas, Ford, Wire and Mi in 2024, while new products (vacant, cabin, wire control, wire-tube poles) were added to the ground in 2024, with a high degree of certainty about the growth of Takupu’s performance in 2024. At the same time, Takupi achieved near supply around the customer’s construction plant: Poland, Mexico and the U.S. and U.S. customers.
In November 2023, the Tuppo plant produced an official output of 500,000 units per year, while Mexico’s industrial parks and factories in the United States advanced in an orderly manner. Topp’s overseas factories are now deployed in Europe, North America, South America, and elsewhere.
In South-East Asia, which covers a wide range of products such as heat management, chassis, shock mitigation, and accessories, the capacity of order-taking is constantly being strained, and the ability to secure escorts for the long-term development of new operations is being enhanced: Tupou has developed robotic straight lines and rotation executors (along with his ibs technology) and has repeatedly sent samples to clients for recognition and appreciation. A robotics department has been set up to consolidate the advantages and create adequate conditions for robotic operations.
The investment proposal: Tesla’s core product chain, which maintains the “buy-in” rating, suggests that the Tupou Group’s recent production of wire control, air suspensions, wire-tube poles, etc.
The X-y-z line control chassis system has been gradually improved, and assistive companies have entered the e-commerce cycle; on the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for pump valve research and development centres, power-driven industries, smart surfaces research and development centres, electro-shock-controllers, and the ability to develop, design, produce, collaborate on and anticipate potential benefits from the company's air suspensions, heat management systems, robots, etc.
For comparable companies, take into account the firm's firm-end ownership certainty and the 16.4 per cent - 24.1 per cent valuation space remaining relative to the current situation, taking into account the three-channel control that is also a core Tesla supplier, as well as the electronic car provider Desaiwaye, which has a similar market value level, the control of motion and light-quantized chassis, as comparable companies, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject