Automobile Parts and Components Top Group: We're the core suppliers to the world of questions, and we're driving the new growth through the company's full-blown line of questions, and the new line of questions is the one that's out of sight.
Improved performance of Helping Companies: Tupou is the core supplier of the question world, with a maximum vehicle value of nearly $20,000 for spare parts such as a side rack, heat management, and a light-quantified chassis for the series m5, m7, m9 series. On 12 September, 2024 questions m7 were officially marketed with a total of 5 cars.
The start-up price was $40,000 below the price of the old market m7, the advanced performance of the new car in smart and cabins, and the extremely high value-for-product behaviour, and the overperformance of the order after listing, which was set to break 56,000 by 7 October, is expected to boost the company’s performance.
Question m9 is currently expected to be officially marketed in 2023q4 and promising companies are expected to perform on a new step: question m9 is open, with an incremental version expected to be sold at a price of between 500,000 and 600,000 gross equity/distribution (million shares)
We expect the company to match m9.
An empty set, heat management, integrated casting, aluminum alloy staircases, and chassis are expected to lead to a multi-symmetrical in-depth collaboration with Top, driving companies to extend to diverse businesses and customers.
The cut-off is a series of cars, with a new growth curve opening up: Top's Brightness - 2023/08/28 The Group, as a tier 0.5 platform, is able to shorten the car-making cycle and complement China's strengths.
Topper Group (601689) The Topper Group: leading the company into a series of cars in China. We expect the year 2023-2025 to be a series of territorial waters, moving to the world, opening up multiple rounds of outlook.
The number of vehicles sold was 9.9, 38.6 and 522,000, corresponding to the same period of income, which contributed to 6.75 and the second growth curve. The company robotic implementer business was moving faster, and the robots needed dozens of implementers to simulate the human movement, worth tens of thousands of yuan per person, and the market space was huge.
Tupou Group: Chinese core suppliers, new growth driven by vehicle-based emissions Profit projections and financial indicators: Tupou Group: Chinese core suppliers, new growth driven by vehicle-based emissions
According to Topper Information Public, on August 2, 2022, the Topper Group's Chongqing Ji factory (and the Fifth Aluminium Trailing Plant), which is located in the Xing Phong High Estate in Chongqing City, began construction on August 2nd, 2022.
In the first phase of the project, 180 acres of land and an investment of about $1.5 billion will be built into a complex of intelligent plants that combines R & D, test and intelligent manufacturing, with a capacity of 1 million light-quantified chassiss (aluminium co-arcophagus) and half a million full-cam scavengers. We expect the company to have an aluminum co-arcophagus and bottom plate of the M5 series, with a single-car value of about $5,000 and an anticipated m7 aluminum set.
It is expected that the maximum value of a single vehicle will be $20,000. Figure 1 Twilight Group Chongqing Smart Plant
Chart 2 asks for estimates of the new market start-up price for the border car apparel product. The new line M7 market has been significantly reduced and looks have continued the concept of family design. On September 12th, 2024 barter m7 is officially on the market, new cars are offered in six and five versions, with a total of 5 models, with sales between $24.98 and $329.8 million, compared to the current line m7.
The new car is sold at a lower price of $40,000. On the surface of the car, ask m7 for a continuous family-style design concept, a stable atmosphere and a sense of no loss of movement; the air-engineing grid at the front of the cap appears to be much longer and to be compatible with a full-leed headlight set on both sides, with a cross-sectional light belt corresponding to a day-time traffic light, with a very stressful performance; and the direction point on both sides of the fog-light zone, with a vertical decorative strip, looks more concrete;
The staircase in the middle of the bar uses six banners, which not only provide radiating guarantees, but also increase the overall horizontal vision. The new paragraph 3 asks m7 for sales, the new m7 for sale, and the new m7 for sale is simple, and the interior of the car is home-friendly. The new page 7 for cash cars as a whole.
An extremely simple interior design style, the whole car is mainly adapted to the color of the steering wheel, the color of which remains the same as the color of the subject matter in the car, and the presence of elements such as a wooden board gives the car a warmer internal atmosphere. Like many new energy products, the physical buttons in the field in the m7 are scarce, and most of the functions are integrated into 10.25 inches of the whole liquid crystal dashboard and
15.6 inches of control displays inside the screen. After the refinancing, the new car was equipped with a Quantified Smart Airspace 3.0, a new additional screen security, and additional features such as super desktops.
Figure 6 New paragraph m7 blocks the new line m7 with excellent power and brightness. Question area m7 engine volume 1.5t, with a maximum power of 112kw, with the largest twisting power of 216n m, with a two-drive power of 200kw, a four-wheel drive with a total power of 330kw, and a two-drill pure electrical renewal.
Flight 240km, four-drive pure electrical renewal 210km. In the performance of the smart cabin, ask New Line 7 for a Hong-brain smart cabin, such as a completely new super-desk function that allows mobile phones to use a seamless vehicle, a more intelligent and rated space audio assistant, a sound-breathing sound, a maglink-breathing interface, and a "all-house" message line 7 for "all-house."
Smart-level "mobile car-type experience. Ask New m7 smart-drives for a huawaeiads 2.0-senior smart-drive system. A full-scale and all-weather viewing of dynamic static targets (including alien objects) can be achieved with a single high-intensity light radar, 3 mm wave radars, 11 high-resolution visual perceptive cameras and 12 ultrasound radars.
Chart 7 asks for a new smart setup in the company's 7th car, and a new order continues to grow, and the company is expected to continue to benefit. On October 13, China became the Managing Director, the terminal bgceo, and the chairman of the smart car solution, Yingtung, said during the interview with the company's Cyrus factory, that 60000 cars had been created in the month that the company's 7 M had been on the market.
We expect the company to continue to benefit from the growth of M7 orders in the new interrogatorium.
On September 25th, at the season-wide launch of the Wall for the season, the Cyrus and Wall for the Aito family, which they jointly designed, showed up in a group of three cars.
The official says that the detailed configuration is yet to be published. According to the two official maps that are currently published, the new large suv inquiry line m9 under the brand name aito is now open for sale, with an expected sales price of $500,000-600,000 for the extension version and a projected sales price of $500,000-600,000 for the pure electric version.
Using a hidden design for your hands increases the technological sense of the whole car. The new car uses six layouts, which allow for the physical use of a 100-seat mode of 3, 4, 5 and 6 seats in different use environments, giving users a powerful spatial flexibility.
The vehicle has been declared a list of 5230/1999/1800 mm long and has an axle range of 3110 mm long. The face-shaped rounding was used before m9 and the front and tail lamps were designed in a cross-cutting light belt design. The front grid was made of ladders, the top of the car was also equipped with laser radar, and the front wing plate had cameras, and the vehicle was expected to support high-level driving support functions.
The choice of a double-coloured body is provided, with a 21-inch wheelbone with a tyre specification of 265/45r21 and 285/45r21 depending on the configuration of the two specifications. On the power side, according to car focus reports, Question m9 will provide both incremental and pure power forms, with a full-scale four-drive system. Of these, a pure electric model has a peak capacity of 160kw (former), 230kw (post) and a rated capacity of 62kw (former), 88kw (post).
The maximum speed is 200 km/h and the battery type is a three-dollar lithium ion battery produced by Jiangsu Age New Energy Technology Ltd., with a 100-km electric power consumption of 17.4kwh/100km under a Hawaidriveone power-driven smart platform. Chart 13 asks m9 for full-size mpv.
Figure 14 asks World 9 for two options for energy allocation, the incremental version (expected 500,000-600,000) and the product is expected to be on the market for 23 years q4 and the configuration is to be announced.
The product is expected to be on the market for 23 years q4 (estimated to be 500,000-600,000) and will be configured for publication.
In addition to regular voice interaction, online navigation, and Ota upgrades, China's mobile phone and vehicle wireless screens, navigation sharing, etc. are also important bright spots. Information shows that the ar-hud on board the new car will have an area of space.
75 inches. In terms of smart function, Quest 9 will carry the Hung Men 4.0 flight system, the ads high autopilot support system, and the inside and copilot will have a stand-alone screen, and the back row will also provide laser projectors.
We expect the company to increase its performance by asking the community for a couple of mils or 20,000 dollars. The Topper Group has signed a strategic agreement with the Topper Group, and we expect the company to ask the community for products such as aluminium alloys, chassis, heat management, etc., in order to ask the community for a couple of mils, heat management, integrated castings, aluminium alloys and chassis, we expect to have a single-car stock of up to two.
Ten thousand dollars, asking the world where m9 is listed is expected to contribute to the growth of the company’s performance.
The Topper Group is deeply tied to Tesla, and Tsla’s growth becomes the first curve in corporate growth. On August 24, 2016, the Topper Group issued a communiqué stating that the company had received a protocol of supply points signed by Tesla in the United States on August 23, 2016, stating that the company was accredited to supply Tesla with its products.
Delivery, the first national product, Modely in 2020. During this period, the Tupou Group ' s package in Tesla was enriched from the initial aluminium exercise arm to a shock absorber, light-quantified chassis, interior features, etc. The thermal management system that was extended from auto electronics in 2021 also entered the Tesla chain. 2021q1 Tsla global sales were 18.4 million and 2023q3 Tsla global sales reached a high level.
By 43.51 million, the rapid growth of Tesla sales has become the company’s first growth curve. The Top Group, as the Tier 0.5 platform, has developed a good complementary gene with cross-border car-making, which has shortened the cycle of car-making and complementarities with companies such as Hua.
It is primarily responsible for the precise positioning and prototype design of the product, and then it is possible to bring together the partners to complete the product-specific design. For speed, the design is designed using a “three-time” approach, using virtual simulation techniques that allow simultaneous design, quality control, and logistics design.
This will result in a significant reduction in the research and development cycle and the production cycle, and a significant reduction in car-building time, leading to a full series of "fast-fish-eating slow-fish" cars, with an increase in the performance of the company at full cost. The Topper Group has a strategic agreement with the community of inquiry, and the company is expected to match the product with the "m5" series of aluminium alloy staircases, chassis, heat management, etc.
An aluminum alloy staircase and a base plate, worth about $5,000 per vehicle, is expected to be worth more than $8,000 for a series of m7 aluminium staircases and chassis and heat management products. We expect the company to have a single stubble, heat management, integrated casting, aluminium alloy stubs and chassis for the m9.
We expect $675, 30.34 and $4.08 billion for 2023-2025 for the series of cars. Top Group: China is the core provider of the world of questions, and Tup Group: China is the core provider of the world of questions, and the size of the world is the driving force of the new growth.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.