In the first half of the year, the performance was reversed, waiting for the recovery of the industry: on August 29, 2025, the Eastern Rainbow released its semi-annual report for 2025, the Eastern Rainbow (000301)
In the first half of the year, the company experienced a loss, a marked improvement in refining, and pressure on the optics and chemical panels. At this end, the international oil prices as a whole in the first half of the 2025s showed a downward swing, largely influenced by the expected demand for an over-expected increase in the value of the United States tariff policy, although in June it was in Iraq.
The conflict pushed up international oil prices, but the geo-prime premium weakened after the ceasefire, and the price of oil collapsed. In the first half of 2025, the average price of Brent was $71 per barrel, a 15 per cent decline in the same year. In the first half of the year, corporate profits on refined oil products improved, but chemical and fibre-optic products suffered from weak supply and demand, as well as raw materials.
In the first half of the year, the company refined oil products, other petrochemicals and chemicals in the first half of the year.
Tens of thousands of tons of capacity and 900,000 tons of total capacity have further expanded the company ' s new energy sources, new materials industry matrix. Overall, the firm ' s capital expenditure has been relatively slow in the first half of the year, and the company is moving towards a cost-recovery phase.
In the era of stock competition in the refining sector, firms still have high upward elasticities in their performance. According to the Commission’s policy, the country’s primary crude oil processing capacity was controlled at 1 billion tons in 2025.
Re-emphasize the need to accelerate the phase-out of inefficient and backward production in industries such as refining oil, and the recent intense centralization of the “reverse-in-the-roll” signal, the recombination of taxes to further compress or push down the ground lifespace, which could accelerate the exit.
The start-up load continues to drop, and the rate is currently around 50%. From the point of view of the evolution of the refining supply pattern, there is a moderate negative growth in refining performance, based on our findings from the mid-term strategy report in 2025.
There are currently the largest single-body normal pressure-relief devices in the country, and the low rate of harvest of the project's finished oil can provide a rich source of material for the downstream chemical industry.
Core products such as eva, acetylene, are among the leading products in the country, with the empirical advantages of successfully operating the cindasecuritiesco., ltd ACCP project, where better synergy can be achieved in refining + new materials operations.
In Beijing, Beijing's west-city district, the Golden House B, No. 127 West Avenue, is expected to bring about a higher degree of performance elasticity during the period of improvement of the industry's climate.
ester fibres are profitable than expected; there is a risk of excess refining capacity; Dr. Zhok Ming, China Mining University (Beijing), registered consulting (investment) engineer, member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, member of the China International Industrial & Minerals Advisory Corporation (CIETAC) expert bank, member of the China Price Association's coal price ad hoc committee and former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (head)
Over a decade of research and advisory services in the coal and energy-related fields, over a period of more than a decade, under the auspices of the “13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Programme”, the revision of industrial technology policy and enterprise-related advice, and in June 2016, under the auspices of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector, are now the head of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Hong Guang, head of the Xinda energy petrochemical plate, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, member of the China Environmental Science Council ' s carbon peak carbon middle and professional committee, research on energy transformation, carbon neutralization, petrochemical industry development, etc., led studies on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and participated in policy papers related to the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in national ministries and departments
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Finance, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest. In July 2022, he joined the Shuda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.