The Chinese aluminium industry (601,600) has non-ferrous metals and is the leader of high-quality products, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: The company issued its semi-annual report in 2018, which generated business income of $82.06 billion in the first half of the year, reduced overall revenue from the same year-on-year decline in trading plate operations and increased the value of the main plate operations. (1) The company's primary activity in the first half of the year was to reduce the volume of money spent and the profit margins from trading plate operations, resulting in a similar decline in the volume of the trade plate.
In the first half of the year, the company sold aluminum and aluminum and aluminium, respectively, by 7.06 per cent and 4.21 per cent, respectively, of the same year. The accounting adjustment resulted in a significant decrease in the net profit from deductions. The main reasons for the lower net profit from deductions in the first half of the year were: (1)
The price of raw materials is higher than the price of the product. (2) Adjustments in accounting calibres. For example, the company’s profits from the first half of the year’s hedging were approximately $100 million, and the project was classified as non-recurrent gains and losses. (3) The R & D costs of the first half of the year were $136 million, an increase of $107 million over last year’s.
● High-end product, higher value-added product-support company profits increase. Corporate positioning product high-end transformation, plus major R & D inputs, has had an effect. The company produced 1.53 million tons of fine aluminium oxide in the first half of the year, an increase of 13.33%. Of this, the package aluminium industry is now able to produce high-quality aluminium oxide as an alternative to imports, compared to earlier imports.
Aluminium oxide prices fell by $1,500 per ton, significantly reducing the cost of producing the original aluminium. Long-term interest in the company’s development of aluminium oxide and electrolytic aluminium plates. According to Anteco data, China’s supply and demand were tightly balanced in 2018 by tons of Chinese oxygen.
There will be a gap in the supply of disabling aluminium, which will push it up. Moreover, with the reform of the national electricity system and the implementation of a legal compliance policy for electricity generation, the long-standing disadvantage of Chinese aluminium in terms of electricity costs will be gradually reduced.
During the offensive period, the best-for-all (2017-09-01) 1 company profile: the leading business in the transition to high-value-added products, a leading business in the non-ferrous metals industry in China, combined power is at the forefront of the global aluminium industry and currently Chinese aluminium.
The industry is the only large-scale production business that combines the exploration and exploitation of resources such as bauxite, coal, aluminium oxide, raw aluminium and aluminium alloy products, production, marketing, technology development, international trade, logistics industry, firepower and new energy sources. The company has built a business chain model based on aluminium, earth ore, aluminium oxide, and electrolytic aluminium products, covering mineral exploration, resource extraction, and mining.
Aluminium smelting, electrolytic aluminium production, development and promotion of high-technology technologies, international trade, circulation services, energy power, etc., have gradually shifted in recent years to higher-value-added products. In the first half of 2018, the company produced 1.53 million tons of aluminium, an increase of 13.33%. The alumina industry has now begun to produce high-quality aluminium oxide, electrolysis.
Aluminium. Of this, a high-quality aluminium oxide has been partially replaced by imports. 2 Company performance: a reversal of profit and a steady increase in the firm ' s performance in 2014 was significantly reduced and the performance deficit was due mainly to the group ' s part of the long-term assets of the aluminium oxide plate
The company’s business performance improved over the next three years, and the three largest segments of the company’s income ranged from trade, to aluminium and aluminium oxide. Among these, the aluminum and aluminium oxide were the highest rates of Maori for aluminium oxide.
Aluminium oxide plates had a Māori rate of 17.51 per cent in 2017.3 Performance analysis for the first half of the year: volume increases, leading to high-quality products.3 Trade plate operations reduced overall revenue delays, and major plate operations increased substantially. 1 company took the initiative to reduce funds in the first half of the year.
High-volume and low-profit trading plate operations resulted in a 16.9 per cent decline in the same year in the volume of trade plate revenue, but the profit from the trading plate was almost the same as last year.2 The company ' s main business block, aluminium oxide, and its original aluminium volume, increased by 1.56 per cent in the first half of the year, while its own export of aluminium oxide and original aluminium prices increased by 7.06 per cent and 4.21 per cent, respectively, and its external sales increased by 1.56 per cent and 1.56 per cent in the first half of the year.
(2) Accounting adjustments result in a significant decrease in net profit deductions. The main reason for the lower non-net profit deductions in the first half of the year was: (a) higher prices for raw materials were greater than those for product sales. (b) Adjustments in accounting calibres, for example. (c) profits of approximately 100 million yuan in the company ' s first half-year hedging, which was classified as non-recurrent gains and losses. (c) The first half of the year, when three companies spent 136 million yuan on R & D costs, were reversed.
This is an increase of $107 million a year. (3) high-end products, with higher value-added products contributing to higher profits. The company’s high-end transformation of positioning products, with increased R & D inputs, has had an effect. The company produced 1.53 million tons of fine aluminium oxide in the first half of the year, an increase of 13.33%.
The aluminum industry is now able to produce high-quality aluminium oxide as an alternative to imports, a decrease of $1,500 per ton in the price of imported aluminium oxide compared to the previous period, significantly reducing the cost of producing the original aluminium, the company ' s three main business plates being trade, original aluminium and aluminium oxide, respectively.
Assumption 1: Benefiting from a high end product transformation, the Maori rate of the original aluminium plate increased from 2018 to 2020 to 7.0%, respectively, and scenario 3: Other operations cover research and development and other activities at headquarters and other related aluminium operations in the group. Assuming that the acceleration has not been, has not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, compensated for the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.