Aluminium oxide is a special feature in the second half of the year - the Chinese aluminium industry reported a semi-annual review in 2018.
As a result of the trade war, the prices of the original aluminium were generally lower, but the average price increased by about 5 per cent over the same period, while the company ' s production of the original aluminium increased by 24.10 per cent over the same period in the first half of the year, increasing the yield of the original aluminium plate by 31 per cent over the same period, and earning $199 million before tax, an increase of 226 per cent over the same period.
The impact of the same increase of 7% in the same year, as in Hedru, although production increased by only 2.8%, the production of high-quality fine aluminium oxide increased by 13.33%, and structural improvements allowed the aluminium oxide plate to continue to be unique, making a pre-tax profit of 1.915 billion yuan.
Total equity/flow (million shares) achieves a five-fold significant increase.
Ping, however, partly or as a result of the proactive downsizing of trade, the substantial reduction in revenue of nearly $13 billion led the company China's aluminium industry (601,600) to " value-seeing company reforms and non-recurring gains and losses amounting to $750 million, leading to a sharp decline of 80 per cent in net profit per year " .
Dividend realization and improved competitive patterns in the industry - of the recurrent profit/loss composition, the government subsidized $567 million, futures policy coverage $123 million and purchase of China's aluminium industry for 2017.
The benefits of long-term equity investment generated by subsidiaries are the main ones, although the net net gains are significant - 2018/03/24 - but mainly due to industrial and structural adjustments by companies, as the reforms deepen and conclude
In the second half of the year, the industry saw three major improvements in the performance of its companies: one is the delayed self-contained power plant policy, which is the focus of market attention. With the pain of regulating its own power plant, the industry’s competitive pattern will be optimized.
Speed up. Despite the slowness of the current policy, cross-subsidization at the Gilling coal-fired power plant has sent the inevitable signal that regulatory companies such as Central and Aluminium are still looking forward to future waves of sand. Second, there is a shortage of expectations, followed by sanctions on Russian aluminium for the first half of the year, Hyde.
Following the shutdown of the Lu Oxygen plant, the current strike on aluminium will continue to strain supply and demand patterns. Thirdly, as China ' s environmental policy advances, the Aluminium Oxide project may face a certain bottleneck at the local level, such as the cancellation of five aluminium Oxygen projects in Jilin.
4. Investment proposals: We see the price of aluminium oxide in the second half of the year, while the Chinese aluminium industry is the absolute leader in the area of aluminium oxide, producing more than 12 million tons, which will benefit the most. We look forward to the realization of the dividends of corporate reform and improved competitive patterns in the industry.
Watching corporate reform dividend realization and industry competition improvement - China's aluminium industry 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.