São Paulo shares (300661: product line clients double-growth, snowball-style simulators, São Paulo shares.
Year, 2017, on the start-up board, it's a simulation chip, product lines, customer size penetration, and high performance continuously validates the alternative logic of national production. Companies are expanding their products.
Revenues spread from 1000+ to 1700+. Especially since the outbreak, companies have captured global signal chain products (30.34%);
Technical services (0.03 per cent). Infiltration, a strong push for a 97 per cent increase in corporate performance in the first half of the year, and continuous validation of the alternative logic of national production. Key matters for the next three to six months: not available.
In the first half of 2021, corporate R & D fees, debt payments and cross-share presentations: Not available.
New products of fully autonomous intellectual property together form 25 broad categories of over 3,500 products available for sale. Product-based composite performance indicators have reached advanced levels internationally for similar products, with some key technological indicators leading internationally, driving the corporate Māori ratio from 39.84% in the first half of 2016 to 51.22% in the first half of 2021.
Simulation chips are powerful, and high-research and development of high-origin virtuous cycle support is taking off. Simulation chip markets are wide, downstream is highly dispersed, and excellent simulation chip companies are gaining advantage by doing full-scale, deep-product lines. Global taps, after more than 60 years of development, now form more than 80,000.
After more than 50 years of development, the sub-saadi now owns more than 30,000 products, and the second creates a strong external competitive advantage based on carrier-level product line capabilities. We look to the company as a substitute for national production, building up its client base and expanding it with excellent design capabilities and efficient R & D.
Product lines, creating a virtuous circle of high R & D and growing into an excellent simulation of corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings against international giants: we raise profit forecasts because of the higher expectations of corporate product expansion.
São da Boa Vontade (300661); product line clientele double-growth, snowball-style development simulation chip lead, source of Eastern wealth, source of Eastern wealth, source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports São Paulo shares (300661); product line customers grow double, snowball-style development simulation chip dragon Lee Mei-hyun
Chen Woo-chul, Master of Finance, Shandong University, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly worked as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group, and joined East Hing Securities for electronics research in 2019.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.