Biannual performance forecast for 2021: market expansion is steady, benefiting fully from the simulation of the ic high scenario  market expansion is advancing steadily and benefiting fully from the simulation of the market high: the company expects the 2021h1 return.
▪ Simultaneous ic product expansion and structural optimization to sustain competitive advantage: companies are rich in high-performance, high-quality simulatoric product lines and currently provide more than 1,600 model ic products in 25 major categories
Products, which meet the diverse needs of different customers, are widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, telecommunications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobile electronics, and have a strong product class advantage. Based on traditional applications, companies efficiently promote the transformation of modelic research and development results, following the market.
Demand to boost product upgrades and new product volumes, expanding the analogue ic class, now completes the development of 100 excess signal chains, such as low-power time-consuming control chips, and new power management products, increasing by about 20-30 per cent per year in the number of sales products, new applications networking, new energy sources, 5g, etc.
And the scenes are growing and the market share is increasing. The technical advantages of the company's simulations are clear in terms of efficiency, low productivity, high accuracy, small size, high reliability, product performance and quality against the world's top model chip manufacturer, some critical performance indicators are outpaced.
At the same time, the company actively optimizes its product structure, with a steady increase in the share of high-end products, effectively increasing its profitability. In the current context of increased demand for semiconductors, companies have increased their supply in addition to expanding their cooperation with existing suppliers.
Yearly Quarterly Review: Simulation of the high-ic scenario, commercial input with a view to expanding productive capacity, increasing output and easing delivery pressures, with the expectation of fully benefiting from high performance growth 2021-04-28
Continued upswing in the demand for mimics from various applications: extensive demand for beneficial applications and national production substitution, with wide scope for company growth: based on wsts performance & performance in the first quarter of 2021
Data for the global simulation of the ic market in 2021 is expected to reach $67,716 million in size, compared with growth.
The demand is very broad, and the company’s diversified product strategy can effectively match the vast market of analogic, 3 St. State shares (300661: broad demand for performance. At the same time, the company has a dominant position in power management and the local supply chain of signal chain chips.
It's clear that some of the integrated product performance indicators are at the advanced level of international products of the same kind and are expected to take the lead in the broad space of 2020-10-28.
There is much room for growth in the future, benefiting from the alternative national production process of simulationic.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect to have a securities investment advisory committee with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMS) as companies hold their products in the product class and applied market.