The semi-annual review of 2021: the beneficial simulation of the high-ic scenario, the persistence of the hysteria, the persistence of power stress, chip shortages, price increases in the circuit industry, the proliferation of end-users, the intensification of the equipment supply, and the firm's active expansion of its operations and production in the face of a strong market demand.
The volume of goods sold increased and the corresponding operating income increased. 2021q2, the company ' s Māori ratio was 53.76 per cent, by branch, $637 million for power management products, yoy+107.76 per cent, Māori ' s product structure was being optimized and the lead was being consolidated: the company was doing high performance, high quality simulations.
There are a large number of product lines in the field, and there are currently more than 3,500 analogue-ic products in 25 major categories that can meet the diverse needs of different customers, with a wide range of products being used in such areas as consumer electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments and automobile electronics, and a strong product class advantage.
On the basis of this, the company efficiently promoted the transformation of the R & D results of analogic, closely aligned with market demand, the upgrading of products and the volume of new products, the expansion of product categories, and the introduction of over 200 new products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights (IPRs), with combined performance indicators of the same kind internationally.
At the advanced level, the market share is expected to continue to rise. The company’s simulators have significant technological advantages in terms of efficiency, low productivity, high accuracy, small size, high reliability, product performance and quality against the world’s top-notch simulators, with some critical performance indicators exceeding others.
Mid-year performance forecast: The market is growing rapidly in the import category of the products at the client level, while companies are actively optimizing the products.
Structural, high-end class ratios have steadily increased, effectively increasing corporate profitability. In addition to expanding cooperation with existing suppliers, companies have increased against the backdrop of the current semiconductor high profile 2021-07-17 supply and demand stress.
Inputs from new suppliers, with a view to expanding capacity, increasing output and easing delivery pressures, are expected to benefit fully from the continued upswing in the demand for analogic from various applications.
At the same time, the company has a clear edge in the local supply chain of power-based pipelines and signal chains, and has developed and accumulated a range of tools.
In addition, companies are deep-deeping in the domestic market, judging by this forecast: simulation of the continued release of chips.
Local advantages, proximity to market demand, rapid response, customer recognition and increased brand influence, high performance growth, 2021-04-15. Market share continues to grow and is expected to benefit first from the alternative national production process of simulation.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2021-2023.