Qin Railways: In the first three quarters of the year, the net profit on cargo was doubled, and it is expected that in the first nine months of 2017, 322 million tons of cargo will be transported on the line.
This represents an increase of 33.29 per cent in the same year. 3.729 million tons of goods were transported in single month in September, an increase of 25.85 per cent in the same month, and an average of 12.563 million tons per day in September, a year-long average of almost full load.
The average daily traffic in October will be around 1.2 million tons. After October, the year-long high performance of the Great Qin line in the north has been accompanied by a major increase in road treatment and national environmental policies since November.
Motion, first of all, the excess road management has led to an increase in the cost of gas transport, the flow of goods back to the railway, and the increase in coal traffic in Qin. Second, the total ban on receiving coal from diesel trucks in ports such as Tianjin and Tangshan has led to an increase in traffic along the Qin line. According to last year ' s data, in 2016, the port of Tianjin completed coal absconding throughout the year.
With a volume of 109 million tons, the air transport port is 56 million tons, and with the support of the environmental policy, the year-round trend on the Qin line has been largely established and will continue to be maintained in 2018.
Increased and expected business performance 2017-03-27 Time frame or advance for the ban on gas and coal, and expected rail traffic in Qin.
Accommodating surcharges, limited revenue and performance.
Prices can rise by up to 10%, depending on the base price level, and the final price decisions should be made by the railways’ head office. As the process of railway mixing has continued since the first half of this year, demand for railway power has increased, and the price of coal has gradually risen, the possibility for companies to increase their prices is not ruled out.
Rail freight is still high, iron is still expected to recover. Rail freight is growing at a high rate. Between January and September of this year, the country's iron freight delivery cumulatively reached 2181.86 million tons, an increase of 13.9% from the previous year.
At the beginning of the year, 2.75 billion tons of goods were scheduled to be delivered (year-on-year + 100 million tons), which, at the first three quarters’ rate of increase, would be exceeded, and between 2.95 and 3 billion tons of cargo could be reached throughout the year. Moreover, reforms were still accelerating, and the railways reform had been launched in early September as a reform.
One of the signs is that by the end of November, the corporate governance structure of the company will have been legally constituted, that it will have been set up, that it will have been established, that it will have completed the business change register, and that it will be completed by the end of the year, and that it will have accelerated the construction of a system centred on the constitution of the company.
Combining freight heat, land development, capital injection, organizational changes, multiple benefits, and continuous observation of four-quarters of railway block market opportunities. Multiplier, with configuration advantages.
There is still the possibility of a higher than expected increase in company freight costs as a result of fluctuations in shipping prices along the Great Qin line. Moreover, against a background of accelerated railway reform, the expectations of possible changes in the Qin railway are underestimated by the market, and the demand for freight is falling and the iron transformation is not proceeding as well as expected.
The Institute’s sales team, whose authors are either qualified in securities investment consultancy or have considerable professional competence, ensures that the data used in the reports are from compliance channels.
The analytical logic is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.