Qin Railway (601006.sh)
Road and rail prices are rising for high and sustained growth, and the traditional season of coal is approaching market prices (RMK): 9.40 yuan.
On 25 October, the company's quarterly report was announced by the Qin Railway: 41,744 million yuan, an increase of 32.13 per cent over the previous three quarters; and $11,240 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase over the same period.
The coal sub-season led to a sharp rise in revenue: the Qin railway was affected by road overloads, environmental protection and so forth this year, the road coal flowed back and freight demand was fully improved; the third quarter was a summer peak in electricity use, and the demand for coal from companies increased during the year's sub-season. In the third quarter, the Qin line reached 112 million cargoes.
Tons, 34 per cent more than the same year; an average of approximately 1.22 million tons per day, close to full capacity. In terms of shipping prices, prices recovered up by 1 point per ton on 24 March of the current period until February of last year, starting with 0.5 cent per ton per ton on 1 June.
1. “More cargo costs, increased operations, increased profitability” High fixed cost ratio, increased operations, increased profitability: approximately 2. “Averaging 1.17 million tons per day on the July line of the company,” which was won in the summer.
70-80 per cent of fixed costs, so the expansion of the scale of operations has had a lower impact on operating costs, with major operating costs increasing by only 12 per cent in the current period in the face of a significant increase in the volume of business; and Māori in the third quarter.
4. “The May Qin Line is nearing full capacity and looks forward to the summer coal situation, with an investment gain of 690 million yuan in the current period for joint ventures and joint ventures.
The arrival of the season – the Qin Railways Review, 2017.6.9 The winter heat season is approaching, and the optimal structure of the coal market has contributed to a return in the valuation of the Qin line: the winter harvest is about to hit the peak of heat, coal imports are blocked, coal demand will continue to improve at the end of October.
The Lower Electrification Added Profit Impact is limited and is intended to reduce coal demand slightly, with the average daily consumption of coal by six major power groups dropping to less than 600,000 tons; the inventory of the island of Qin has risen to about 17% in October. The seasonal demand for coal will return in November.
With late October’s fall on the Great Qin line, the demand for coal transport is expected to be high by the end of the year. With the full return of coal growth starting this year, future price and demand fluctuations will slow down, while the country’s supply-side reforms will raise the share of the “3 West” high-quality coal market over the long term, with the Qin line serving as the front line.
Three-Six-Six-Six coal transport routes, with a positive overall increase in traffic, guaranteed long-term traffic, increased demand for coal transport during the winter warm season, return of road coal and optimized coal market, Sobok.
The company’s end-of-year costs will be settled centrally, with higher costs for the next half of the year; expected weak demand for coal will continue; railway reforms will fall short of expectations; and there will be a severe diversion of the line of call in the market.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.