Data on industrial transport: data released by the National Railways Agency, which shows a 13.9 per cent increase in total freight traffic on a year-on-year basis over the previous three quarters
Based on the volume of cargo, it is expected that the annual cargo plan will be completed ahead of schedule by early December, which will provide strong support for the implementation of the three-step reform strategy for the railway.
At present, all 18 of them have been registered as business changes and have collectively become road bureau companies. Total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The Hong Kong Free Trade Group (600018.sh) Hong Kong + Yangjiang Economic Belt, the twin-tone concept, the speed with which the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (002120.sz) has increased its operations
It is clear that the increase in the number of railways in Qin is a sign of strategic commitment.
The company transports goods that are powered coal, and the technology is heavy-loaded orbital transport in a listed company.
The diversion of the Qin line has faded for a variety of reasons, and has now reached a balance. The coal railway is still in the advanced stages of preparation.
In the short term, it will not affect the Qin’s high red mark until after the reform of the Iron General has made some progress. The company’s three-quarters report provides a year-round forecast of performance, attributable to the net shareholders of the company.
The cumulative amount of goods transported by the line was 359.56 million tons, an increase of 30.63 per cent over the same period. Of these, 3,736,000 tons were transported by the line in October, an increase of 11.46 per cent over the same period.
Investment proposals: Companies are characterized by high security margins, high dividends, and stable operations that, in conjunction with the expected warming of the National Iron reforms in 2018, especially the development of land along railway lines, and the easing of price controls for passenger and cargo goods, will increase their performance.
We look forward to the future of the company. The rise of large shipping countries, mainly heavy-carrying rails, cannot be absent, so we move up to the “buy-in” rating. Profit forecasting and financial indicators:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report