The first three quarters of the year, Wei Hongmei's loss.
In 2016 and 2017, the high prices of pigs led to a situation of oversupply in the pig market. Meanwhile, in early 2018, there was a snowstorm in the east of China and in the north of the country, which hampered the transportation of pigs, which led to a large number of “cows” in the market at the beginning of the year.
The two causes overlapped, leading to a serious oversupply of the pig market in the first quarter of 2018, and a marked fall in prices. After the first quarter of 2018, the pig market was partially cleared, but the pig market was still in a state of supply. As of mid-May 2018, the cow market was still in a state of easing supply.
As of June 20, 2018, the price of a pig dropped by 34.73% on the same year.
However, the sharp fall in the prices of pigs is clearly delaying the company. The fall in prices and the increase in costs affect the company’s profitability. Over the reporting period, the company’s Māori sales rate increased by a percentage point. During the reporting period, the cost of the company increased by 2.78 percentage points over the reporting period.
10.48 per cent. Of these, an increase of 1.55 percentage points in administrative costs is attributable to the increase in insurance premiums for piglets and the total remuneration of employees; the increase in interest-bearing debt balances due to the expansion of production operations increases interest charges, resulting in an increase of 1.19 percentage points in financial costs over the same period.
0.04 percentage points. It is worth noting that the decline in corporate profitability during the reporting period was not only due to the fall in pig prices, but also possibly to the increase in operating costs. During the reporting period, the number of pigs produced by companies increased by 60.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the cost of operating by companies increased by 84.87 per cent, far more than the figure.
The price of corn and soybeans, as the main ingredients of pig feed, is likely to affect operating costs to some extent. The company expects the company’s performance to be reversed in the first three quarters. The company expects to return in the first three quarters of 2018.
The company is expected to earn about $114 million in July. In terms of output, the company has maintained a significant growth momentum.
Maintain a prudential recommended rating. While the company’s performance in the first half of the year has been hampered by a sharp fall in pig prices, considering the rapid growth in the number of pigs born in the company and the projected better prices in the second half of the year, the corresponding figures are 51 and 34 times higher, respectively.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.