After the semi-annual evaluation of herd shares (002714), herd shares published their semi-annual report for 2018, and the company earned $5,513 million in operating income in the first half of 2018, an increase of 30.31 per cent.
The net profit now attributable to the shareholders of the parent company - 79 million yuan, a decrease of 106.55 per cent in the same year; a gain of 0.04 dollars per share in the same year. \triangleright’s increase in the same year.
The average sales price was $10.4 per kilogram, while the average sales price of the company ' s commodities was $11.21 per kilogram in the first half of the year, at a loss of about $17. The price of pigs has risen significantly since May, with the average sales price of $12.27 per kilogram in July, returning to the profit zone, and is expected to earn about $110 for the first half of the year, while the profits from farming will continue to improve in the second half of the year. The company ' s output continues to expand, with fixed assets and construction growing by 17.94 per cent at the beginning of the year.
The cost continues to be optimized, and the down-cycle advantage is evident. The full cost of corporate farming fell further to less than $11.4 in the first half of the year, largely thanks to public \triangleright.
Division management continues to be optimized, and incentives for excellence in technology and production are increased and staff motivation is increased. In general, we maintain the fundamentals of the East’s financial and intellectual boom, and new expansion capacity for 2016-2017 in the industry is still under way, especially in large enterprises.
In the larger context of the continued increase in concentration in the industry and the trend towards lower hog prices, cost control is the company’s most important competitive advantage, helping it to move through the cycle and gain greater profitability in price reversals. Three costs have increased as a result of the pig cycle and expansion.
\triangleright points. Costs such as employee pay and insurance have grown faster, mainly because of the price of pigs, which results in a failure to match the rate of increase in revenue and sales, in addition to financing, the continued expansion of the environment and the company’s productive capacity under the heavy asset model, which has resulted in higher interest-bearing liabilities and higher financial costs.
In the short term, we look at improved profits in the second half of pig-breeding and good cost-control capabilities; in the medium and long term, we look at the company’s continuing levels of activity, the risk of price volatility, the risk of falling short of expectations, the risk of disease, etc.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. The top ten (seventh) prizes for the excellent combination of the 2012 China Securities Industry Merit Award. The second name for the 2012 prize. The 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasts are 3rd with Accurate Real Estate Industry".
Xing Poetry Month, University of Maryland, USA, Master of Finance, in 2017, joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.