China
Gree Electric (A-Share)
EQUITIES
Reported sales belie cooling real demand
Key points
Air-conditioner sales growth to moderate on shortfall in demand growth.
Investors likely to focus on end-demand rather than reported revenues.
We raise FY18 and FY19 EPS estimates by 11% and 4%, but downgrade
the stock to Neutral and cut our PER-based TP by 24% Rmb38.80.
Conclusion
We downgrade Gree to Neutral post 1H18 as we are increasingly cautious on
the air-conditioner industry in 2H18-1H19, given the high YoY base. We raise
our earnings est for FY18 by 11% and for FY19 by 4% in view of the strong
reported sales for 1H18 that we believe are due to strong sell-in. However, we
cut the target PER from 13.5x FY18E to 9x FY19E. Accordingly, we lower our
Investment fundamentals
TP by 24% to RMB38.80/sh, as we expect growth to normalise following
strong earnings growth in the past 24 months. Our FY18-19 earnings are 4% &
7% below consensus, respectively. Dividend uncertainty remains a concern.
Impact
Air-conditioner sales growth to normalise from 2H18. Gree's AC
shipments in China have risen 16% YoY YTD. We expect air-conditioner
revenue growth to moderate to 8% YoY in 2H18 after last year's unusually
high 49% YoY growth, which we believe was partly due to AC demand being
met earlier than expected. Our channel checks indicate that weaker-than-
expected July retail sales have led to higher channel inventory for the industry,
which will take time to digest. This, we believe, will cause shipment growth to
moderate, to relieve pressure on channels.
Would it matter if management can hit RMB 200bn sales target for FY18?
Even if the company meets its FY18 sales target of RMB200bn, we doubt it
will be a share price catalyst, as it will only increase the market's scepticism on
whether there is channel stuffing in air-conditioners, given the strong sales
000651 CH rel CSI 300 performance, & rec
revenue growth in the past 24 months. We see end-consumer demand
history
measured by either AC installations or retail sell-through as a much more
important catalyst to the share price than Gree's sales to channels.
Investment in chipset design at what cost? A key reason for the cut in
dividend is Gree's intention to invest in chipset design. Its inverter air-
conditioners use mainly imported chipsets that cost RMB4-5bn annually. As
the chipset is the only air-conditioner component that Gree does not only make
itself, it is investing in chipset technology R&D to increase its pricing power
and control costs. Gree has set up a subsidiary with RMB1bn of share capital.
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no
Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period.
Earnings and target price revision
(all figures in Rmb unless noted, TP in CNY)
We raise our reported estimates for FY18 and FY19 by 11% and 4%
respectively, but cut our target price by 24% to RMB38.80/sh.
Analysts
Price catalyst
Macquarie Capital Limited
12-month price target: Rmb38.80 based on a PER methodology.
Catalyst: 3QFY18 results, 3rd party industry data on AC
Action and recommendation
Downgrade to Neutral.
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
Investment thesis: Downgrade to Neutral; TP lowered to Rmb38.80/sh
We lower our target price to Rmb 38.80/sh from Rmb 51.00/sh previously as we lower our earnings
multiple on FY19E to 9x despite lifting reported EPS by 11% for FY18E and 4% for FY19E. While Gree
remains the leader in China's air-conditioner industry by volumes and gains from market consolidation, we
worry about the FY19 outlook as we fear the demand for air-conditioners may have been drawn in
advance, following strong air-conditioner selling seasons for two consecutive years—2017 and 2018. The
AC selling season starts from August and ends in July next year.
⇒ AC industry growth to moderate in 2H18 and 1H19 after two years of solid growth: According
to China Industry Online data, Gree's combined China exports and domestic shipment volumes
have risen 15% YoY YTD. With the company commenting distributors still willing to restock, we
believe sell-in volume may still grow in 2H18, but growth is likely to moderate going forward,
particularly in 1H19, due to a higher base.
Still seeing ASP increase at retail level: Based on 1H18 for All View Cloud (AVC) data, Gree
\Rightarrow
saw retail ASP grew ~ 5% YoY for residential ACs, compared to a ~3.4% YoY increase for the
industry.
Dividends: Gree has paid out 28% of its 1H18 earnings at RMB 60cents per share, which is much
\Rightarrow
lower than the 70% full-year payout in 2015 and 2016. According to its interim report, the company
plans to invest in chip design, as it wants to save the over RMB4-5 billion that it currently spends
annually on imported chipsets.
Our new target price is based on 9x FY19E PER vs 13.5x FY18E previously. We believe the company's
dividend payout has disappointed the market, which remains concerned about the size of investment in
chipset design, especially in the context of the broader slowdown in AC sales. We lower our multiple to
factor in this uncertainty and will wait on the sidelines for a better entry point.
Source: FactSet, Macquarie Research, September 2018.
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
Earnings revision
We are raising our reported profit estimates for 2018 and 2019 by 11% and 4% respectively, in view of the
stronger than expected results for 1H18. Our FY18 revenue estimate of RMB181bn is below the
management's target of RMB200bn.
⇒ Revenue: We lift FY18E revenues by 16% and FY19E by 9% as we expect the group to further
drive its AC sell-in into its regional sales office this year to achieve the revenue target of
RMB200bn. For FY19, we have some concern on demand normalising, given the high comparison
base in 1H18, which may be reflecting demand spent in advance, in our view.
⇒ Gross margin: We cut our gross margins assumptions for FY18 and FY19 by 2.0 and 2.2ppts
respectively as we believe our previous expectations may be too high. We believe as the company
diversifies its revenue stream, it may see lower margins due to negative impact from a revenue mix
change. At the same time, we expect gross margin from the export business to get further
compressed to only 7.3% in FY18E vs 13.1% in 1H17.
⇒ Operating margin: We raise our OP margin estimate for FY18 by 10bps but cut it for FY19 by
30bps as we believe Gree's efficiency enhancement, strict control in selling & distribution expense,
will be offset by increased spending on chip design investment, which is unlikely to generate near-
term returns.
⇒ Dividends: We lower our payout ratio assumption for 2018 and beyond to 40% on the back of the
28% payout for 1H18. We believe the company is likely holding back cash for future investment but
should have more clarity in 2H18.
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
Advance from customers starting to trend down
According to the latest 2Q18 balance sheet data, receipts in advance amounted to RMB2.1bn, down 67%
YoY. The last time advances from customers reached this level was in 2Q14. According to the company, it
still has healthy cash payback from distributors, while the current channel inventory levels does not
suggest the company's sell-in has been excessive. We believe this likely meant no incremental end-
demand to trigger additional deposits from distributors.
Domestic shipment volumes for 2Q18 up 16% YoY
According to China Market Monitor, which collects data from modern channels across Tier 1-4 cities,
Gree's residential AC retail sales volume grew 0.5% YoY in 2Q18. This compares to 15.6% YoY growth in
domestic shipments. From July data, CMM data showed retail volume down 30% YoY vs domestic
shipment volumes up 14.6% YoY.
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
We believe likely Gree is increasing support to its trading companies
Gree has 27 regional sales companies in China, which serve as intermediaries to distribute ACs to
retailers at modern channels and to retailers in lower-tier cities. As ~70% of AC retail sales happen
between March and August, generally retailers need to stock up ACs ahead of time before the peak
season, since supply during the peak season is generally not enough to meet demand.
We believe part of the discrepancy can be accounted for as inventory at the sales office to be distributed to
retailers, as they have more financial resources. In particular, based on company registration search site
gichacha.com, since 2011, Beijing Shengshi Hengxing Geli International Trading Co., Ltd (北京盛世恒兴格
regions and 20 companies on lifestyle appliances, would be able to help manage the distribution and
pricing architecture within these regions and balance the interests of the smaller distributors.
At the same time, in a recent announcement, the company's financing arm is increasing the cap on the line
of credit to Zhejiang Shengxi Yinxing Geli trading Co., Ltd (浙江盛世欣兴格力贸易有限公司) from
RMB500m to RMB 1bn due to business environment. This can be shown as Gree increasing its support to
the trading companies. As of 1H18, Gree has generated product revenue of RMB2.64bn from the company
vs a loan amount of RMB300m.
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
Earnings review
1H18 revenue grew 31.4% YoY to RMB 92bn, reaching 51% of full-year consensus or 46% of
management's RMB200bn target. Gross margin contracted 1.9ppt to 30.8% but operating profit margin
expanded by 70bps to 16.2%, while net profit grew 35.5% to RMB12.8bn, accounting for 47% of full-year
consensus earnings.
⇒ Air conditioners: Revenue grew 38.8% YoY in 1H18. The strength of the first-half results can be
supported by the double-digit shipment growth in air-conditioners. Gross margin declined 4.1ppt to
34.4%, which we believe is due to gross margin pressure from the export segment.
⇒ Household appliances: Revenue grew 56% YoY to RMB1.6bn, with gross margin compressing by
2.4ppt to 17%. We believe the company still lacks scale in household appliances.
⇒ Intelligent equipment: Revenue declined 63% to RMB356m; however, gross margin expanded by
6.9ppt to 11.7%. We believe the margin improvement may be due to the company starting to
deliver orders to better-quality external customers.
⇒ Operating cashflow: Operating cashflow increased 146% to RMB8.9, due to increase in other
cash inflow related to operating activities.
⇒ Sales rebate: This other current liability amount remains relatively stable, down 1.4% YoY to
RMB59.2bn.
⇒ Advance received from customer. This amount declined by 67% YoY and 85% HoH to
RMB2.1bn. The company highlighted this was due to high growth in domestic sales resulting in
higher shipments to distributors and leading to lower balance for customer advances.
⇒ Dividend payout at 28% of interim earnings: The company declared an interim dividend per
share of RMB60c, representing 28% of 1H18 earnings and below ~70% payout in 2015 and 2016.
We believe this reflects the company's keenness on investing in AC chipsets.
⇒ Quarterly trend. On a quarterly basis, revenue growth moderated slightly to 30% from 33% in
1Q18 while net profit growth maintained similar momentum at 37.6% vs 1Q18 at 39%.
Macquarie Quant View
The Quant View page below has been derived from models that are developed and maintained by Sales and Trading
personnel at Macquarie. The models are not a product of the Macquarie Research Department.
The quant model currently holds a strong positive view on Gree Electric (A-
Displays where the
Share). The strongest style exposure is Profitability, indicating this stock is
company's ranked based on
efficiently converting investments to earnings; proxied by ratios like ROE or
the fundamental consensus
ROA. The weakest style exposure is Quality, indicating this stock is likely to
Price Target and
have a weaker and less stable underlying earnings stream.
Macquarie's Quantitative
57/661
Alpha model.
Two rankings: Local market
Global rank in
(China A) and Global sector
Consumer Durables & Apparel
(Consumer Durables &
Apparel)
% of BUY recommendations
65% (11/17)
Number of Price Target downgrades
Number of Price Target upgrades
Macquarie Alpha Model ranking
Factors driving the Alpha Model
A list of comparable companies and their Macquarie Alpha model score
For the comparable firms this chart shows the key underlying styles and their
contribution to the current overall Alpha score.
(higher is better).
Macquarie Earnings Sentiment Indicator
Drivers of Stock Return
Breakdown of 1 year total return (local currency) into returns from dividends, changes
The Macquarie Sentiment Indicator is an enhanced earnings revisions
signal that favours analysts who have more timely and higher conviction
in forward earnings estimates and the resulting change in earnings multiple.
revisions. Current score shown below.
What drove this Company in the last 5 years
How it looks on the Alpha model
Which factor score has had the greatest correlation with the company's
A more granular view of the underlying style scores that drive the alpha (higher is
better) and the percentile rank relative to the sector and market.
returns over the last 5 years.
Source (all charts): FactSet, Thomson Reuters, and Macquarie Quant. For more details on the Macquarie Alpha model or for more customised analysis and
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
Important disclosures:
Financial definitions
Recommendation definitions
Volatility index definition*
Macquarie - Australia/New Zealand
This is calculated from the volatility of historical
All "Adjusted" data items have had the following
Outperform – return >3% in excess of benchmark return
price movements.
adjustments made:
Neutral – return within 3% of benchmark return
Added back: goodwill amortisation, provision for
Underperform - return >3% below benchmark return
Very high-highest risk – Stock should be
catastrophe reserves, IFRS derivatives & hedging,
expected to move up or down 60-100% in a year
IFRS impairments & IFRS interest expense
Benchmark return is determined by long term nominal
investors should be aware this stock is highly
Excluded: non recurring items, asset revals, property
GDP growth plus 12 month forward market dividend
speculative.
revals, appraisal value uplift, preference dividends &
yield, which is currently around 9%.
minority interests
High – stock should be expected to move up or
Macquarie - Asia/Europe
down at least 40-60% in a year - investors should
EPS = adjusted net profit / efpowa*
Outperform – expected return >+10%
be aware this stock could be speculative.
ROA = adjusted ebit / average total assets
Neutral – expected return from -10% to +10%
ROA Banks/Insurance = adjusted net profit /average
Underperform – expected return <-10%
Medium – stock should be expected to move up
total assets
Mazi Macquarie - South Africa
or down at least 30-40% in a year.
ROE = adjusted net profit / average shareholders funds
Outperform - expected return >+10%
Gross cashflow = adjusted net profit + depreciation
Neutral – expected return from -10% to +10%
Low-medium – stock should be expected to
Underperform – expected return <-10%
move up or down at least 25-30% in a year.
number of shares
Macquarie - Canada
Low – stock should be expected to move up or
All Reported numbers for Australian/NZ listed stocks
Outperform – return >5% in excess of benchmark return
are modelled under IFRS (International Financial
down at least 15–25% in a year.
Neutral – return within 5% of benchmark return
Reporting Standards).
Underperform – return >5% below benchmark return
only
Macquarie - USA
Recommendations – 12 months
Outperform (Buy) – return >5% in excess of Russell
Note: Quant recommendations may differ from
3000 index return
Neutral (Hold) – return within 5% of Russell 3000 index
return
index return
000651 CH vs CSI 300, & rec history
(all figures in CNY currency unless noted)
Note: Recommendation timeline - if not a continuous line, then there was no Macquarie coverage at the time or there was an embargo period.
12-month target price methodology
000651 CH: Rmb38.80 based on a PER methodology
Company-specific disclosures:
Target price risk disclosures:
000651 CH: Any inability to compete successfully in their markets may harm the business. This could be a result of many factors which may include
geographic mix and introduction of improved products or service offerings by competitors. The results of operations may be materially affected by global
economic conditions generally, including conditions in financial markets. The company is exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates,
foreign exchange rates and input prices. From time to time, the company will enter into transactions, including transactions in derivative instruments, to
manage certain of these exposures.
Analyst certification:
We hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or
their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views
expressed in this report. The Analysts responsible for preparing this report receive compensation from Macquarie that is based upon various factors
including Macquarie Group Ltd total revenues, a portion of which are generated by Macquarie Group's Investment Banking activities.
General disclaimers:
Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd; Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd; Macquarie Capital Markets North America
Ltd; Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc; Macquarie Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch; Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Macquarie
Securities (NZ) Ltd; Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt Ltd; Macquarie Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
Bhd; Macquarie Securities Korea Limited and Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the
008 583 542 (MBL) or MGL. MBL does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of any of the above mentioned
entities. MGL provides a guarantee to the Monetary Authority of Singapore in respect of the obligations and liabilities of Macquarie Capital Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd for up to SGD 35 million. This research has been prepared for the general use of the wholesale clients of the Macquarie Group and
must not be copied, either in whole or in part, or distributed to any other person. If you are not the intended recipient you must not use or disclose the
information in this research in any way. If you received it in error, please tell us immediately by return e-mail and delete the document. We do not
guarantee the integrity of any e-mails or attached files and are not responsible for any changes made to them by any other person. MGL has
established and implemented a conflicts policy at group level (which may be revised and updated from time to time) (the "Conflicts Policy") pursuant to
regulatory requirements (including the FCA Rules) which sets out how we must seek to identify and manage all material conflicts of interest. Nothing in
this research shall be construed as a solicitation to buy or sell any security or product, or to engage in or refrain from engaging in any transaction. In
preparing this research, we did not take into account your investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Macquarie salespeople, traders
and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions which are contrary to the
opinions expressed in this research. Macquarie Research produces a variety of research products including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis,
macro-economic analysis, quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of research product may differ from
recommendations contained in other types of research, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise. Before making an
investment decision on the basis of this research, you need to consider, with or without the assistance of an adviser, whether the advice is appropriate
in light of your particular investment needs, objectives and financial circumstances. There are risks involved in securities trading. The price of securities
can and does fluctuate, and an individual security may even become valueless. International investors are reminded of the additional risks inherent in
international investments, such as currency fluctuations and international stock market or economic conditions, which may adversely affect the value of
the investment. This research is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable but we do not make any representation or warranty
that it is accurate, complete or up to date. We accept no obligation to correct or update the information or opinions in it. Opinions expressed are subject
to change without notice. No member of the Macquarie Group accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect, consequential or other loss arising
from any use of this research and/or further communication in relation to this research. Clients should contact analysts at, and execute transactions
through, a Macquarie Group entity in their home jurisdiction unless governing law permits otherwise. The date and timestamp for above share price and
market cap is the closed price of the price date. #CLOSE is the final price at which the security is traded in the relevant exchange on the date indicated.
Members of the Macro Strategy team are Sales & Trading personnel who provide desk commentary that is not a product of the Macquarie Research
department or subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or any other regulation regarding independence in the provision of equity research.
Country-specific disclaimers:
Australia: In Australia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Australia) Ltd (AFSL No. 238947), a participating organization of the
Australian Securities Exchange. Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited staff involved with the preparation of research have regular interaction with
companies they cover. Additionally, Macquarie Group Limited does and seeks to do business with companies covered by Macquarie Research. There
are robust information barriers in place to protect the independence of Macquarie Research's product. However, recipients of Macquarie Research
should be aware of this potential conflict of interest. New Zealand: In New Zealand, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (NZ) Ltd,
a NZX Firm. Canada: In Canada, research is prepared, approved and distributed by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd., a (i) member of the
Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada and the Canadian Investor Protection Fund, and (ii) participating organisation of the Toronto
Stock Exchange, TSX Venture Exchange & Montréal Exchange. This research is distributed in the United States, as third party research by Macquarie
Capital Markets North America Ltd., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Securities
Investor Protection Corporation. Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. accepts responsibility for the contents of reports issued by Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. in the United States and sent to US persons. Any US person wishing to effect transactions in the securities described in
the reports issued by Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. should do so with Macquarie Capital Markets North America Ltd. This research is
intended for distribution in the United States only to major Institutional Investors (as such term is defined in SEC 15a-6 and Section 15 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and is not intended for the use of any person or entity that is not a major institutional investor. Research analysts
of Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd. are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. The Research Distribution Policy of Macquarie
Capital Markets Canada Ltd. is to allow all clients that are entitled to have equal access to our research. United Kingdom: In the United Kingdom,
research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Germany: In Germany, this research is issued and/or distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, which is
authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (No. 193905), and in Germany by BaFin. France: In France, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (Europe) Ltd, which is authorised and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority (No.
193905). Hong Kong & Mainland China: In Hong Kong, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Limited, which is licensed and
regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission. In Mainland China, Macquarie Securities (Australia) Limited Shanghai Representative Office only
engages in non-business operational activities excluding issuing and distributing research. Only non-A share research is distributed into Mainland China
by Macquarie Capital Limited. Japan: In Japan, research is Issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Japan) Limited, a member of the
Tokyo Stock Exchange, Inc. and Osaka Exchange, Inc. (Financial Instruments Firm, Kanto Financial Bureau (kin-sho) No. 231, a member of Japan
Securities Dealers Association). India: In India, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd. (CIN:
U65920MH1995PTC090696), 92, Level 9, 2 North Avenue, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051, India, which is a
SEBI registered Research Analyst having registration no. INH000000545. Malaysia: In Malaysia, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Securities (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. (Company registration number: 463469-W) which is a Participating Organisation of Bursa Malaysia Berhad and
a holder of Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission. Taiwan: In Taiwan, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie
Capital Limited, Taiwan Securities Branch, which is licensed and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission. No portion of the report may be
reproduced or quoted by the press or any other person without authorisation from Macquarie. Nothing in this research shall be construed as a
solicitation to buy or sell any security or product. The recipient of this report shall not engage in any activities which may give rise to potential conflicts of
interest to the report. Research Associate(s) in this report who are registered as Clerks only assist in the preparation of research and are not engaged in
writing the research. Macquarie may be in past one year or now being an Issuer of Structured Warrants on securities mentioned in this report. Thailand:
In Thailand, research is produced, issued and distributed by Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd. is a licensed
securities company that is authorized by the Ministry of Finance, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand and is an exchange
member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand. The Thai Institute of Directors Association has disclosed the Corporate Governance Report of Thai Listed
Companies made pursuant to the policy of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand. Macquarie Securities (Thailand) Ltd does not endorse
iod.com/en/publications.asp?type=4. South Korea: In South Korea, unless otherwise stated, research is prepared, issued and distributed by Macquarie
Securities Korea Limited, which is regulated by the Financial Supervisory Services, Information on analysts in MSKL is disclosed at
001000. South Africa: In South Africa, research is issued and distributed by Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd, a member of the JSE Limited.
Singapore: In Singapore, research is issued and distributed by Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Company Registration Number:
198702912C), a Capital Markets Services license holder under the Securities and Futures Act to deal in securities and provide custodial services in
Singapore. Pursuant to the Financial Advisers (Amendment) Regulations 2005, Macquarie Capital Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd is exempt from
complying with sections 25, 27 and 36 of the Financial Advisers Act. All Singapore-based recipients of research produced by Macquarie Capital
(Europe) Limited, Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd, Mazi Macquarie Securities (RF) (Pty) Ltd and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. represent and
warrant that they are institutional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act. United States: In the United States, research is issued and
distributed by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., which is a registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., accepts
responsibility for the content of each research report prepared by one of its non-US affiliates when the research report is distributed in the United States
by Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc.'s affiliate's analysts are not registered as research analysts with FINRA, may not be
Macquarie Research
Gree Electric (A-Share)
purposes only and is not a solicitation for purchases or sales of futures. Any persons receiving this report directly from Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. and
wishing to effect a transaction in any security described herein should do so with Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. Important disclosure information
representative at 1-888-MAC-STOCK, or write to the Supervisory Analysts, Research Department, Macquarie Securities, 125 W.55th Street, New York,
NY 10019.
© Macquarie Group
Equities
Asia Research
Head of Equity Research
Emerging Leaders
Technology
Automobiles, Auto Parts
Infrastructure, Industrials, Transportation
Banks and Financials
Telecoms
Internet, Media and Software
Utilities, Renewables
Basic Materials, Commodities
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals
Strategy, Country
Conglomerates
Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare
Consumer, Gaming
Linda Huang (Asia)
Property, REIT
Zibo Chen (China, Hong Kong)
Find our research at
Terence Chang (China, Hong Kong)
Macquarie:
Sunny Chow (China, Hong Kong)
Thomson:
Reuters:
Stella Li (China, Taiwan)
Bloomberg:
MAC GO
Leon Rapp (Japan)
Factset:
Kwang Cho (Korea)
CapitallQ
Amit Sinha (India)
Robert Pranata (Indonesia)
Richardo Walujo (Indonesia)
Denise Soon (Malaysia)
Karisa Magpayo (Philippines)
Chalinee Congmuang (Thailand)
Asia Sales
Regional Heads of Sales
Regional Heads of Sales cont'd
Sales Trading cont'd
Sales Trading