格力电器 [000651.CH]
国内空调行业的标杆企业
格力电器是中国领先的空调制造商，国内市场份额约 40%。由于公司拥有强
大的品牌、良好的客户忠诚度和较高质量，其产品价格有明显的溢价。格力
家电行业
受益于近期国内对空调的强劲需求;然而,由于公司的产品和目标市场均较
单一，且缺乏清晰的盈利增长驱动力，再加上未有连贯的增长策略，意味着
公司估值将继续较同业折让。
投资亮点
(首次覆盖)
空调:竞争激化。空调占格力销售额的80%以上,另占毛利的90%。预计今
年的空调需求将保持强劲，料第一季空调销售额同比增长 33%，而 4 月/5 月
收盘价: 43.18 元人民币 (2018年7月4日)
的安装量将加快增长。虽然格力的空调产品存在溢价，但其他制造商正在推
出更多高端型号，或会侵占格力的市场份额。
多元化策略未取得重大成功。格力试图多元化其业务，并开拓智能手机、电
动公交车和小家电业务,并且开发出口市场,但未见取得重大成功。这意味
着公司仍是单一产品和单一市场的公司。
股价表现
公司未有连贯的政策。在格力宣布暂停派发 2017 年股息以保留资金作智能制
造、集成电路等新领域的拓展后,其股价一度暴跌。虽然格力可能会在中期
业绩后恢复派息，但市场仍对格力摇摆不定的政策感到忧虑。由于董明珠可
能继续连任主席三年，我们预计管理层的风格不会有任何变化。
充裕的现金状况提供防御性。格力的现金净额为 850 亿元人民币（占市值的
32%)。我们预计部分现金流将在未来 18 个月予以分派，形式将是股票回购
或提高股息。此外，公司还持有约 7 亿美元的外汇，因此公司或受益于人民
币贬值。
从近期盈利增长前景看，目前估值估理。格力有望在 2018 年上半年实现稳健
391.71 亿美元
的盈利增长，其低估值或导致股价在大盘疲弱时跑赢预期。然而，鉴于格力
流通在外股数
60.16 亿股
的业务有高度的周期性、并依赖于单一产品类别、加上增长策略缺乏明确
性,我们认为格力会较海尔和美的等同业存在折让。我们给予公司的 2019 年
自由流通量
56%
52 周高位
58.7 元人民币
11%。
36.4 元人民币
52 周低位
4.17 亿美元
三个月日均成交额:
主要股东:
格力集团 (18.2%)
來源: 公司, 彭博
Jeff Dorr - 分析员
张岸 – 分析员
张富绅 - 研究部董事
GREE ELECTRIC [000651.CH]
Queen of AC'es
Gree is the leading air con manufacturer in China, with a domestic market
share of ~40%. Its products command a definitive price premium due to
Gree's strong brand, customer loyalty, and quality. Gree is benefitting from
Home Appliances Sector
recent strong domestic demand for air conditioning; however, its single-
product single-market focus, lack of new discernible earnings drivers, and
Neutral
inconsistent growth strategy mean the Company will continue trading at a
valuation discount to its peers.
(Initiation)
Investment Highlights
Air Conditioning: Encroaching Competition. Air conditioners account for
Close: RMB 43.18 (July 4, 2018)
over 80% of Gree's sales and 90% of its gross profit. AC demand is
expected to remain strong this year, with AC sales increasing 33% YoY in
Q1 and installations accelerating in April/May. While Gree's AC products sell
Target Price: RMB 48 (+11%)
at a premium, other manufacturers are introducing more high-end models
which may encroach on Gree's turf.
Share Price Performance
Limited Success in Diversification. Gree's attempts to diversify into
smartphones, electric buses and small appliances and to develop export
markets have been met with limited success. This means the Company
remains a single-product single-market company.
Inconsistent Corporate Policy. Gree's share price plummeted when it
announced it would suspend its 2017 dividend to diversify into new fields
such as smart manufacturing, integrated circuits, and others. While Gree will
likely resume dividend payments following interim results, the market
remains concerned over Gree's wavering policy. With Dong Mingzhu likely to
serve as Chairwoman for another three years, we do not expect any
Market Cap
US$39,171m
changes in management style.
Defensive Cash Position. Gree has a net cash position of RMB85Bn (32%
Shares Outstanding
6,016m
of its market cap). We expect some of this cash pile to be distributed, either
Free Float
56%
through share buybacks or in bumper dividends over the next ~18 months.
52W High
In addition, the Company also holds around ~USD 7Bn in forex, and may
52W Low
benefit from RMB depreciation.
3M Avg Daily T/O:
US$ 417m
Fair Valuation in Light of Near-term Earnings Growth. Gree is tracking
Gree Group (18.2%)
Major Shareholders:
for solid earnings growth in 2018H1, and its low valuation may result in
outperformance in a stock market downturn. However, in light of Gree's
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
highly cyclical business, reliance on a single product category, and lack of
clarity on growth strategy, we believe Gree warrants a discount relative to
Jeff Dorr - Analyst
peers Haier and Midea. We value the company on 9.5x 2019E earnings,
implying a 12-month target price of RMB 48, or ~11% upside.
An Zhang – Analyst
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
VALUATION
We have a target price of RMB 47.98, based on a 9.5x multiple of our 2019 earnings forecast. This
valuation is supported by Gree's 14%+ earnings CAGR during 2017-2019 and its 30%+ ROE.
Midea and Qingdao Haier, two of the three large appliance manufacturers, both trade for ~12x 2019E
consensus earnings. Midea and Haier both have diverse product portfolios. Gree is a pure play on air
conditioning, and currently trades at a discount to Midea and Haier at 8.5x our forecasted 2019 earnings.
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Note: * Gree figures based on CGIS forecast
While Gree's earnings growth can remain strong in 2018 due to hot weather and strong AC demand, this
period of above trend earnings growth may not sustain beyond 2018. We prefer manufacturers with a
more reliable and diversified earnings stream whose EPS growth is higher than Gree.
We value Gree at a discount to Haier and Midea on account of the volatile nature of its core air
conditioning business, its recent dividend cut, and current overhang on the stock due to potential change
in leadership. At 9x 2019E PER, Gree's valuation would be lower than domestic peers but in line with
the international appliance manufacturers such as Electrolux and Whirlpool. Gree has historically traded
at a discount to its domestic peers Midea and Qingdao Haier.
Gree PE Band
Midea PE Band
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Qingdao Haier PE Band
Sources: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Of the three major A-Share listed appliance manufacturers, Gree appears less favoured by investors
utilizing the northbound stock connect than Midea. Northbound connect owners own 7.8% of Gree,
versus 11.6% of Midea and 7.9% of Qingdao Haier. However, since MSCI inclusion on June 1, 2018,
investors utilizing the Hong Kong stock connect have invested a net RMB 2Bn in Gree, closely following
the net RMB 3.6Bn invested in Midea.
Sources: HKEX, CGIS Research
OVERVIEW: AIR CONDITIONING TO DRIVE EARNINGS
Air Conditioning (83% sales)
Gree's focus on air conditioning differentiates it from chief competitors Gree and Haier. Air conditioning
accounts for 83% of revenue and 94% of gross profit. Gree has long tried to diversify into other market
segments, but still relies on AC as its main profit driver.
Gree has been the leading producer of air conditioners in China since 1995 and in the world since 2005.
Gree's domestic market share is consistently above 40% by volume. Gree also enjoys extremely high
million residential AC sets, and over 5.5 million central AC sets. Most of these are sold in China
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
China's AC Market Overview
The air conditioning segment is Gree's most important product category, representing over 90% of gross
profit. Domestically, the AC market is dominated by three players Gree, Midea, and Haier, which control
roughly ~70% of the market. Gree is the leading player in China's domestic AC market.
2018H1: AC Growth Still Strong
2017 was a boom year for China's AC market due to hot weather, low channel inventory, and a
recovering property market following 2015 lows. In volume terms, China's domestic AC market grew
47% YoY to ~89Mn units. In the export market, AC sales grew ~10% to ~53Mn units.
As of 2018Q1, the air conditioning market in China is continuing to experience strong growth:
Gree grew top line revenues 37% in 2018Q1. Gree has seen an acceleration in installations in
April and May over Q1, with installation growth tracking 20% YoY
Midea's air conditioning business grew +40% YoY in 2018Q1. In April, Midea's AC growth
decelerated to 20% YoY.
Haier AC revenue grew ~20% YoY in 2018Q1, with growth accelerating in April and May and
installations tracking
For full year 2018, we expect Gree's AC segment to grow ~20% YoY. Our estimates are more
conservative than management guidance, which place sales growth for 2018 at 33%.
Gree's Industry Leading AC Margins
As a result of its high ASPs and product mix, Gree's gross margins lead its peers in the AC segment. In
our checks with Gome, Suning, and multi-brand department stores, we learned that Gree typically
charges a premium of RMB ~200-300 over Midea and Haier for similarly configured AC units. Gree has
a reputation in the market place for excellence in manufacturing durable compressors, which remain
quiet and energy efficient over their lifespan.
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
In addition to higher ASPs among units with similar specifications, our online checks show that Gree's
product mix is skewed toward higher ASP models. For example, Gree's top selling units online are
priced RMB 1,000-1,500 higher than the top sellers for Midea and Haier on TMall, Gome, and Suning's
online stores:
Note: * Under promotion
Source: TMall, Gome, Suning, CGIS Research
AC: Encroaching Competition
In the past, Gree has focused more on high-end models, which have helped the company earn leading
margins. Other manufacturers, however, are introducing more high-end models, which may weaken
Gree's current position.
Haier, for example, has been enjoying success with new high end AC models. In 2017, Haier introduced
new air purification series Casarte Yunding and Tianxi. According to CMM data, Haier increased its
market share in the RMB 4,100+ price segment by 6.8 percentage points, reaching 10.5% in 2017. For
residential AC units priced above RMB 8,000, Haier increased its market share from 12.4% to 22.9%.
Furthermore, according to Euromonitor data, Haier leads globally in smart air conditioning systems with
a 30.5% market share.
While Midea is best known for its mid-tier ASP products, the company is taking steps to move up market.
Midea is introducing a new premium brand, which should roll out in August/September 2018. The
products will be priced at or above Haier's existing high-end products, Casarte. In general, Midea is
specifically attempting to narrow its pricing gap with Gree in the air conditioning segment. While
historically, Midea has lagged Gree in pricing by 700-800 in ASP for a comparable model, Midea has
RMB. This will put pricing pressure on Gree's product offering, in our opinion.
LIMITED SUCCESS IN DIVERSIFICATION
Gree is still singularly reliant on air conditioners. Despite the Company's efforts to diversify its product
range, the other products account for only 17% of revenues and 6% of gross profit. The Company's
international sales were only RMB 18.5Bn (or 12% of revenue), which is small compared to Midea's
RMB 104Bn.
Other Product Offering
Gree controls two brands including GREE and TOSOT for its products. The GREE brand is reserved for
the company's air conditioning, other large appliance (i.e. water heater, washing machine), smartphone,
and industrial products. TOSOT is reserved for Gree's small appliances business.
Gree's existing businesses outside of the company's AC segment have yet to make a meaningful
contribution to company earnings.
Other (11% Sales, 3% of Gross Profit): Gree's second largest source of revenue comes from
"Other," which includes appliances recycling. Since 2011, Gree has established recycling centres
in Shijiazhuang, Zhengzhou, Tianjin, Wuhu, and Changsha. According to a 2013 White Paper,
approximately 100 million electronic appliances were discarded annually in China – including
televisions, refrigerators, washing machines, and air conditioners. Gross margins in this business
segment are low, averaging 7% from 2016-17.
Compressors, motors, capacitors (3% Sales, 2% of Gross Profit): Gree is vertically integrated
in compressors, motors, and capacitors, and sells a limited amount of production to external
customers.
Small Appliances (2% Sales, 1% of Gross Profit): Gree has attempted to gain traction in the
small appliances market with its TOSOT brand, which manufactures fans, pressure cookers, water
purifiers, air purifiers, induction cookers, dehumidifiers, and other kitchen appliances. Although
Gree's small appliance business is growing, it has yet to make a significant impact on the
company's financial accounts, comprising ~2% of sales. In 2010, Gree's small appliance sales
were RMB 787Mn, versus 2.3Bn in 2017. Over the same period, Gree's air conditioning business
grew from RMB 55Bn to 123Bn.
Smart Equipment (1% sales, <1% of Gross Profit): In 2017, Gree introduced a new reporting
segment called smart equipment (~1% sales). Gree's first smart equipment product, however, an
AGV, was introduced in 2013. To date, smart equipment is still a small portion of Gree's overall
sales mix. The segment currently manufactures industrial robots, CNC machines, and AGVs.
Gree's aim is to transition its own manufacturing process toward smart precision manufacturing.
Revenue Dependency on China
Gree derives only 12% of its revenue and 4% of its gross profit internationally, lower than that of Midea
and Haier. While China has recently been experiencing strong demand for AC this year, Gree's reliance
on a single market makes the company's earnings inherently more volatile than its peers.
Source: Annual Reports, CGIS Research
Gree's key international markets include the Middle East, as well as Brazil and Pakistan where Gree has
manufacturing plants. Around 60% of Gree's international appliance sales are from low margin OEM and
ODM products. Hence, Gree's gross margins are significantly higher in Mainland China, where all sales
are under its own brands, than in the international market.
Source: Annual Reports, CGIS Research
Past efforts at Diversification
Under the leadership of Dong Mingzhu, Gree has made several attempts at diversifying into new
business segments to drive growth. Gree appears to be targeting high growth businesses which appear
to have only limited synergies with its core AC business.
1. Failed Yinlong Acquisition: On March 5, 2016, Gree proposed to acquire 100% of Yinlong New
Energy by issuing 1.5Bn shares at 15.57 per share (worth RMB 13Bn), and planned to raise not
more than RMB 9.7Bn by issuing non-public supporting funds. However, based on Gree's balance
sheet at the time, Gree had ~80Bn in net cash, seemingly more than sufficient to acquire Yinlong
without issuing new shares. The deal was ultimately vetoed by Gree's shareholders. However, the
acquisition attempt resulted in the suspension of Gree's shares for nearly seven months beginning
from February 22, 2016. Shares resumed trading in September that year.
Dong Mingzhu was a proponent of Yinlong's technology in energy storage equipment (Lithium-ion
battery). After the failed acquisition attempt of Yinlong, Dong Mingzhu personally invested into
Yinlong and became the second largest shareholder in April 2017 with 17.5% stake (worth ~RMB
200Mn). In comparison, her shareholding in Gree as of today is 0.7% (worth ~RMB 2Bn).
2. Struggling Smartphone Business: Gree entered the smartphone business in 2015 and so far has
released 2 generations of Gree phones. The first generation of Gree phones was launched in early
2015, and a second in June 2016. Sales proved disappointing. As of April 2018, the Gree's second
generation phone has sold less than 100,000 units. A 3rd generation of Gree phone is expected to
come to the market in second half 2018. In our view, the smartphone manufacturing business
shares few synergies with Gree's core AC business. We suspect it will be difficult for Gree to
compete with large scale competitors in the smartphone market such as Vivo, Oppo, and Xiaomi.
NO APPARENT UPSIDE IN CORPORATE STRATEGY
Wavering Dividend Policy
Gree has been considered a dividend play by the market on account of its lower PER and high payout
results, on grounds that it would preserve the cash for potential capacity expansion, as well as M&A in
areas including smart manufacturing, integrated circuits, and others. This was a negative surprise to
investors, given the Company's cash balance and past practices. The resulting sell-off erased RMB
30Bn from the company's market cap that day. The Shenzhen Stock Exchange sent a letter of concern
to Gree over the sudden change in policy.
Gree had historically paid out ~70% of its net income in dividends to investors in the preceding two
years. Since Gree's initial announcement, the company has remedied its position on the dividend cut,
and is now indicating that an interim payment will be made following interim results.
Lack of Clear Growth Direction
Following Gree's June 25 2018 AGM, the company has not yet provided specifics to investors regarding
the company's longer term growth strategy and where it plans to invest cash. Gree has discussed
potential investment in semiconductor design, smart manufacturing equipment, communications
equipment, and smart factories all as potential uses of cash. Most recently, we have seen news reports
that Gree plans to invest ~RMB 4Bn per year in semiconductor design, but details remain scarce.
Reportedly, a portion of Gree's air conditioners already use chips based on Gree's in-house design, and
Gree will continue to expand its design capability long term.
No Catalysts for Change
Chairwoman Dong Mingzhu has been serving as Chairwoman of Gree Electric since 2012. As of May 31,
2018, her 3rd consecutive term was up for re-election. The May 31st deadline passed with no news, until
Gree announced on June 6, 2018 that Dong Mingzhu's re-election would be postponed to the annual
shareholders meeting on June 25, 2018. With Dong Mingzhu likely to remain at the helm at Gree, it is
months, Gree has:
1.) Broken its 11 year track record of paying continuous dividends, while failing to inform shareholders
where funds will be spent;
2.) Entered the highly competitive smartphone business and failed to achieve critical scale; and
3.) Attempted to acquire Yinlong, an electric bus company by diluting shareholders, in spite of Gree
holding ample cash on the balance sheet. The Yinlong acquisition resulted in Gree's shares being
suspended for approximately seven months.
DEFENSIVE CASH POSITION
One factor which is positive of Gree is its huge cash balance of RMB 105Bn and relative low debt level
of RMB 20Bn at the end of 2018Q1. This implies the Company has net cash of RMB 85Bn, which is
equivalent to 32% of its market cap. Although most home appliance manufacturers enjoy a strong
financial position, Gree's cash position is significantly higher than that of its peers. We believe this has
sustained Gree's recent share price performance, by enabling the Company to: (i) make acquisitions at
current low valuation to sustain earnings growth, (ii) maintain a high dividend payout ratio, (iii) purchase
some of the outstanding shares to bolster EPS and share price, and (iv) book forex translation gains.
Sources: Annual Reports, CGIS Research
Strong Cash Position
Gree enjoys the strongest net cash position among peers, which makes the company a defensive stock
and provides Gree with ample dry powder to grow earnings via acquisition.
Bumper Dividends
Although Gree suspended its dividend in 2018Q1, we anticipate the company will resume paying
dividends after 2018 interim results. Management has communicated to the market that the interim
dividend is a delayed payment on 2017 earnings. Hence we estimate the 2018 interim payout will be
approximately RMB 1.86 per share, or ~50% of 2017 earnings, and further assume that Gree will
continue to maintain a 50% payout ratio for 2018 and beyond. On this basis, we anticipate strong
dividends over the next ~18 months. While this interim dividend is a one-off exception, this still
represents a nice 10% payoff to investors.
USD Holdings to Result in Forex Gains
As of 2017 year end, Gree held USD ~6.9Bn in cash & equivalents against USD ~1.5Bn in debt, giving
the company ~USD 5.5Bn net exposure. Recent RMB depreciation may result in a forex gain in 2018.
When the RMB last depreciated from 6.4936 to 6.937 in 2016, or 6.4%, Gree booked an exchange gain
of RMB 3.7Bn. Year to date, the RMB has depreciated approximately 2.4%.
RISK FACTORS
Earnings Volatility
The air conditioning business in China is highly volatile due to its dependency on weather, the real
estate market, and channel inventory swings. In particular, the investment community has limited insight
into distributor inventory levels. Gree's AC segment comprises over 90% of gross profit.
Limited Diversification in Distribution
Relative to Haier and Midea, Gree is reliant on traditional distributor channel for sales. Gree sells ~70%
of its air conditioners and small appliances through 27 Tier 1 distributors, which typically divide their
geographic coverage by province. These distributors move Gree's appliances to a network of city and
county level distributors, and ultimately to a network of 30,000 Gree branded specialty stores. Relative
to competitors, Gree is more reliant on this opaque channel for sales.
Sources: CGIS Research
Tier 1 & 2 City Exposure
Gree's store network is relatively more concentrated in Tier 1 & 2 cities. As such, Gree's sales are
influenced by fluctuations in these respective property markets. Local governments in these cities have
been implementing tightening measures since 2017H2, and sales transactions are expected to cool
throughout 2018.
Dilution and Share Suspension
Gree has made attempts in recent years to diversify outside of its core air conditioning business. On
March 5, 2016, Gree proposed an issuance of ~1.5Bln shares to acquire Yinlong. The deal was
to September 2, 2016) while negotiations dragged on.
Management Transition
Dong Mingzhu has served as Chairwoman since May 2012, but her term is currently up for renewal.
Gree has postponed the decision twice since May 31, 2018 without resolution.
Commodity Prices
Raw material prices comprise ~85% of COGS. In years when important commodity prices such as
copper and steel rise, management has traditionally implemented ASP hikes. However, management
may not always have the ability to completely offset increases in raw material costs.
RMB Appreciation
Gree's balance sheet has substantial USD exposure. As of 2017 year end, Gree held USD ~6.9Bn in
cash & equivalents against USD ~1.5Bn in debt, giving the company heavy USD exposure. RMB
appreciation would likely result in forex loss.
COMPANY BACKGROUND
History of the Group
Gree Electric Appliances Inc. of Zhuhai is an international air conditioning enterprise which has
integrated R&D, manufacturing, marketing and service. Established by Zhu Hongbo in Zhuhai,
Guangdong in 1991, Gree started as a nameless factory with 200 employees and annual production of
less than 20,000 units. Withstanding the test of time and market, Gree became the domestic home
appliance leader in the 2000s under Zhu Hongbo leadership. Started as a regional sales woman at age
36, Dong Mingzhu spent 22 years in Gree through peaks and troughs before becoming Zhu Hongbo's
successor in 2012, and has transformed Gree into one of the largest air conditioner manufacturers
internationally, recording ~RMB 150Bn revenue in 2017. Gree Electric Appliances went public on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 1996.
Gree Electric has developed two core brands, namely Gree and Tosot. The two brands cover a wide
product range including air conditioners, central air conditioning systems, refrigerators, rice cookers,
washing machines and other home appliances. Currently, Gree's products are exported to more than
200 countries and regions, and its own brand - Gree products, to more than 160 countries and regions.
Shareholding Structure
Zhuhai Gree Group, a fully owned entity of Zhuhai Municipal State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission, holds the majority ownership of Gree Electric Appliances with 18.2% of
total shares outstanding. Dong Mingzhu, the current Chairwoman of Gree Electric Appliances. Dong
Mingzhu holds 0.7% of the Company, with the rest of the board owning 0.3%.
In May 2007, Gree Electric Appliances transferred 10% of equity to Hebei Jinghai Guarantee
Investment (later reduced to 8.9% due to new shares issuance and placement), aiming to better
incentivize distributors. Hebei Jinghai has since become the second largest shareholder of Gree Electric.
Hebei Jinghai is a joint venture of 10 sales companies in Chongging, Henan, Hebei, Shandong and
other regions. In 2007, these 10 sales companies comprised an estimated 65% of Gree Electric's total
sales.
Chairwoman Dong Mingzhu has been serving as Chairwoman of Gree Electric since 2012. As of May
31, 2018, her third consecutive term was up for re-election. On June 6, 2018, Gree announced that
Dong Mingzhu's re-election would be postponed to the annual shareholders meeting on June 25, 2018.
However, following the shareholder meeting, a decision has not still been communicated to the market.
Sources: Company Annual Report, Bloomberg, CGIS Research
FINANCIAL MODEL
P&L Observations:
1.) Gree provisions for distributor rebates in selling expenses. These rebates provisions accumulate
in "Other current liabilities" on the balance sheet, which reached over RMB 60Bn in Q1 2018.
We highlight that selling expenses ranged from 15-20% of sales from 2013-2016 before
declining to 11% of sales in 2017. As such, an increase in selling expenses via rebates remains
a key risk to our forecast estimates
2.) Gree has historically booked RMB 2-3Bn of interest income in the revenue line, which can
distort the gross margins of the company in any given year. Ex-interest income, gross margins
have ranged between 32-36% in 2013-2017. Raw material costs comprise 85% of COGS. We
do not expect aggressive ASP or mix changes in 2018, and have forecasted gross margins at
the low end of the company's historical range.
Figure 17: Simplified Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
Balance Sheet Observations:
1.) Inventory increased steeply in 2017, but the amount remained below three months' worth of
sales. This could be the result of year-end effect. From our conversations with management, we
understand that Gree's AC factories are currently running at full capacity and are short on
inventory
2.) Other current liabilities are comprised mostly of accrued sales rebates
3.) Other current assets, which increased by RMB 8Bn in 2017, are mostly wealth management
and structured products. Without additional information, we assume this to remain stable going
forward.
Figure 18: Simplified Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Cash Flow Observations:
1.) From 2013 to 2017, Gree paid 42-70% of its net income out as dividends. Although Gree
announced it was suspending dividend payment in its 2017 annual results, we expect Gree will
resume paying dividend. We assume Gree will pay 50% of net income out as dividends over the
next three years, down from Gree's 70% payout ratio for 2016 on account of higher capex
spend.
2.) In 2017, Gree invested ~RMB 51Bn in fixed term deposits and wealth management products
with a maturity of greater than 3 months and it has disclosed these investments in the cash flow
statement. We regard these deposits as cash equivalents in our balance sheet, and do not
assume any increases in our forecast.
In 2017, Gree spent ~RMB 12Bn of cash on investment products. We believe most of this spend
went into "Other Current Assets" which is mostly comprised of WMPs and other structured
products.
4.) Gree has three new appliance factories under construction in Hangzhou, Nanjing, and Luoyang,
and is also contemplating acquisitions, both internationally and domestically. We have increased
capex figures for 2018 and 2019 for the completion of these factories, but have not built in
investment assumptions for any acquisitions.
5.) We assume Gree repays some of its short term debt.
Note:
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
此研究报告并非针对或意图被居于或位于某些司法管辖范围之任何人士或市民或实体作派发或使用，而在该等司法管辖范围内分发、发布、提供或使
用将会违反当地适用的法律或条例或会导致中国银河国际证券(香港)有限公司(“银河国际证券”)及/或其集团成员需在该司法管辖范围内作出注册
或领照之要求。
准确性、正确性或完整性作出(明示或默示)陈述或保证。
此报告不应被视为是一种报价、邀请或邀约购入或出售任何文中引述之证券。过往的表现不应被视为对未来的表现的一种指示或保证，及没有陈述或
保证，明示或默示，是为针对未来的表现而作出的。收取此报告之人士应明白及了解其投资目的及相关风险 ，投资前应咨询其独立的财务顾问。
报告中任何部份之资料、意见、预测只反映负责预备本报告的分析员的个人意见及观点，该观点及意见未必与中国银河国际金融控股有限公司及其附
属公司(“中国银河国际”)、董事、行政人员、代理及雇员(“相关人士”)之投资决定相符。