q4 1-quarter cost charge, expected 2021 profits to improve by season (600183.sh)
• q4 raw material costs are kept in line with price elasticity and the upgrading of medium- and long-term products, maintaining a “buy-in” rating The company issued a performance forecast for 2020, in which it achieved operating income of $14.69 billion (oy+10.9 per cent) and a net profit of $1.66 billion (yoy+14.8 per cent) from the mother, of which q4 Q4 Q4 Q4 Q2 = $40.0 billion
(qoq + 5.0%) with a net profit of 360 million yuan (qoq - 24.5%) and a single-quarter net interest rate of 9.0%. Of this, the ring of the clairvoyant business has increased income, and the profit-generating electronic income contribution has declined. We're turning down the 2020 profits.
The upgrading of the copper plate and the high-speed high-frequency overlaying of the 5g application, resulting in an increase in the volume of traffic, are industry trends, looking at the optimal structure of the company's products and maintaining the “buy-in” rating. The delay in raising the price of the copper plate makes it difficult to digest the steep increase in raw material prices and 2020q4 performance pressure.
The price of the three major raw materials of the 2020 q4 coin sheet increased sharply, with the combined cost of the company ' s scrapboard operation rising by more than 15 per cent, coupled with the expected pessimistic demand for the electronic terminal due to the epidemic and the low level of prior-period stocks of raw materials, resulting in a q4 quarterly profit burden; and the upper end of the copper plate, owing to the concentration of the company ' s customers in the internal capital pcb manufacturer, considered the long-term.
With the delay in raising prices, the combined price increase of 2020q4 is only 5%, so most of the cost pressures are absorbed within the company. Products such as bio-communications are slowed down by competitive bidding at downstream base stations.
2021q1 has been able to cover the cost of raw materials up by starting the third round of pcb downstream by 15%, plus the Corporate Information Update Report - Intra-capitalized copper slabs increase the price and give downstream transmission of the cost-end pressure with a modest increase in profitability.
A new five-year expansion plan was launched. The epidemic led to the continuation of the consumer electronic transfer order, the re-launch of base station communications operations in March, and the recovery of automobile-type products as a whole, which strongly supported the increase in prices.
Corporate Information Update - q3 Quarterly Profit Slows Growth to Consider Optimization of Copperboard Product Structures Prices of raw materials; Research and development of new items of the company is not proceeding as fast as expected
Corporate First Cover Report - Proficient, Proficient, Promising the Cycle of Copperheads