Short-term price disruptions are having a low impact on IT technology hardware and equipment, and high-end card power has opened a new path: in 2020, companies achieved business income of $14,687 million, an increase of 10.92 per cent.
Short-term disruptions to performance are dissipating, with attention to product price increases and the steady release of raw materials. In 2020, even as a result of the epidemic, the demand for some of the electronic segmented markets did not fall.
The output and sales of the film have increased by the same amount (104 million square metres of copper sheet production, +12.99 per cent of the year, 103 million square metres of the year, +10.1 per cent of the year, 140 million metres of glue production, and rising, with income reaching nearly $4 billion in the fourth quarter.
The negative impact of the rise in prices of raw materials and the delay in raising prices for corporate products has been a decline in the third quarter and in gross equity/flow (million shares) in the same and ring ratios for the fourth quarter of the quarter.
In the first quarter of this year, although upstream raw materials have continued their upward trend, they are expected to become companies as a result of rising downstream demand, continued to thrive, companies began to transmit upward pressure through price increases for their own products and, in terms of long-term dimensions, current product price increases and future price booms for raw materials.
Create a time-limited profit-making repair window, by which time the company's performance elasticity will be enhanced by high technology and material formulations, e.g. energy release + product structure optimization, communications landscape, strategic position high-end copper coatings, and enhanced growth properties.
Growth Three Elements - 2020/02/20 Competition Barriers, more concentrated market patterns than overall copper board market patterns applied to high-end areas such as high frequency, high speed, hdi board, high tg vehicle loader and sealing boards, and currently
The core players are still predominantly European, American, and Japanese companies, and domestic capital is in a state of catch. Currently, the in-house capital pcb manufacturer has achieved technological breakthroughs and successful output in several of the above-mentioned areas. For up-and-up copper-boarders, there is a trend to nationalize high-end panels for downstream pcb and end-users.
The company’s research and development investment during the reporting period has been concentrated in high-speed communications with super-low heat-resistance, loss of corroded copper, non-halogen high-performance hdi coatings, high-density sealing boards with overcoppers, and high-density seals.
Lowdk&df does not move semi-stabilized tablets, high-priced cacticem-3 products, etc. The technological accumulation of such high-end cards, as well as subsequent customer certification and volume of output, will effectively upgrade the company's certification code:
The company has started building a two-stage project with a capacity of 11.4 million square metres of copper and 36 million metres of glue, with high and medium tg-high, non-halogen-four, five and fiveg communications high in product location.
Short-term price disturbances are having a lower impact, high-end card hair opening up a completely new route, product and consumer electronics, cars, smart terminals, high-level, medium tg fr-4 and non-halogen fr-4 coatings and glue chips, 2.6 million square metres per year.
The project is also progressing steadily, and its final landing will help to improve the product structure of the company, the income from high-end copper cards is expected to improve effectively, the competitiveness of the company and its performance elasticity are expected to be further enhanced.
The construction of the site has not progressed as expected; (3) the additional capacity has not climbed as expected.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.