Awrynyowned subdiaryofchinamerchantsbank shengyitechnology (600183ch)
Buy (maintain) 4q20misslower5gandcostpressure; targetprice
Expact Gradualgpmrecovery1h21e (previoustp rmb33.69)
I'm not sure if I'm the only one who's going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
We believe that it's true that we're not going to be able to do anything about it, and we believe that it's true that we're not going to do anything about it, that we're not going to do anything about it, that we're not going to be able to do anything about it, that we're not going to do anything about it, that we're not going to do anything about it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it, that we're going to do it.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, but I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know, maginwillgraduallyimproveinfy21e. capacityexpansionofprepreprepregregandcltodrivefuturerowth.shengyi announcedanewprojectlastweektoadd11.4mnsqmcapabilityforccl
I don't know what you're talking about.
Togeneratermb1,319m/143mnrevenue/netprofiteachyear.thenew shareperformance projectswillcoverhdi, 5gcommunications, consummeriques, auto
I don't know what you're talking about, and wearables.webelieveitwillhelpshengytodiversifyrevenuesources dancelerateexpansionintoconsumereclecticsandautomobilemarkets.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got the money, but you're the only one who's got the money.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
china5gtechnology- Pickingstructural winnersamiduncertainties; initiateat source: companydata, bloomberg, cmsistimates
4q20view figure 2: 4q20resourcesreview service: companydata, bloomberg, & bisestimats
Forecastrevisation service: companydata, & bisestimates source: companydata, & bisestimats
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, wetrimmedourtptorm29.45 badonsame30xfy21ep/e, inlinewith1-1-year Historicforward/e. webeliathisijestustustestastocksbeenmosttradingon giveventhat1)nextphaseof5gtendersbelievetoresoumon, 2) gpmwillimproveas
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do this, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Orisser; and (2) nopartofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe, directlynordirectly, relattothepicviewsexressedbythatanalyst inthisreport.besides, theanalystconfirstothertheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefininedin thecodeofconductissed by thehonkongsecuities)
It's not like I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm gonna do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I's.
I'm sorry, coveredinthisreport.
:stockisnotradedbycms outperform mark-perform
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thevalueof, andreturnsfrom, anyinvestanightgueranteedandmayfluctuateasalesultooftheirdepandenceontheperformanceofforceofforceofforceofforceofforceofunderunderlifeliferablemarketactors. andbisremendsthatavers
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're going to be in a state of emergency, you're going to have to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency, and you're going to be in a state of emergency.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The publicsreflection has a different meaning. These publics have a different meaning, point-of-viewandanalytical methhodswhencompiliation.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do something about it.
I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know what I'm talking about.
If you're not going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it for yourself, or (ii) the arepersons fallingwithinarticle49 (2) (a) to (d) ("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.") on theorder, andmaynotberovidetoanotherperson without thepriorwrittenconsentof bis.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
Qualifiedasareresearchorchannalystwith the financialindustryregularyothority("finra"). Thenalysissnotsubjecttoapplicablereformactionsunderfinera rulesintendredtoenstaintainttheanalysisnotaffefedbypotentyconfactorssointeresthattesointerestcouverbenstaliabilityofotheressearchreport.thisreport isintendendedfordstoration: Nationalized stateto"majusinsitutionalinvestors" asdefinindine15a-6undertheus, secritiesexchhangeactof
1934, asamended, andmaynotbefursenttoanyotherpersons.eachmajorusinstitutionalinvestor atreceivescopofthisreport byatsacceptancehereofofofofoftysreportsandandandadethathatsallnottyorprovidethisreporttoanyotherpersons.anyu.s.reccipitofthisreportwishishing to effecutanytransactionstobuyorselssetdiesbesontheinformationprovidindustsordoworldworldlythroughau.s.-regiedsterbroker-dealer.
Forcificentsofthisdocumentinsingapore thisreportisistributedinsingaporeby(singapore)pte.limited(cmbisg) (companyregn.no.20173228d), anexemptfinancialadviseras definedinthefinancialadvisersact(cap.110) ofsingaporeandregulaedbythemonetaryauthorityofsapore. and bisgmaydriboteportsproduced
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do it again.
I don't know, extraquiredbylaw.singaporecipientssoultactandbisgat+65635004400formattersarisingfrom, orinconneactionwithotherport.