A new five-year expansion plan was launched by the in-house copper slab.
• The steady growth of domestic copper-plate producers, the global competitive pattern of “one-on-one” buy-in ratings maintained, given the profitability elasticity of recent copper-plate increases and the clarity of the company's planning for a new five-year expansion cycle, I, the pioneer manufacturer, was boosted by short- and medium- and long-term price increases for the fr-4 product, the electronicization of new energy vehicles and cars
Promoting the upgrade of the coatings and the high-speed high-frequency overlaying of the 5g applications, which has led to increased traffic, is a trend in the industry, taking into account the increased profitability associated with the optimal structure of the company's products, and maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
11 million square metres per year, 24 million metres of stickers, proposed investment of $945 million in this wheel extension project, of which $641 million was spent on equipment (with 40 million in environmental equipment), $18.9 million on plant and fire-fighting facilities, $115 million in floor flow capital to build 11.4 million square metres per year.
Millions of yuan, with a net profit of 143 million yuan. The second phase of the project foresees a new five-year expansion plan for the company, with an annual output growth of 54.45 per cent, and we believe that the capacity plan launched in 2022 in this round is expected to sustain the rate of expansion in the previous period. See Prismark, for example, in 2019, the company’s share in the world’s rigid copper sheet market was 12 per cent.
With the launch of a new five-year plan, companies will catch up with 14% of the world’s leading producers. • Keep an eye on profits in the short term, and long-term corporate business models will shift from product supply to application program services.
The higher demand for automobile-type products, the higher share of thick copper-plate products suitable for the power of new energy vehicles and the properties of large currents, the slower pace of growth, the better viewing of the optimized structure of copper-plate products, the higher supply pressure and the higher cost of processing corporate-owned copper-plate products.
Car-mm wave radar technology, with the introduction of car-mm wave 77ghz products, will provide a comprehensive solution in the future.
Increase in the price of raw materials; company research and development of new products is not as advanced as expected