Innovative Technology and Business Services Research Centre Launched Phase Two, Investment Rhythm Matching Industry Development.
Probability analysis report for the copper plate and 36 million m sticker project, to be based on the COMSTECH Ltd., for the implementation of major expansion of capacity, the current project product is positioned in the high- and medium-tg halogen-free fr-4 and 5g communications area with high-speed products and consumer-type electronics, automobiles, smart terminals, wearables, etc.
High-, medium-tg fr-4 and non-halogen fr-4 coatings for products, as well as stickers. Advanced equipment packages, high-performance products are expected to enhance profitability.
The project proposes to introduce the world's most advanced suite of production equipment, primarily targeting the hdi, high-speed, etc., from the executive-benefit technology event stocktaking, 2. " Māori rates continue to be high and the high-end penetration logic persists. "
$US 143 million, equivalent to net interest rate of 10.84 per cent, compared to the company ' s disclosure of revenue from 2020h1 suzhou (100 per cent interest in Sioux State) from operating income of $1,192 million and $91.4824 million, resulting in 3. q1 deductions from the mother + 53 per cent, with Māori at a market rate of 1 per cent
In terms of the net interest rate of 7.68%, the PLP II project is expected to contribute to higher profitability. The pace of investment matches industry trends.
5. " Performance meets expectations, strong demand and expansion effects will be due to the fact that the main application area for high-speed products based on corporate positioning is the server area, and the server platform will be from whitley between the second half of 2022 and 2023, as planned by the server ' s cpu flagship, Intel
The material will be bigger, and if we're to take over the high-end high-speed material market, we need enough capacity to support it, and the company's production planning pace is right in line with the industry's development, so we think the company's strategy is far-reaching.
In the short term, 20q4 and 21q1 companies continue to shift upward pressure on materials downstream, and the ring is expected to improve on profitability; in the long run, companies are ahead of technology and have a clear strategic plan, and it is expected that Liu Yeon-sue will be achieved in the light of the trend of national production substitution.
The demand for liuyanxue@gjzq.com.cn is not as high as expected; the increase in the price of materials leads to a decline in profit margins; the net profit of subsidiary parentage is diluted.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment