Europa Homes (603833.sh) Super-expected growth of cabinets and stronger leadership Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
In the first three quarters of 2017, the company achieved an increase in revenue from operating income, operating profits and belonging to publicly listed companies, but affected the overall increase in profitability. In the first three quarters, the company experienced a high increase in revenue (+37.20%), and the Māori rate was affected by the introduction of the preferential package, a decline of 2.39 pt. to 2.39 pt.
The Europa's semi-annual review of 2017 - “Three Horses I. Cost rates have fallen by 0.92 pc., 0.31 pc. and 0.07 pc. respectively.
Since the beginning of the year, the company has been working to strengthen the end of the cabinet, accelerating the layout of the two-brand network, Europa and Opri. At the beginning of the second half of the year, the company began to strengthen the cabinets.
Business terminal currents, update sales strategy to promote high-value star-blowing packages, three-quarter business earnings, production, anchoring of the fleet, 2017.5.18, a key point for the upgrade, especially after this year's high-intensity ipo, accelerated concentration.
The company’s timely innovation and restructuring of its core business not only responded positively to the changes in competition in the current market, but also further consolidated its leader’s market position after the effects of the changes became apparent. For the company’s fastest growing business in recent years, a three-quarter growth rate of 63.36% was achieved.
The rapid growth of the company’s closet business has benefited, on the one hand, from newer products and services, better marketing, branding, and, on the other hand, from the first-ever "Corning Together" model in the business. At present, the company’s "Corning Together" model has become the leading pole in the industry, and it has taken the lead this year.
(8621) 60935563 Launched home-wide custom-made packages are the object of competition. It is through continuous optimization of the closet business at the marketing end that the company ' s revenue grew by 40.45% per quarter, which is now disclosed.
The three-quarterly custom-made home-based business that grew the fastest. The sub-brand O’Hara broke out quickly, and the two-brand development model deepened.
Chustya's brand name, Ophori, is designed to quickly open up and quickly take over the low- and middle-end market of home brands. At the moment, he's done more than 100 offers, the cabinets and everyone's doors are being opened steadily, with the provincial capital and two or three.
Cable cities are dominated and cover some of the 4th and 5th-class cities. At the same time, Ophori has launched a completely new image of logo and subject, has regulated the end-of-end Ophori noodles, and has expanded the market space through large-scale marketing activities, gradually creating new businesses in the low-to-low, rejuvenate branding field.
We believe that, relying on the company's existing competitive resources, “Opery” has a pre-competitive advantage over other customized brands, that “Eurasian” and “Operani” will have an interactive client flow effect, and that the dual growth pole model is gradually deepening, and that the subsequent revenue pull effect will become more evident.
In terms of marketing, companies continue to promote and refine the use of information software in new marketing models, improve the overall design skills of end designers, level the level of services, and increase transaction rates, client unit values, and service satisfaction.
Reconstructing manufacturing systems such as wcc smart 3d billing systems, upgrading the production cycle management of plm products, etc. The seamless interface between current marketing and manufacturing software across the business process. With corporate optimization, key indicators such as the timely delivery of orders and per capita delivery efficiency have improved well.
In-depth collaboration with ibm, Siemens, oracle, and other international advanced information technology companies. At present, the plant has achieved data visualization, full process monitoring of the production chain, effective reduction of errors in orders, and production efficiency.
In view of the fact that the company's ipo is on the market to expand the overall capacity of the closets, the company continues to improve the “all-house” industry, the layout of the wooden door and sub-brand business, and new performance growth is taking shape. We maintain the public.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations: Risks of rising cost of raw materials: growth of income from “all-person” shops is not expected and information is not built as expected.
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.