q3 performance has been increasing at a high rate, looking at a home-wide customized development space Europa (603833) Tri-quarterly report rating in 2017, representing an increase of 37.20 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, $945 million, representing an increase of 32.17 per cent in the same year.
The performance of the previous three quarters continued to grow at a rapid rate of 24 per cent and 63 per cent, respectively, for cooking and clothing. The company increased 37 per cent over the previous three quarters, 32 per cent over the previous quarter, q3 over the same quarter, 41 per cent over the same period, 31 per cent over the same period, and performance continued to grow at a rapid rate.
The revenue from the container business grew by 24.12 per cent over the year, while the revenue from the closet business increased by 63.36 per cent over the same period.The Maori rate fell by 2.38 pct in the previous three quarters, owing to factors such as the rise in raw materials and the expansion of the production base.
The Unit compares with the trend of Deep 300: (1) Europeans grew by 20 per cent in the first half of the year, with 61 new cities added to the list, and 65 new stores added to the list. Europeans focus on integrating all of the company's goods, providing one for their clients.
The site-wide custom-made furniture solution is expected to be a driving force for sustained growth. (2) During the first half of the year, each of us successfully recruited nearly 100 companies, mainly the provincial capital and the second and third-line city, covering a number of 4th and 5th-class cities, with 144 shops and 694 cabinets, gradually forming medium and low.
This year, the company launched a new business model in the area of brand rejuvenation.
The 835 persons responsible, middle management and core technical (operational) personnel were completed at the end of June this year. Through the introduction of a restrictive equity incentive scheme, the company effectively linked shareholder interests, corporate interests and core team personal interests, and also demonstrated management confidence in the company ' s development prospects and performance growth.
The company is a leading company in the custom furniture industry, and we're looking at the consolidation of the `clear +' business strategy for the corporate industry, the integration of the whole group, and the future of O'Shea's business at the middle and low end of the market.
1. The semi-annual review of Europa (603833) 2017: rapid growth in performance, closets, Opulian growth, increased competition in the industry: 2, higher prices of raw materials: 3, downside of real estate sales.
Quick Performance Review: High and sustained profit growth, closets, outstanding income contribution. Tsen 170804, M.A. in Technical Economics, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, light industry and listed companies.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.