In the first three quarters, the company accumulated $6.9 billion, an increase of 37.2 per cent, and in the net return of $945 million, an increase of 32.17 per cent.
▪ Higher income growth than expected and higher income structure performance.Svan can drop 4.35 pct, showing a slight impact of real estate regulation on the income end, but the rate of increase is still in operation.
Customized cabinet operations are over-expected. 1) q3 performance is increasing faster. The cabinet operations are expected to reach close to $4 billion in January-September this year, an increase of 24.12 per cent compared to the 24.12 per cent; of this, over $1.7 billion in the first quarter of the three quarters, compared with the increase.
2) Customized cabinet business has accelerated in three quarters. On the one hand, when the cabinet line has changed, it continues to operate on the retail side with end optimization and talent development outputs (the Yellow Pod Plan + the Career Partnership Scheme) and product innovation (the five main systems of the cabinet + 5 systems); on the other hand, it has further strengthened its work with the real estate.
Businesses work together to speed up business layouts for major business areas; Billion, q3-quarter income is close to 100 million, and the trend towards faster growth is clear. As an Euro-based family, O’Harley is now under the flag of a soft brand and entering into a business-change integration phase after a fast start in 2016.
Along with the smooth running of Oprah's cabinet and Oprah's business, future single-store profitability is expected to continue on a fast-growing path, with the number of doors expected to reach about 1,000 in the year. 4) The bulk of the business is moving steadily, policy ahead, and the big one. The company has been growing since the beginning of the year.
The business sector continues to work, and the growth rate of major businesses is expected to continue at the first half of the year in January-September, and the overall opening of the terminal retail market is on the rise. On the other hand, the policy direction is clear. Since this year, Beijing, Hainan, Jinan, Chengdu and many other provinces and cities have emerged.
It is imperative that the policy of adding new rooms to the stock market, the company’s aggressive position as the leader of custom-made households, and the establishment of a comprehensive strategic partnership with the company’s leading real estate companies. Customized closets perform steadily, continuing to outpace their peers.
1) q3 performances continue to be excellent. The closet business is expected to have more than 2 billion people in January-September of this year, about 63% + and to have remained stable at the rate of the first half of the year; the net increase in the number of doors in January-September is close to 380, and everyone is in the forefront of the strategy.
2) Multiple sets of meals/new items to meet client needs.
Requiring, a series of nine new products has been developed to cover the six main spaces; 3) The effect of the “cooking suits” is expected to increase further.
The cross-dress flow is expected to increase further, with the combined effects expected from about 50 per cent of the water available 4. Europa home: the industry is huge, the sails rise and the Māori rate fluctuates slightly and remains relatively good in the industry.
The company’s strong push in q3 and O’Hara’s business has had an impact on the Maori rate.
The two rates for the season are 1.33 pct below the same rate for the same period, which is a sufficient indication of the dominant company’s size advantage, the excellent marketing model under the “tree theory” culture, and cost-management policies.  net interest rates have steadily increased, with q3 having the highest level of profitability in a single season.
The net interest rate of the company as a whole was 13.67% in January-September, and the net interest rate of the q3 quarter, while falling by 1.25 pct to 17.51% over the same period last year, was the highest in the custom-based household sector;
In addition to the steady growth of retail end-markets, the Europeans, as industry leaders, have actively developed deep cooperation with prominent real estate firms to match trends and national policy orientations. Given that large business accounts run for more than 6 to 9 months, the net operating cash flow of companies has decreased by 31.67 per cent on a year-on-year basis to a higher level of receivables. Moreover, in the context of the price volatility of raw materials in the first half of the year, companies have adjusted their payments to upstream suppliers in order to target risks.
In July, the company announced 30 June as its award date, awarding about 5.5 million restricted shares to 835 incentive recipients to make profit predictions and investment proposals. Given the company’s dominance in the area of cabinet operations, and the rapid expansion of multi-products, it is expected that the company East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, will have a portfolio investment advisory.