The growth of Europa homes has been strong and the final advantage has been enhanced The company has published three quarterly reports, which generated operating revenues of $6.9 billion in the first three quarters of 17 years, an increase of 37.2 per cent over the same period;
The net profit on shareholder ownership was 940 million yuan, an increase of 32.2 per cent over the same period, of which three quarters achieved business income and a faster growth in the cabinet business. The company grew 24.1 per cent in the first three quarters, compared to the first half of the year, when the company built a package design from the cabinet plus the living system, with a single price and retail order.
The increase over the increase and the increase in the season indicates that the company’s products have increased its competitiveness at the end of the retail retail retail sales home. The closet business has been growing at a high rate. The company’s closet business grew by 63.4% in the previous three quarters, roughly in line with the 63.2% increase in the previous six months, and the closet business has been growing at a high rate, and we estimate the order.
2. The delayed impact of real estate remains;3 the company ' s 19,800 custom-made whole-house package addresses the pains of the industry ' s high prices and lack of transparency, resulting in good market effects;4 the company ' s improved client experience through full life cycle customization and service model transformation;5 and the start-up of the integration of the garment door.
The Māori ring ratio has increased. The company has 36.5% Māori in the third quarter, and although the same ratio has decreased due to last year ' s high base, the ring has increased over the second quarter, and we believe that it is mainly a scale effect and original material.
The growth in corporate operating and management costs has also decreased with scale, with net interest rates reaching 13.7 per cent in the previous three quarters, a slight decrease from last year, making profits less rapid than revenues.
The company has also made steady progress. The business has grown steadily, with a full-house suite model of 179,800, opening up a full-house suite competition model, and the second-line city of Ophori, which has opened up a caller as the group's second brand, earning over a million dollars in the first half of the year, rejuvenation and low-to-medium.
The end-user group has a seat in it. House-wide customization has not expanded as expected, and the real estate cycle has regressed.
Corporate ownership, O'Shealy, the information-based Three Horses One strategy, the rapid expansion of the class, and the firm's ability to use brands, channels, and operating advantages to achieve a deep melting of closet doors.
Together, there is a continuous expansion of home-wide customization operations.
Zhao Xiao Jian Jian