Europa Home 603833 light-manufacturing cabinets are growing faster, closets perform better, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Three quarterly reports issued by the company resulted in a gain of $6.9 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 37.2 per cent in the same year, a net gain of $940 million for the mother, an increase of 32.2 per cent in the same year, of which q3 achieved a gain of $3.03 billion, an increase of 40.5 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $530 million for the mother, an increase of 31.2 per cent in the same year, and an over-expected performance.
The cabinets are growing robustly, the closets are performing well, and the cost is subject to rising raw materials prices. 1) The company's collectors are to contribute from the closets and closets. As the home approaches the season and the O'Hara brand expands further, public yoy 19.3%) other product groups continue to expand and drive the company's performance, with custom closet operations continuing.
There has been a continued high growth, with the custom closet revenue of 2017q1-q3 rising by 63.4% on a year-on-year basis, well above the average in the custom closet industry. In the channel area, 2,819 cabinets (2125 Euros and 694 Europolis) have been opened, and the closet has grown to 1765 (+371), with new bathrooms and wooden door dealers.
(ii) Higher prices of raw materials put pressure on companies, combined with a significant increase of 342.1 per cent in other advance payments, which are lower than those for cabinet products at the beginning of the period, mainly due to the increased availability of raw materials in the company, both to cope with the high-growth demand for orders and to help companies resist the risk of the continued rise in raw materials;
With the continued improvement in the scale effect and the degree of informatization, the fall in corporate cost rates, sales cost rates and management costs, respectively, have fallen slightly by 0.9 pct and 0.3 pct, respectively, and the overall cost rate has fallen to 19.2 per cent (oy-1.3 pct) over the period, with stock turnover faster than in the previous half of the year and overall operational management capacity being optimized.
The pace of extension of the product + industrial chain has accelerated, and investment companies have been set up to make room for imagination. 1) The company is the fastest and longest-extended industry leader in custom furniture, and the main product now contains nine major product categories, basic material.
On 27 September of that year, the company issued a public announcement to set up a fully-owned subsidiary, Euro-Mexican Investments Ltd., with a capital of $1 billion, with a view to achieving vertical connectivity in the upstream supply chain and downstream channels, reducing the risk of volatile material prices from the source, and horizontally, with a view to achieving a fast layout of multi-products, future soft-chains, soft-loading chains,
1. Europa Homes (603833): Multi-symmetry, mapping, etc., of the design chain, providing room for imagination of the market share of the whole industry chain for the marchers.
Profit forecasting and valuation: As the closet Euphoria moves into its release period, multi-species layouts continue to thrive, performance will reach the firm as the leader in the custom furniture industry, with performance rates that are much higher than industry averages, and should benefit from valuation spillovers due to no, no, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.