On November 09, 2021, the new trinity of the car released the coin and the pcb.
We expect the whole car industry to be back on its way, with the chip shortage alleviated, while the new triming of the new energy-car fleet accelerates penetration, the pure power ratio continues to rise, with new cars of class 12+l3 reaching 50% in 2025, and new vehicles of class C-v2x end-loading reaching 50%. We estimate that China's vehicle pcb space is expected to reach 43.37 billion yuan in 2025, and the copper-plate space.
• Profiling technology: Copperboard lead business, pcb contributing to the core increase, company for the old copper captor business, which opened pcb's second major business in 2013 with the acquisition of electronics. Company farming for dozens of miles within industry, operating robustly, and accumulating. Copperboard-level high-speed products with a wide range of alternatives to national production.
As a core supplier on the continent, it is expected that the market will be opened up by the quality of the hard product, the pcb level downstream, the unit compared to the depth of 300, the market layout is extensive, communications, servers, car electronics, consumer electronics, etc., are all in the same field.
The company’s roe and other key business indicators have a significant advantage over its peers, while actively giving back to shareholders. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The global e-market was measured at $2.5 trillion in 2023, and capr at 5.8% in 2020-2023, with automobiles and electronics going to grow from $225.0 billion in 2020 to $303 billion in 2023, and cagr at about 10.4%, which is a significant increase in speed compared to other domains. The company is five major players in smart network connections, smart driving, smart cabins, smart electric power, lights, etc.
In the case of spare parts, there are product layouts, and production is expected to benefit fully from the industrial development dividends of the second phase, Jiangsu phase, Gian phase I, Jiangxi phase III, and the second phase of the second phase, which is often completed.2 In cooperation with China, companies are expected to accelerate the replacement and pcb is ready for release. China has only 20 per cent of high-frequency high-speed copper overflows.
On the other hand, alternative space for high-end domestic products is still relatively large: the pcb area is the top consumer of electronics from 2017 to the present. It is recommended that attention be paid to the progress of cooperation between follow-up companies and China in the areas of telecommunications and automobile electronics.
The divisional averaged 26x in 2021, and we believe that there is still much room for corporate valuation. The `recommended' rating is maintained. Downstream demand is not as high as expected: higher prices for raw materials are expected and cost transfer is not as high as expected: plant start process is not as expected.
2. Industry depth study: smart network penetration accelerated, politics increased the power to fly, cars accelerated with new triads released and pcb demand released.
In 2021, China’s car market, which has suffered from short-term car chips, was generally better off, with wide-ranging bulk sales in the first three quarters of 2021 amounting to 1,4488,000 vehicles, or +11.1 per cent, with the future associated with the expansion of major chip manufacturers and adjustments in production planning, the impact of the lack of cores on the automobile industry is expected to slow down, and the total volume of production is expected to rise.
The power-driven dimension: 1, the accelerated penetration of new energy sources and rapid growth. The penetration rate of new energy vehicles continued to rise, with 2.0223 million vehicles distributed in the third quarter of 2021, compared with +218.9 per cent in the previous quarter, and an increase of 11.1 per cent in the total number of new energy vehicles. The penetration rate was 13.6 per cent, well above the 4.7 per cent penetration rate for the same period in 2020.
In the last three quarters, a total of 16,811,000 vehicles, or 83.3 per cent, were produced, driven by a new triage of the automobile industry from 2019 to 78.4 per cent in 2020 and 80.3 per cent in 2020. The country’s automobile electronics sector grew at a high rate. The size of the electronics market grew from $27,1.6 billion in 2012 to $72 billion in 2019, with a 14.9 per cent increase in cagr. The high rate of growth in the industry was dominated by downstream cars.
The new trio of the industry has led to: 1) the replacement of the engine and associated mechanical control systems of the traditional fuel vehicles by the new energy car three electrical system ... provides a better platform for the application of car electronics: 2) smart network cars are a combination of artificial intelligence, 5g, car networking, new perceptions, etc., and technological changes have contributed to an increase in the electronic cost of the entire vehicle; 3) the electronic cost of electric vehicles is significant.
Meanwhile, the country’s new energy car production from 2014 to 2020 reached 39.84%, far higher than the overall increase in the automobile industry, and also provided sound downstream support for the development of automobile electronics. The development of a new triad of cars has gradually brought a higher demand for upstream raw materials, pcb, and the performance of the overcrackers.
The pcb transition from simple double panels, 4-6 floors, higher degree of integration, smaller hdi, and higher requirements for heat-resistance, durability, and longevity of the coatings. Traditional double and multilayers are being phased out, subject to the technical limitations of conventional mechanical drills and poor environmental protection.
Significant decline to 45%, with Hdi boards, radio frequency boards and flexible boards more connected to the smart car network reaching 11.5%, 7.0%, and 15.0%, respectively. Hdipcb is usually used for auto information systems, gps systems, vehicle communications systems, etc., and is therefore responsible for signal transmission and extensive control functions of cars; radio frequency panels are used mainly for adas millimetre wave radar sensors, auxiliary cars, etc.
Drive safety and reduce collision damage: Flexible panels, because of their enormous advantages in light, thin, bendable, can be used in nearly 30 parts, such as the body dashboard, abs pressure sensing, oil pressure sensors, temperature sensors, etc. We believe that, with the further increase in car smart network penetration, future hdi, radio frequency panels, flexible panels will gradually be released.
1. The value of conventional vehicle vehicle pcb is about $520: global pcb was $61.34 billion in 2019, and vehicle pcb was about 11.2 per cent of total pcb output, about $6.87 billion, equivalent to about $47.380 billion. The global total of vehicles was about 91.8 million in 2019. The value of conventional vehicle pcb was approximately $520 (of which the global new energy vehicle in 2019).
New vehicle sales accounted for less than 2 per cent.2 The value of the pcb bicycles, which is considered only for electric motorization, is about $2,000: the whole car controller vcu, the electrical controller mcu, the battery management system bms are the three core modules of the new energy motor control system and are not contained in conventional fuel cars.
The pcb value used by and mcu is about $150, bms is used heavily for pcb, and process requirements are high, with a vehicle value of $1,500 or more, and three modules will result in a single vehicle pcb value increase of around $2,000.
The number of sensors, such as millimetre-wave radars, ultrasound radars, laser radars, etc., varies widely and, according to the Chairman of Bomi Electronics, estimates that the value of the additions will exceed $1,000, which we estimate on the basis of $1,000.4 The value of the coating plates is about 35% of the pcb on board: according to the compost data, the coating board is the core material of the downstream pcb.
On the basis of the above data and assumptions, we estimate that in 2025 we will be able to reach 43.77 billion yuan in e-pcb demand space in China’s market.
In 2025, the amount of space needed for car electronics in the Chinese market was expected to reach 15.32 billion yuan, compared to 2019 for pcb, car cover, 13.178 billion yuan for copper and 4.61 billion yuan, and 22.2 per cent for cagr between 2019 and 2025 for large and rapidly growing areas.
2.1 The company was established in 1985 and placed on the market in 1998. The company is a deep-seated copper-plate business with a state-owned Enterprise Technology Centre and a national electronic circuit base.
From 2014 to the present, the sales of the company ' s copper-plate business have continued to be the second largest in the world. After more than 30 years of development, the company has been certified by a number of so-called management systems and has been certified by the United States and Germany for medium-sized multinational security in Germany, and has continued to be active in areas such as high-speed high-frequency base materials, miniled, and has responded positively to downstream pcb demand, driving internal innovation and optimization.
The company’s equity structure is concentrated, with Guangdong’s new holdings being the company’s first major shareholder. Guangdong Province’s Guangzhou New Holdings Group Ltd. holds 22.79% of the shares, with Togashi City’s State Hiro Investment Company Ltd., Weihua Electronics Ltd. and Hong Kong’s Central Clearing House Ltd.
The company is positioned as a medium-to-high-end copper plate and pcb supplier, which is located in the middle of the industrial chain as a whole. The company conducts product research and development driven by customer demand, purchases raw materials, such as wood pulp, bovine veils, from upstream suppliers and produces them for downstream pcb manufacturers or self-produced pcb products, and then sells them further to downstream producers in the areas of communications equipment, automobile electronics, consumer electronics, etc.
Corporate copper sheet products are rich in variety and wide range of applications. Conventional rigid products cover different panels and specifications such as fr-4, cem-3, which can be used in areas such as communications equipment, electronics, household appliances, etc.; automobile products meet high reliability requirements for automobile electronics (mainly high pressure, caf, cold heat shocks); radio frequency and microwave series are high-frequency coatings in the field of communications (e.g. base stations, home appliances).
Satellite antennas, etc.) have a wide range of applications; metal-based panels and high-conductor heat series are non-halogenated and high cti products, dominated by aluminium-based boards, used mostly for high heat transfer and radiation performance requirements, such as industrial electronics, car electrons, led lighting, etc.; 1c packaged products are used mainly for installation, fixation, sealing, protection chips, etc.: soft material products are dominated by scratched copper sheets and coating films, and are widely applied in 5g, vehicle-borne products
Areas such as modules; high-speed products are used mostly for servers; special products can be used for high-power integrated circuits and electrical equipment. Company pcb products benefit from the accumulation of electronics in medium-to-high-end pcb markets and from post-acquisition synergies and energy release, with full coverage of communication panels, network panels, computer panels, consumer electronic panels, and industrial-controlled medical panels, etc.
Intra-business recognition is high in terms of communications, auto electronics, consumer electronics, servers, etc., in collaboration with domestic and foreign headlines. 2.3 Business structures are constantly optimized, profitability is growing significantly Corporate corporate collections are on the rise, copper panels and pcb operations are on the rise. Corporate collections as a whole have increased steadily since 2011.
In 2013, companies acquired profits from electronics, and the income and share of the pcb business gradually increased, resulting in a completely new growth in company performance and a further optimization of the overall business structure.
In addition, the company’s pcb business share has increased significantly, and the growth logic has expanded downstream in the pcb area. On the income side, the company has ploughed deep into the domestic market, relying on the full-scale outbreak of the domestic 5g and its associated interconnections and the application of the ai product, and sales and price increases have contributed to income growth. On the cost side, the company has advanced its fine-tuning management, coupled with groupization.
Since 2011, corporate sales costs have remained below 2 per cent, financial costs below 2.5 per cent, funds have been working faster and cash flows are good; and management costs have remained at 10 per cent.
So, in 2018, it grew faster, mainly because the company built a completely new equipment information management system and reconstructed the srm system, which either promoted business processes and effectiveness by means of informatization. The company’s net return profits rose from 450 million yuan in 2011 to 1681 million yuan in 2020, with cagr reaching 15.8 per cent; downstream demand warming has reached 1,415 million yuan, compared to 71.31 per cent.
Three companies have made steady progress, consolidating their leading position on the basis of the quality of their products, and 3.1 has made steady progress in keeping with downstream demand to rationalize the layout of their products.
According to the Department’s officials, downstream communications currently account for about 20%, automobiles about 20%, servers about 5-8%, consumers and appliances about 15%, and industrial and medical aerospace about 10%. On the fr4-based product layout, the downstream market’s demand is precisely captured by the experience of nearly 40 years, but it is not blindly pursued for a certain area of market heat and diversification.
The downstream layout provides companies with good prejudicing and countercyclical resistance to risk. Looking through the company’s development journeys, we are moving steadily in complex situations. We pulled down orders and policy implications from the company’s single-quarter collection from 2003 to date.
There has been significant success in responding to changes in the areas of letters, consumer electronics, and domestic electricity. Corporate revenue has since been rising significantly overall, with high-frequency materials based on years of accumulation and 5g development taking advantage of the opportunities to achieve a major breakthrough in certification and sales, and to level the volatility of the industry as a whole.
With many years of experience, companies have stepped up their efforts to authenticate and promote new products, research and break through the technology associated with the millimetre-wave 77ghz radar, and expand future market reserve space. This initiative has helped the public administration to capture the trend of high demand for 2021h1 and high overall growth, with a yield ratio of +42.93%.
As a result of the downside of the automotive electronics industry, the overall market demand in the copper-plate industry has fallen. As a result of the fall in unit prices for products, there has been a decline in the production of domestic flagships, with firms pursuing an orderly expansion driven by innovation in research and development, seizing 5g opportunities based on a stable product structure, making deep outreach in the high-frequency high-speed and server areas, successfully staggering the down-cycle of the industry and achieving steady growth in the harvest.
3.2 The high-frequency high-speed ccl national production replacement space is larger, corporate products are highly recognized downstream, 3.2.1. The production of high-frequency high-speed national production replacement space is gradually moving to the mainland, China ' s overall sales and revenues are increasing, and production is gradually moving to mainland China.
The proportion of sales earnings in 2011 has continued to rise, rising from 47.7% in 2005 to 76.9% in 2020, with production moving gradually to mainland China. High-frequency high-speed products have a larger national production replacement space, and companies are now in the lead among mainland producers.
As an essential element of the electronics industry, we still rely to a greater extent on foreign-owned or foreign-owned plants. The high-frequency high-speed sector is still dominated by United States, Japanese, and Chinese-Taiwan, among others, and according to Prismark, in mid-2020.
The share of the global market for copper is only 7.3%, with high-speed companies occupying the highest position in mainland China, and high-frequency plants in mainland China, second only to Chinese and British technology. We believe that home-grown copper-clad enterprises still have vast national production alternatives, especially with high-frequency high-speed areas with significant potential for development, and look to the leading share to take the lead.
3.2.2. Corporate R & D leads the market, high-quality products provide price-fixing space. Corporation R & D inputs are several times higher than those of its peers, and R & D costs lead the front-continent manufacturer. In absolute terms, because of the cost of research and development in the continent's major copper-plating plants, the cost is 4.40%.
Over 15 years, the company's high-frequency high-speed field has achieved multiple series of layouts. The high-frequency copper board is used mainly for base stations, the antenna radio-frequency component of satellite communications, and the millimetre wave radar of vehicle-assisted driving; the high-speed copper sheet is used mainly in electrical circuits for equipment such as servers, switches, and routers. In 2007, the company embarked on the technical challenge of closing high-frequency high-speed base materials, and has now achieved multiple batches.
In the area of high-frequency coatings, the typical applications are base stations and satellite antennas, dominated by American and Japanese headlines, with a 90% share of the top five manufacturers of ptfe ccl worldwide. The global ptfe city has about 60-65% of the lead Rogers, the company scga series of high-frequency products with glass-coated radio frequency circuits reinforcing the ptfe cover, and the product df value is below Rogers' same series level, and it has been achieved.
Lower transmission losses; the dk value, while still below the Rogers product ceiling, still has a comparative advantage over continental manufacturers. High-speed coatings are mainly applied in the server sector, where the heat decomposition temperature for high-speed series of products is significantly higher than for other domestic firms, and output pcb is more reliable.
The comprehensive layout of high-speed materials, including mid-loss, ultra-lowlos, and the latest extremelowlos materials, has greatly enhanced the ability of companies to negotiate in the domestic market. Companies are highly recognized by downstream customers, and their product strength has increased their bargaining power.
In addition, after more than 20 years of “sophisticated management”, the company has developed an improved product control mechanism with a 99% success rate for copper sheets, creating brand advantages. A number of management systems have been adopted, certification and security certification, and technical cooperation with advanced end-users has been established over the years, including China, China, China, Apple, Nokia, etc.
Type of client, market recognition is much higher than peer, and the hard quality of the product opens up a downstream pricing space for the company. Annual launch of 6k monitor prodisplavxdr. Mainly using the miniled backlight structure: the use of miniled: 2021q3 new macbookpro was officially released in ipad pro and macbook.
The company developed yellow-resistant and ageing-resistant backboards for the exclusive client Apple, the current highest-level material on the white base of the minired backboard, which has been produced in large quantities. The process of the miniled plate is difficult to achieve with high reflectivity and high heat radiation, requiring a value of tg above 180°C, and the company's wlm1 coating can meet this stringent requirement.
This is basically a Japanese flagship in this field. Apples require a high degree of cleaning and impurity, almost as close as a wrapping industry, and the company is one of the two major suppliers of Appleminiled, and the materials on the line are directly certified by Apples. 3.3 pcb downstream applications are fully covered and become the second driving force of company growth.
For more than 30 years, the production of electronics in the field of communications covers access to networks, carrier networks, core networks, etc. Communications panels require strict reliability, electrical performance, thermal performance and product quality requirements for the printing circuit boards and require product useful lives of more than 10 years, certification of the supplier of printed circuit boards and high entry thresholds.
4g copper-breeding products, 5g multichannel high-frequency high-speed heat-distribution products, etc., and the company ' s 64-channel aau product based on high-frequency, high-speed materials is the core product of the 5g wireless station. The network-level 5g product increases the rate of transmission of data signals from 25 gbps to 56 gbps, imposing stricter requirements for resistance, loss, etc. The core network company focuses on high-speed and high-density demand for the product.
The use of deep microblind technology on high-speed panels, high-speed and high-speed integration, has enabled end-users to process the products. The company ' s products are now available to meet the needs of different clients, different products, and the overall product structure is more mature. The company ' s current communications equipment clients, including China, Nakaru, Nokia, Samsung and Fire Communications, are now well-known domestic and international companies, as described above.
One of the main suppliers to the client. In the high end, for example, China has now fully demonstrated the firm’s hard-tech power through certified manufacturers of only shares, deep south circuits, beads, and profit-making electronics.The high technical threshold of vehicle-mounted electronics, long validation cycles, and higher requirements for upstream raw materials. 1. Reliability requirements
Higher: a comparison of the failure rate of three-thousandths of electron consumption. Automobile electron failure rates ranged from one-millionth to one-billionth: 2; more stringent work environment requirements: auto electron requirements remain high accuracy and accuracy under harsh environmental conditions (highly low temperature, humidity, vibration, etc.): 3, longer duration of authentication: automobile electron needs to pass a series of stringent certifications ... including aec-q100/101/200,
In addition to meeting the customer's special certification requirements, a relatively stable and continuous cooperative relationship can be formed once entering the entire garage supply chain system. Therefore, we believe that, based on the concerns of downstream auto parts and components manufacturers about the stability of their own production, upstream raw materials manufacturers will enter automobile electronics once they enter the car.
The company’s products are widely used in the electronic area of automobiles and have been cut into multiple core tier1 suppliers. The company’s pcb products are now cut into auto safety, control and high-end entertainment systems, electric energy management systems, autopilot sensors, and dräximaier.
Group (De Cosmere), stoneridge, inc. (Ishiton Riggy), Zorinergroup (Jugen Electronic), harman internationalindustries (Haman International Group Ltd.), Zhejiang Smart Control Co. Ltd., etc., end up using new products from famous brands such as Tesla, Porsche and BMW.
Servers and consumer electronics are configured and cut into core client groups in various fields. Network communications and data transmissions continue to develop higher requirements for pcb in the direction of high-speed, high-volume transmission, and companies are now producing bulk-volume single-channel transmission speeds of 56gbps for printed circuit boards that meet the client's full-air transmission rate of 400gbps; and companies are developing single-channel transmissions.
A circuit board with a speed of 112 gbps to meet the client’s full-time transmission rate of 1 tbps. The company’s network panel should be used primarily for network transfer products such as backbone network transmission, routers, high-end switches, Ethernet switches and access networks.
Consumer panels are used mainly for electronic products such as smart phones and their accessories. In addition to high-level hdi products, companies are developing soft-board and hard-loading technologies to meet the design needs of consumer customers, including national brands such as vivo, oppo, and telecommunications technology.
3.4 Roe maintains robust growth, high business efficiency provides consistent feedback to shareholders. Roe maintains robust growth, and new products drive higher profitability. On the whole, we believe that companies have two core advantages: on the one hand, they maintain a stable business structure, do not blindly pursue industrial hot spots, and diversify between downstream areas, and are in control.
Short-term growth opportunities are accompanied by resistance to external risks. On the other hand, companies have always been autonomous in their R & D, building up and stabilizing R & D platforms, creating competitive advantages in technology, brands, and size.
Supply constraints have led to a slight decline in the roe to 13.20%, but the net profit rate has increased over the same period to 14.88%, after the industry’s market share, to record high levels, mainly as a result of the company’s timely restructuring of its product structure and its good cost-control capacity. Corporate operations as a whole are efficient, with a red rate of 50.95%. Corporate inventories, receivables, payables have been effectively controlled over the years.
In 1998, the company accumulated a net profit of $13.689 billion and accumulated cash.
With the opportunity of the times in place, co-operatives have brought a new look at 4.1 car electronics, and the company's layout is well on its way to benefiting from the steady growth of the global electronics market, which will be the main growth point for the next three years. According to Prismark,
The global market for electronics is already over $2 trillion and is continuing to grow, and the demand for the electronic information industry provides a robust downstream market for the copper market, given that the end-use areas of the coatings are more than all electronic products, and their application will be further deepened and extended with the continuous upgrading of end-market technology and applications. According to New Crown Pneumonia,
The impact of the outbreak on the electronic information industry is projected to reach $2.5 trillion in 2023 for the global electronics market and 5.8 per cent in 2020-2023 for the cagr, with the fastest growth in the automotive electronics sector, which will grow from $225 billion in 2020 to $303 billion in 2023.
In addition, the company has a new layout for five categories of components, including smart network connections, smart driving, smart cabins, smart power, lights, etc. The mm wave signal transmission product is now ready for production and is now in the whole-car testing and certification phase. We believe that the company is more advanced than its counterparts, entering car power earlier.
Sub-areas, with pre-emptive advantages, and a strong technological reserve and high-quality product matrix, help companies respond positively to downstream smart car days. Figure 38: Companies have achieved full coverage of their new energy car parts and components, while actively adjusting the layout to address the historic opportunities presented by the automobile industry.
Although there has been an overall decline since 2018, the company has been active in the car area, with many years of experience, starting with Shaanxi II, Jiangsu I, Gian I, Jiangxi I, and starting with Shaanxi III, which is often used to provide robust support for the supply of motor power products. We believe that the company is well-placed in the electronics appliance area of automobiles and is expected to take full advantage of it.
The historic opportunity presented by the new triad of the car industry, while entering the multi-core tier1 supplier system as a major supplier, is expected to lead to an increase in performance. 4.2 Companies continue to deepen their cooperation with China, and the future of communications and automobile electronics is of interest.
Companies continue to deepen their cooperation with China, and the capping is expected to accelerate replacement, pcb is time-limited. The coating product level is China, a first-tier supplier, and is an important part of its supply chain upstream, largely replacing it with its national production material. According to data from Europe, China ' s high-frequency high-speed coatings in the industrial chain in 2020 were only about 20%, and about 50% of the supply is still from Rogers, United States, and high.
Substitution space for end-products is still large, and companies will work with it in the future or further depth. The company has been working with China since 1993 to achieve sales revenue of $925 million, or 49.3%, of the business income of the main battalion. The overall trend is rising, mainly to supply high-end telecommunications boards, network equipment panels, computer/server panels, etc.
Cooperation between China and China will continue, mainly in the areas of communications and automobile electronics, where there has been deep collaboration over the past 30 years, with continuous follow-up to 5g layouts, and where there has been a cooperative relationship with companies since 1993:
In close collaboration with China in the field of communications, the company ' s large-scale print circuit manufacturing technology was applied to its 5g base station aau, bbu; the stereostructured pcb manufacturing technology was applied to its 3g/4g/5g base station functional radio frequency unit and indoor backbone treatment unit: radiation technology was applied to its 5g indoor base band treatment unit: the micro-tunnel manufacturing technology was applied to its 5g base station: blending technique
The technology is applied to the functional radiofrequency units and outdoor processing units of its 3g/4g/5g communications base station, as well as to antennae; the micro-perforcing local insulation technology is applied to core components of communications such as high-end core routers and high-speed network servers in its urban network.
The terminal chip balong 5000, the world’s first 1,000-station 5g superuplink network, and so on, will continue to work with China in the area of communications. As China has a 5-g layout, we expect that the company’s number of HF-related orders will also rise significantly, and the overall Māori ratio is expected to rise further.
4.2.2 The company is expected to promote deeper cooperation in the area of automobiles, as well as the company’s potential to benefit from deeper partnerships in recent years in the area of automobile electronics. As a global leader provider of ict infrastructure and smart terminals, China announced the launch of a vehicle-borne module me909t as early as 2013 and set up a “car network”
In 2021, the company published five new items, including the Hong Menos smart cabin, the smart driver computing platform mdc810, the 4d imaging radar, the "Wow for the Octopus" autopilot open platform, and the smart and thermal management system. The company worked closely with China, with copper plates and pcb products in digital bottoms, road coordination, smart cabins, 4d.
Imaging radars and smart driver computing platforms can be applied, and it is hoped that, with the dependency and quality recognition that China has generated for many years of cooperation with China, China will be able to take on further opportunities to expand its needs in the area of automobiles, bringing new opportunities for development.1 ccl+pp Operations: We believe that in 2021, with higher prices for upstream raw materials, the cost of price transfer by companies will increase the unit price.
2 pcb Operations: We believe that prices for e-related products will decline over time, but $6.69 billion for downstream communications, car electronics, etc. At the same time, we believe that the ratio of vehicle-borne products is expected to rise, leading to an overall increase in the pcb Mäori ratio, and then, or because of 26 x, we believe that there is still much room for corporate valuation.
1. Downstream demand is less than expected: downstream areas such as communications, servers, automobiles and consumer electronics are less likely to have an impact on corporate performance than expected on copper overboard and pcb products; 2, higher prices of raw materials and less likely cost transmission: higher costs of raw materials such as upstream copper are expected to cost companies
(c) The process of starting a factory is less than expected: if the company’s production lines and plants, etc., are not scheduled to start or will have an impact on the production of the company’s products, thereby affecting the company’s performance.
The company’s financial statement data projections aggregate the great technology enterprises that have changed the way people work/life/communication, focusing on hard technology enterprises that are in line with the direction of China’s manufacturing development. Securities, in 2021, joined the civil security system, focusing on areas such as car smartness networks.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.