Newchinalife (601336ch) hold (maintain)
I'm sorry, Jacklusterfyrprowthlikelyweighsonnbv targetprice (previoustp)
Up/downside nciannounced9m19resourceson30oct2019. Grosswrittenpremiumsincreased crrentprice
7.9% yoytorm 107.9bn whereasnetprofitincreased 68.8% yoytorm13bn, or 44.3% yoyafterdeducingnon-recurringbenets fromtaxpolicyadjustice.chininsurancesector
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}nnetprofitsurgeafdeddingone-offitemswasprimarilyattribleable tounderwritingcostandg&acostredaction(likelyresourced fromnegative hanboxu)
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Income, realizedgainsaswellasfairvaluganeins, rose3.0%9m19and4.5% in 3q19.investmentassetsadvanced12.2%oy/1.5%qtorm785bn however, laclusterfyrpgrothinbothivinndiividulandbancasurance
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
2h19nbvgroveth.wetherevisedtown 2019nbvforcastby 2.8% to source: hkex rmb11.6bn, representing yoydecreaseof 5%.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I don't know what to do, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm not going to do it.
12-mthpriceperformance nci. the companymaymayneedextraamountofmaticvisititsgroveth strategyandexescriptionroadmap.
Werelledovervaluationbasistofy20e.however, duetosesoptisisticnbvoutook,wetrimmednbvandevforeast.accreditingly, newtpisrm53.51basedon40%premiumtoh-share
I don't know what you're talking about, isn't it?
Audit: ernst&youung relaedreports "margin"
Transition pressurized "nbvmarginexpansiondrivenby
"Investordaytakeaway"-7dec source: companydata, and bisestimates
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Market-perform underperform & international secretities limited
I don't know if I'm the only one who's got the right to be a part of it, but I'm the one who's got the right to be a part of it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if I'm the only one in the world, but I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's got the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one.
I don't know, this reportoranyinformation containeherein, therebeenpreparedbythecmbis, solelyforthpurposeofsuppplyinformationtotheclientsof & bisoritsaffiliate(s)tohomitistaction.thisreportisnototandsouldnotconstruedasanofforservicetobuyorsellanysecurity ornyinterestinsecuritiesorenterintoanytransaction.nether and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, curators, offices, offices, offices.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going to do it.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to be able to do it.
And/oronbehalfistrientsfromtimetotime.investsouldassumehat & bisdoesorseekstoveinvevevevevesmentbankingorotherbusiness relationshipswith the companyinsinthysreport.asasault, recipientssowardbeawarathatt & bismayhaveaconfclificatcoldaffedact theobjectivityofthisreportandand & biswillnotassemanyreresponsionsystems
I don't know, and that's publicity, Maynotbereproduced, reprinated, sold, redistributedorpublished inwholeorinpartforanyprposewi unpriorwritten consentofcmbis.additionalinforformationonrecommended securitiesavailableuponrequest.
i) fallingwithintentional19 (5)ofthefincialeservicesandmarketsact2000 (finalpromotion) or (asamendedrommetimetime)("theorder") or (ii)areparsfalingwithinarticle49(2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies,
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.