Lithium Industry: Upstream and downstream integrated layout, pioneering the lithium industry Events: company annual report 2022, which generated business income of $41,823 million, an increase of 274.68 per cent over the year; net profit return of $20,504 million, an increase of 29,216 per cent over the same period, and net deductions
In 2022, the company produced 90,72 million tons of lithium salt, sold in 2022, and co-directed the analysis of the Yellow Shilling Metals & New Materials Industry, 974 million tons of lce, which generated business income of $34,581 million; and 19,501 million in lithium batteries.
The demand for new energy cars has grown significantly, and the prices of the main lithium compounds in the Chinese market as a whole have remained on the rise; prices have been growing rapidly in the first half of 2022; prices have remained high in the second half of the year.
The storage capacity continues to be released, and the sales of lithium cell blocks have increased significantly. The price of lithium salt has risen, and the market performance of lithium electric products has increased significantly.
(2021.11.15) Corporate implementation of the “upstream integration” strategy and active creation of the “global lithium supermarket”. Corporate implementation of the lithium industry: q4 achieved higher-than-expected growth in performance
“Upstream/downstream integration” development strategy has evolved into “Lithium resource development, lithium salt product depth” (2022.01.25) The lithium industry: q1 performance has increased in step with lithium prices
Production content (2022.04.27) Lithium metallic, lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, butylline lithium and lithium ion batteries, five series 40
Lithium Industry: Continue to strengthen vertical integration strategies Multiple products known as the Global Lithium Supermarket. At the same time, the company is technology-based and global tension (2022.08.31).
The lithium industry: integrated and synergetic development through whole-generation possession of lithium quartz, lithium cloud lithium, lithium salt lake lithium, lithium slime chain (2022.10.31)
At the end of the year, the company had developed the production capacity of lithium salt products in the country, amounting to about 120,000 tons of lce. The company continued to deploy its upstream lithium resources, widening the diversification of the supply of raw materials.
The company has acquired 62% of the share in the pine-coated tantalum mine project through the new leftover mining industry, and 50% of the share in the Malian lithium lithium lithite project.
Right; completion of offer acquisition of bacanora, which currently holds 100 per cent of the shares of the company Bacanora and the sonora lithium clay project; completion of 100 per cent acquisition of shares of the company Lithea, Sinda Securities Inc.
Itd House No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, where the company's upstream lithium resource production can be released gradually into the harvest period.
\triangleright can be expanded from 45-48 million tonnes/year to 900,000 tonnes/year, and the company expects to build additional capacity as climbers to start in the second quarter of 2023, with lithium quartz all year 2023 and lithium quartz.
The cauchari-olaroz project plans to produce 40,000 tons of lce per year, and no less than 20,000 tons per year in the second phase; the company expects to complete the construction in the first half of 2023 and gradually optimize the production line and stabilize the release capacity.
Construction of the salt fields for the project was officially initiated and purchase orders for critical equipment were completed for the start of construction of the plant; as of the disclosure date of the annual report, 2022, the project had launched its first evaporation pool with a potential expansion to 831,000 tons of lithium concentrate, and the company expected the first phase of the production to be released in 2024
The company actively enters into a package agreement for lithium resources and lithium products, targeting the supply of raw materials.
The first phase of the Pibara Pilgangoora project provides the company with no more than 160,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year. The second phase of the construction is expected to provide the company with no more than 150,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year.
Mines; companies have contracted at least 75,000 tons of lithium concentrate for the Finniss project each year; companies have contracted 50 per cent of the output for the Goulamina project and can increase the share of the sale to 100 per cent once certain conditions have been met; companies have obtained a five-year concession for the Manono project, on the basis of which they can apply
The company ' s own demand choice was extended for a further five-year period, with an increase of 6 per cent of lithium concentrate per year from the third year to 160,000 tons; the company has obtained a product package of 76 per cent of the planned 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium per year for the cauchari-olaroz phase;
The product of the Mariana project is sold at 100 per cent of the equity ratio of the project; 50 per cent of the output of the lithium product in the Sosoora project phase is sold by the company, and the company will have the option of increasing the volume of lithium product in the second phase of the project to 75 per cent.
The company's active layout of lithium batteries breaks down the market to create the second growth pole. The company's lithium battery business \triangleright has already been configured in areas such as consumer batteries, tws batteries, power/storage batteries, and solid-state batteries.
In 2022, Lithium was able to deliver more than 6gwh power/storage, and storage battery was one of the most important battery operations for Lithium. In terms of capacity-building, Chongqing celebrated the production of 20gwh new lithium battery technology.
The industrial park project is also starting, and the company wants to build it as the largest solid battery production base in the country.
Under the two-carbon target, the long-term trend in new energy sources remains unchanged. According to the data from theventank, global sales of new energy vehicles in 2022 amounted to 108.24 million vehicles, an increase of 61.6 per cent over the same period.
254.222 million vehicles and 52.22 million new energy vehicles with a continuous increase in penetration rates of over 50% in 2030. According to the data from thevtank, global lithium ion output will reach 2211.8gwhh in 2022 and lithium ion cells in 2030, respectively.
6080.4gwh, with a combined growth rate of 22.8 per cent, the global market “green low-carbon” trend will drive the rapid rise in the demand for lithium electric materials in applications such as new energy cars and storage energy, which is expected to drive the demand for lithium salt upstream.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: corporate business income is expected to increase further as upstream lithium resources are progressively developed and downstream lithium salt production capacity is developed, and the business of lithium batteries continues to expand
The risk factors are: lower than expected releases of upstream lithium resources; less than expected growth in the production of new energy vehicles; less than expected demand for storage energy markets; and sharp fluctuations in lithium prices.
Chen Guanghui, M.A. in Metallurgical Engineering, University of China and South China, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in August 2022 for battery-related metal-related research; Yunlin, Master of Financial Science, George Washington University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in March 2020 for precious metals and small metals; White Violet, Master of Regional Economics, University of Gilling, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021 for new talent such as light metals such as zolpidium and lithium cobalt
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.