Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) Wang Wiescheon \triangleright
Corporate performance: Corporate performance forecasts are issued that the company ' s net profit of 2017h1 is projected to increase on a year-on-year basis; quarterly net profits range from 700 million to 80 million yuan and yoy grow by 74 per cent to 115 per cent, in line with expectations. Performance is on track: the company ' s performance of q2 increased significantly, on the one hand, by issuing shares in the company.
Tétun Teri completed his delivery on May 19 and, in accordance with the arrangements for the profits and losses of the transition under the closed distribution programme, the performance of Tétón Teri in the first half of the year was achieved and shown. Tétón Teri promised a net profit of no less than $48 million in 2017, and we expect q2 to contribute a net profit to the company in the range of $12 million.
Without taking into account the contribution of Jethon Terry’s performance, we expect that the firm’s previous business will actually increase by the same time, the base period due to the impact of clinical self-examination and the resumption of progress this year in clinical pilot projects, where the company’s q2 performance has grown significantly. The company is now moving out of its low performance and will perform well.
Advisory services related to clinical research Clinical trial technical services
q3 performance is expected to continue to increase: we believe that the impact of the cfda self-verification policy on the company will continue to diminish, that progress in the company's clinical pilot project will gradually return to normality, that the ratio of new contract projects will increase after the build-up of the price increases, and that the company's Māori ratio will also increase, taking into account pharmaceutical competition.
We expect that the performance of this part of the company will also be gradually reflected in the clinical phase of the implementation of the be project; that the company ' s performance of q3 will continue to increase, and that, given that the company ' s performance of 2016q3 is the lowest since the roll-out of the cfda clinical self-verification policy, we expect that the company will continue to perform as well.
Corporate q3 performance will continue to grow significantly, and the rate of increase will continue to rise at a higher rate than q2. Profit forecast: the company, as a domestic cro flagship, will be subject to short-term clinical regulatory verification, revenue recognition delays, and short-term performance will be affected to a certain extent.
In the long run, the company will benefit from the upgrading of the pharmaceutical industry and the increased capacity of innovation in research and development.
Tonterey's list, we're raising profit projections, and we're expecting the company to double and 32 times the net profit by 2017/2018. The company's performance has recovered faster, long-term growth space is larger, and we keep buying investments.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or re-distributed for any purpose in whole or part of the report issued or printed.