Tagger Medicine (300347) Pharmaceutical biology slightly outperforms expectations, with a high growth of business performance and Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: The company published its semi-annual report in 2017, which generated operating income of 740 million yuan, i.e. + 31.4 per cent for the same year, net profit for the mother 120 million yuan, i.e. + 53.1 per cent for the same year, net profit for the unpaid parent 100 million yuan, i.e. + 52.8 per cent for the same year, net operating cash flows of 110 million yuan, i.e. + 414.8 per cent for the same year.
The impact of clinical verification is over, performance is slightly over-expected, and the company’s operations are generally better. The company 2017h1 real current income and net return profits are increasing by +31.4 per cent and +53.1 per cent, respectively, less Téité Terry and showing off the branch line: 1) Clinical trial technical service operations: $330 million, compared with +57.6 per cent.
Of this amount, 80.795 million yuan was earned from Be operations, i-iv, etc., and the impact of the clinical test self-censorship verification on the operation is gradually diminishing. 2) $410 million was earned from clinical research-related advisory services, compared to 16.2 per cent. Of this amount, 52.885,000 was earned from Smo operations, compared to 64.9 per cent; and the data management and statistical analysis industry.
In terms of Māori: 38.6% Māori for clinical trial technical services, an increase of 5.8 percentage points from the previous year, the main reason for clinical research is that the industry was more affected by clinical verification during the same period last year, and that the increase in Māori rates has shown a dissipation of clinical verification effects. From the benefits of consistency evaluations and domestic incentives for innovation, we believe that corporate operations are comprehensive.
From the end of 2015, cfda launched a series of drug reviews: verification of clinical trial data, evaluation of generic drug consistency, classification of chemical registrations, reform, licensing system for drug listing, priority review approval, accession to ich, endorsement of overseas clinical trials.
The industrial development environment has been greatly optimized and purified, among others, and companies have explicitly benefited from the New Deal Advance. 1) Simultaneous pharmaceuticals I. Sensitivity evaluation: resulting in a large number of be-clinical-test orders; 2) Reform of the register of chemophiles and the system for listing drug licensees: stimulating domestic declarations of innovative medicines, in 2017 the number of new drug declarations exceeded those of generic drugs, corporate countries
The market for in-country new medicines orders is over 40%;) add ich, endorsing overseas clinical trial data: accelerating the simultaneous listing of new drugs at home and abroad, increasing the demand for international multi-centre clinical trials, and companies for the few enterprises in the country that can afford international multi-centres.
The firm with the greatest potential in the country, we continue to look firmly at the development of the multi-cro industry, and we believe that it will benefit clearly as a company in the context of the convergence of the country’s drug trials with developed countries. The crón industry, where industry trends are determined upwards and are in the early stages of an outbreak, is leading the country’s high-quality clinical development.
The M & A subsidiary does not perform as expected or creates a risk of impairment of goodwill.
3. Teger Medicine (300347); three quarters of performance is expected to reverse, and the country's clinical core is strong.
(2016-08-28) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.