Tiger Medicines (300347.sz)
The performance forecast for the first half of 2017 was issued by Tag Medicine (300347), which is expected to achieve net profits of $109-125 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies compared to the same period in the previous year, compared with the previous year
The net return to the mother is 66-81.64 million yuan, and the single-quarter return net profit is historically high. In the first quarter (7.9% compared to 7.9%); in the second quarter, the second quarter grew by 52-88% compared to the first quarter, faster than the same and the ring; and the single-quarter return net profit to the company was historically high.
After deducting the return on investment, the main business in the second quarter was profitable by over $54 million. The company's performance this year.
Performance will return to high growth. At the policy level, the speed of the cde trials will double before 2014 (including) the speed of the trials will increase to 10,000 levels, the clinical batches of the new drugs will continue to be put in large quantities, and the clinical requirements of the cfda clinics, which have been delayed since the verification, will directly drive the company ' s future orders for clinical trials.
It is expected to bring about nearly 8 billion new businesses in the industry, with double-engine support and high growth over the next few years. The data show that, by the end of 2016, the number of new orders and the number of orders in hand had increased.
The outstanding orders are at an all-time high of $1.927 billion and $1,998 million, respectively.
In terms of valuation, the company shares the same value as the pharmaceutical outsourcing service sub-sectorpe. The company has developed a vertically integrated layout of the cro industrial chain and has the capacity to meet the international multi-centre clinical test (mct).
For the past three years, Thai medicine has been a graduate student at the People’s University of China and is currently the Executive Director of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.