Tiger Medicine (300347.sz) Wang Wiescheol 2017h1 showed a 53 per cent increase in performance over the same period, with a marked recovery in performance.
\triangleright meets expectations. Of this amount, the company q2 received $390 million in the first quarter, y0y+33.2%, with a net profit of $76 million, yoy+101%.
The recovery in performance was clear, the Māori rate rose, and the cost fell: the company achieved Jérétien in May, with a contribution of $8.49 million, resulting in a net gain of $3.35 million. If the chart factor is removed, the company ' s first half-year revenue and net profit are increased by 29.9 per cent and 48.8 per cent, respectively.
If, due to the resumption of progress in clinical projects in the first half of the year and the start of new orders after price increases, millions of yuan) the first half of the year led to a recovery of yoy+57.6 per cent to $330 million in clinical trial technical operations, the Māori rate increased by 5.9 percentage points to 38.6 per cent over the same period, but it was reported in mid-2015 (clinical self-inflicted).
The progress of the clinical pilot project will continue to rise, and the Māori rate of the company ' s clinical trial operations will continue to grow, while previously less affected clinical research operations will continue to develop robustly, with a combination of products collected in the first half of the year.
Percentage point to 1.7 per cent, administrative costs decrease by 1.7 percentage points from year to year, and financial cost increases from year to year are expected to continue at a higher rate of performance for q3: we think the cfda self-verification policy for companies \triangleright
The impact will continue to diminish, the progress of the company's clinical pilot project will gradually return to normal, the increase in the share of the new contract project after the build-up of the price increase, and the company's Māori ratio will continue to rise, as well as in view of the ongoing clinical phase of the pharmaceutical businessbe project and the growing number of Be bases for corporate collaboration.
The Be project will bring greater flexibility to the company's performance; Jéthon Terry adds that the company's q3 performance will continue to grow: also considering the company's record for 201603 as the lowest point since the launch of the cfda clinical self-verification policy, we expect that the company's q3 performance will continue to grow significantly and at a faster rate.
q2 will continue to rise. Profit forecasts: companies, as domestic cro champions, are subject to short-term clinical regulatory verification, revenue recognition delays, and short-term performance is affected to a certain extent, but we believe that as policy influences
In the long run, the company will benefit from the upgrading of our pharmaceutical industry and the increased capacity of innovative drug research and development. We expect that the company will benefit from this in the long run.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is issued or printed for any purpose.