Tagger Medicine (300347), pharmaceutical biology, slightly outperformed, and the company went to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center on a seasonal basis.
The gradual elimination of the verification impact and the increased enthusiasm for domestic declarations of innovative medicines have led to a significant resumption of large clinical operations; (2) consistency evaluations have entered the offensive phase, companies have received large orders and started to operate in the fourth quarter of 2016, gradually starting to contribute to performance as revenues are recognized. From 2017 onwards and for the next two years, we will be able to make a difference.
The main reasons for believing that corporate performance will continue to improve are the following: 1) cfda is fully aligned with the developed countries of Europe and the United States, actively joins the ich, is guided by quality and efficacy, encourages innovation, domestic approval of a new drug type, promotes mutual recognition of data from abroad, accelerates the global synchronization of imported medicines, future clinical trials of new medicines, and international
The demand for multi-centre clinical trials has surged and significant clinical performance or growth has accelerated; (b) a catalogue of six reference formulations has now been distributed by cfda, the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency is moving fast and the evaluation of consistency over the next two years will result in a significant increase in company performance; (c) medical equipment has been rolled out and presented in June by the medical apparatus, in
In the broader context of regulating the extension of the registration of medicines to the registration of appliances, medical devices have been actively developing upwards, with simultaneous listing leading to a strong demand for international multi-centre clinical trials. As a leading national clinical collage, the country’s new drug deal will benefit significantly.
Initially, cfda launched a series of drug reviews: clinical test data verification, generic drug consistency evaluation, extra-chemical clinical trial data, etc., which optimized and purified the industry development environment, and companies explicitly benefited from the New Deal. 1) generic drug consistency evaluation: resulted in a large number of be clinical trial orders; 2) chemochemical registration classification
Reform of the licensing system for the listing of medicines: stimulating domestic declarations of innovative medicines, 2017 new drug declarations, over 40 per cent of generic drug declarations and over 40 per cent of the market for new drug orders in the company;) accession to ich, endorsement of overseas clinical test data: accelerating the simultaneous listing of new drugs in the country and abroad, international multi-centre clinical trial needs
With foreign giants crossing the path of development through horizontal and vertical mergers and acquisitions, companies are among the most promising enterprises in the country, and we continue to look firmly at the development of the multi-cro industry, which we believe will be clear as a company in the context of the convergence of national drug trials with developed countries.
Given the recovery of clinical trials, and the increase in consistency, we are 40 times, 27 times and 20 times, respectively. Given the clear benefits of the national drug policy, industry trends are determined to be up and in the early stages of an outbreak, and companies are home-grown, high-quality clinical cologne.
High value premium, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Periods, M & A subsidiaries do not perform as expected or result in a loss of goodwill risk.
2. Teger Medicine (300347); three quarters of performance is expected to reverse, and the country's clinical core is strong.
(2016-08-28) No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report; Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the CMS.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.