Confirming a return to high growth, looking at the Be Business Belt, Tagger Medicine (300347) □ the recovery of clinical trial technical services, significant growth in q2, and a significant recovery in the Māori rate
Realization of a net return to the mother for the second quarter of $76,247,700, deducting the non-return to the mother ' s net profit of $6,166,669,000 and, if eliminated, gradual digestion of the historical contract (general three-year contract); 1.99 percentage points of advisory services related to clinical trials, of which sales costs, administrative costs and financial costs were reduced by the United States dollar
According to the latest data released by cfda on August 22, most of the species in the 289 catalogues are already in place.
Following the initiation of the consistency evaluation exercise (15 varieties not yet carried out), it is expected that, starting in the second half of 2017, the number of species entering the Be pilot phase will grow. The company now has a Be team with the resources of its parent company, Kaging Taig, and Fonda Medicine (Shanghai Fanda), a Be-professional team in the first half of the year.
Revenue from services is $80,795,000, with plans to establish Be operations with more than 15 hospitals in 2017. Be pilot operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate as a result of the consistency assessment.
• Bulletin review: high performance recovery, slightly overtaken by events : recognizable reversal of q1 and 17 years of high growth : performance meets expectations and 17 years of expectation
The company is the lead in the country in the field of clinical coro, affected by clinical self-censorship due to its performance in 2016, is at a low point, the negative effects of the verification policy are being gradually eliminated from the examination itself, and the operations of the clinical technical services have been reported in depth: Consistency evaluation support companies have returned to high levels.
The positive effects of the pharmacological reform policy have been acknowledged to have been restored; at the same time, the positive effects of the pharmacological reform policy are gradually emerging: the continuous advancement of the consistency evaluation will make Be a bright spot for the company's performance over the next two years, with the approval of accelerated clinical clearances.
This growth is expected to continue. Taking into account the Téton Teri cumulation table and the return on corporate equity investment each year, it is gradually recognized that the consistency evaluation policy has not advanced as expected; that the project has not progressed as expected; and that business integration risks, using as a standard the increase or decline in the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth 300 index within 12 months of the date of the present report, are defined as follows:
No rating, because the company is unable to obtain the necessary information, or because it faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, it is not possible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.