On August 25, 2025, they published the semi-annual 2025 report. The company's first half of 2025, 601058.sh.
Zhang Yinsheng released a strong boost to performance, and q2 output and income were both innovative. The company's 2025q2 round ring ratio + 9.08% and the company's output and income were at a new high in the first quarter, which we think is the main one.
On August 14th, the company’s company, the company, released 3 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 600,000 all-steel meridian tyres in Egypt.
On August 25, the company announced the production of 3.3 million full steel meridian tyres and 20,000 tons of non-road tyres in Shenyang New and Peace Year. As of the semi-annual report, the company produced a total of 9.75 million full steel meridiums and 49 million half steels per year in Viet Nam, Cambodia, India, Mexico and Egypt overseas.
The production capacity of midday and 137,000 tons of non-road tyres is currently the largest Chinese tyre enterprise with overseas production capacity. We believe that the firm’s continued deepening of global production capacity is a central driver of future performance growth, and that the global production capacity mix is expected to boost the company’s speedier global market.
Trade barriers drag q2 profits, and q3 is expected to improve. q2 companies have a downward net profit on the ring, \triangleright overseas bases are all “no gain” and we think it is mainly international trade in the first half of 2025.
As a result of the escalation of barriers, in particular, the expansion of the United States global tariff collection has had a negative impact on companies and on the operations of the tyre industry. (2) Companies continue to increase their sales and R & D costs. 2025q2, the cost of sales and R & D has increased by 4.73 per cent of the cost of sales.
In view of the future, we believe that there are multiple advantages to corporate operations: (1) the advantages of globalization are more evident. In May, the company’s Indonesian and Mexican production bases were first-born.
Downside, companies are expected to be more resilient to trade barriers. (2) Prices of raw materials, maritime transport, have continued to decline. Raw materials prices have begun to fall in q2 on a year-on-year basis, but have not been fully reflected in performance due to business stock factors, while q3 (as of 25 August) prices of raw materials, shipping
Prices continue to decline in the ring comparison and are expected to boost company performance upwards.
Technology supports, products are rich, channels are innovative, and companies build high-level branding.
On the technical side, corporate-owned liquid gold tyres have succeeded in solving the problem of “demon triangles” that are difficult to optimize simultaneously with rolling resistance, water resistance, grinding resistance, and have improved the core competitiveness of the company's products. On the product side, the company relies on its technological advantages to further target the multipliers.
Production overlaps in a number of subsectors, such as vehicles, commercial vehicles and special vehicles, were introduced in 2024 as erange products (made exclusively for the European market), liquid gold snow tires wp81, terramaxrt cross-fields, liquid gold high performance sub-middle tires, track high performance wheels
A new product, such as pt01 (developed in collaboration with the Mio car, suitable for Su7ultra, and helping the Mio car to become Beijing ' s Golden Port, Shanghai ' s Tianma and Ningpo ' s International Races, and Xiaomen ' s International Races at the four-man speeds), has been boosted.
Newly built direct/joint venture digitized systems that bring together more than 20 subsidiaries throughout the business chain and interfaced data with some agents to build an efficient and coordinated network of "customer-channel-storage-logistics". We believe that this will allow channels to deliver products more smoothly.
\triangleright rises, trade policy changes, etc.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years ' experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, and in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.