Performance is in line with expected globalization + liquid gold combined performance is in line with expectations, and US customs duties temporarily affect profits. Company 2025q2 is expected to realize a net return profit \triangleright
Baskets: The export of parts and components (including tyres) to the United States faces a major 25 per cent tariff of 232, which directly affects companies' efforts to continuously optimize their overseas production and distribution of high-value-added products to minimize the impact of related factors on company performance.
Globalization has been steadily advancing, with non-roads continuing to contract. The company has more than 70 million current capacity in Qingdao, Tungbang, Kanyuan, Shenyang, Vietnam, Cambodia, and currently in production in domestic, Vietnamese and Cambodian factories, building capacity is steadily advancing and medium- and long-term planning capacity is adequate, with 16 and a half million Vietnamese by the end of 2024.
Steel tires, 12 million semi-steeds in Cambodia, 1.2 million all-steeds in Cambodia, non-road projects in the mills, 92%, 96%, 78%, 77%, respectively. The company has worked deep in the area of non-road tyres for many years, with product specifications that are complete and of excellent quality, and has been working with the same gravity, Xu, Trinity, Sea conch, China.
In cooperation with companies such as the others, the company Caterpillar, John Dill, and the Netherlands in Kesnews have been successful abroad; in China, the 21.00r 35 specifications of non-road-based tyres perform well, creating the company's non-road tyres the longest operating time ever recorded, effectively reducing the cost of one kilometre of operation consumption in mines.
Liquid gold works well, and the company's brand is up. Liquid gold tyres use the international first-ever chemical, Liu Hai Yong, the glue technique, lowers the drag on rolling tyres, improves their resistance to humid and grinding, and solves the problems that bother them.
The problem of the “demon triangle” of many years of operation has increased the safety, energy efficiency and comfort of cars and has been tested and certified by a number of international authorities such as the idiada, Smith Laboratories, and the Chinese Rubber Industry Association. On average, one liquid gold truck and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% and 3%, respectively.
As a result, new energy cars can be increased by 5 to 10 per cent, and investment proposals: corporate global production patterns are steadily advancing, liquid gold tyres are shared with non-road tyres 1. Race round tyres (601058.sh) series five: overseas
The next city of productive capacity is globalized + liquid gold resonance - 2025/ \triangleright is less than expected, international trade has increased friction, freight price volatility, etc.
The findings of this report are presented independently and objectively, and are accountable for the content and views of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers, whose findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.