Cruise tyres (601058.sh) Cost of raw materials and trade frictions drag performance, continuously globalized layout and product upgrading
Events: The semi-annual report of the 2025 round tyres was published, and company 2025h1 achieved revenues of $17,587 million, up from the same period when sales of tires were on record, and trade barriers in overseas markets continued to exert pressure. The volume of tyres produced by company 25q2, the volume of tyres sold and the revenue generated by businesses both within and outside the country, were higher than in the same period.
2071.72, 1977.10 million, 14.09 per cent, 10.07 per cent, or 4.19 per cent, or 2.05 per cent, of the ring over the same period in the previous year; 18.72 per cent, or 18.72 per cent, over the same period. Tyre raw materials prices showed a high downward trend in the first half of the year, but their overall water level remained higher than in the same period last year, with a combination of four main raw materials: natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtains.
Purchase prices increased by 0.82% over the year, a decline of 4.64% over the ring. Of these, prices of natural rubber, synthetic rubber, and carbon black, the main raw materials, fell in the second quarter, while steel line prices continued to collapse.
Launching of anti-dumping investigations in China's new passenger vehicles and light truck tyres, etc., Shanghai Export Container Price Index (GCI) dropped by 26.64 per cent in the same year; China Export Container Price Index (CMI) declined in the same year
8.22 per cent; China's export container prices index fell on the US-West route, the US-East route, and the European route, respectively
As global tyre sales increase, some of the world’s leading tyre businesses have become less productive and more strategically focused, displacing the less-than-rich business board.
By focusing resources on high-end tyre markets, the competitiveness of international markets is increasing. Companies are constantly improving their industries. Future growth - Joaquin Securities-Chemicals-Commercial Express - race wheels, and they are actively shaping the advantages of the internationalized industry, with sales rankings rising in the global tyre industry.
In mid-2025, the company planned to produce 9.75 million full steel midgets, 49 million half steel midgets and 137,000 tons of non-road tyres in Viet Nam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Mexico and Egypt overseas, the largest Chinese tyre company in the former overseas distribution capacity.
In August 2025, the company planned to invest in the construction of a project to produce 3.6 million meridian tyres a year in Egypt. In the future, with Mexican, Indonesian, Egyptian and other overseas students, it will be able to produce 3.3 million meridian tyres.
The production base has entered the operational phase, effectively increasing the responsiveness and flexibility of the company’s global supply chain and accelerating the expansion of globalization. Building high-end “gold tyres” to break through technological bottlenecks.
Research combines R & D strategies to scale up R & D inputs, build up a whole chain of innovative ecological chains “basic research + technology clearance + results transfer” and promote product upgrading to higher end, intelligence, and green. After years of technological accumulation, corporate-owned liquid gold tyres have succeeded in breaking “rolling resistance, anti-wet-slamping”
At the same time, the company’s whole steel and semi-styren have received a wide appreciation from the domestic and international markets, especially the entire steel product, which, thanks to its technological leadership and quality stability, sells to the domestic and overseas markets.
The company’s introduction of innovative products such as liquid gold gas-scarce tires has further refined the product layout, and the firm’s competitiveness and influence on the international market has been increasing. Investment proposals: the global layout of wheel tyres has continued to grow, risks such as frictions over trade, product upscaling, and
We maintain a profit forecast, and the company is expected to earn a share in 2025-2027.