“Egypt produces 3.6 million meridian tyres per year”
The company plans to invest in Egypt to build a project to produce 3.6 million \triangleright meridian tyres per year, with a total investment of $291 million, of which $255 million will be invested in the construction.
The project is located in the Suez Zone of Economic Cooperation and Trade and is co-built by the Chinese Tianjin Teida and the Central African Development Fund, located in the North-West Economic Zone of the Gulf of Suez, Egypt, and is mainly radioactive in Egypt.
According to the project feasibility study, the project was built for 18 months, year 1 will be productive, globalization is advancing steadily, and non-roads continue to contract. The company has more than 70 million production capacity and capacity in Qingdao, Tungbang, Kanya, Shenyang, Viet Nam, Cambodia, and currently in factories in Viet Nam, Cambodia and Viet Nam.
Production, building capacity is steadily advancing, medium- and long-term planning capacity is adequate, with 16.5 million steel tires in Viet Nam, 12 million semi-steeds in Cambodia, 1.2 million whole steel tires in Cambodia, non-road project work in mills, 92 per cent, 96 per cent, 78 per cent, 77 per cent, respectively, as of the end of 2024. The company has worked deep in the area of non-road tyres for many years, with product specifications.
(b) The Chinese company 21.00r 35 specifications of non-road mines performed excellent performances with non-road tyres, creating non-road tyres.
The longest operating time ever recorded has effectively reduced the cost of operating a single kilometre of a mine.
Smelting techniques, reducing tyre rolling resistance, increasing humid and grinding resistance, successfully solving the problem of the “demon triangle” that has plagued the tyre industry for years, increasing car safety, energy efficiency and comfort, and has passed through a number of authoritative bodies such as the international authorities, idiada, the Smith Laboratory, the Chinese Rubber Industry Association and others.
Liu Lungi is tested and certified. On average, one liquid gold truck and car tires can reduce energy consumption by 4% or more, respectively, and a new energy car can increase its duration by 5-10%.
Investment proposals: The global production and distribution of corporate capacity is steadily advancing, liquid gold tyres and non-road tires are jointly \triangleright less than expected, international trade has become more frictionous and freight prices have fluctuated.
The report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for the content and perspective of the report. The report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.