Wheel tires (601058): q2 trade disturbance performance reported reasons: performance point assessment, escalation of trade barriers, 25 per cent surcharge on company tyres exported to the United States, affecting the Māori rate at the export end.
The net cash flow of offshore market-led companies has increased by the same amount: companies have benefited from overseas capacity releases, 2025h1 has achieved 40.6 million tyre product yields, 14.66 per cent more than in the previous year, 39.14 million more than in the same year, 18.72 per cent more than in the domestic market, with Cambodian affiliates showing outstanding performance and a significant increase in revenues on the same basis.
70.44% long. 2025h1 achieved net operating cash flow of 884 million yuan, an increase of 179.10% over the same period. 537 million yuan, an increase of 14.67% over the same year, promoted product high-end, intelligent, greener orientations through technological innovation.
Innovative products such as fetuses, low-rolling oil-saving and liquid gold gas-deficit spares have further improved the layout of the product. The value of the tires in the race continues to rise. According to the Brandfinance Value Assessment Agency, the company ranks 10th in the tyre industry and is the most valuable tyre brand in China.
Overseas base building is proceeding in an orderly manner, and trade barriers are becoming more responsive: in the first half of 2025, the company stepped up its project and further optimized the global distribution of production capacity. Overseas Indonesia, Mexico, the first birth of the project, Egypt, Shenyang's new and peaceful production base plan was launched.
To date, companies have planned to produce 315.5 million full steel mid-terms, 109 million semi-steel mid-terms and 467,000 tons of non-road tyres for the construction year.
Quantifying, enhancing the influence of international brands - corporate Janes, The Wheel Tyres (601058.sh): Business performance is solid, and the global strategic layout is continuously advanced -
And high R & D-backed branding, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Efficiency gains, prospects for seaboarding -- data information, legal compliance, careful research findings, and an independent and objective presentation of this report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.