Cruise tires (601058.sh) Basic Chemical Group (BAT) Performance is low and the global layout continues to grow.
RMB, 15% decline in the same year; of this, $9.2 billion in operating income was achieved in the first quarter of the second quarter.
3. " Race tire company rating: sound operation, layout Cambodian Kampot economy, 14 per cent growth, ring growth of 4 per cent, sales of 1.77 million items, 10 per cent increase, ring growth of 10 per cent.
Quarterly aggregate purchase prices for the company’s natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, and four main raw materials for the steel curtain line increased by 0.82%, a 4.64% decline in the ring. Short-term tariffs are more difficult to fully transfer as a result of the global expansion of the United States tariff collection during the first half of this year.
Keeping firm on the strategy of globalizing, adding more overseas Egyptian and domestic Shenyang projects. In the context of the current global escalation of international trade barriers, apart from the United States, tariff collection has expanded.
In addition to this, parts of the country have been launching anti-dumping checks on tyres originating in our country and Viet Nam. To protect against trade risks, companies have adhered to a globalization strategy, and in August this year announced new projects abroad in Egypt and Shenyang.
Ten thousand full steel tires with a total investment of $290 million in the project and 18 months of planned construction, expected to generate $190 million in operating income and $34.77 million in net profits after delivery; Shenyang Base, which plans 3.3 million full steel tyres and 20,000 tons of non-road tyres, with a total investment of $1.7 billion in the project
RMB, with a construction period of 9 months for one phase (two million full steel tires) and nine months for two phases (1.3 million full steel tyres and 20,000 non-road tyres), it is expected that after childbirth, $3.3 billion in operating income and $230 million in net profits will be realized.
The company is a domestic tire leader, and as global production continues to grow, the market share increases further. Given the impact of the US tariff escalation on performance, we're down.
Large fluctuations in raw material prices; lower-than-expected releases of new production capacity; frictions in international trade; less-than-anticipated spread of “liquid gold” tyres; large fluctuations in maritime prices; large fluctuations in exchange rates; increased access to services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market