China Construction (60168.sh) China Construction (601668): High growth in crop yields and low Māori rates delay profit growth
The net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 20.308 billion yuan over the same period in the previous year, with faster growth in construction, infrastructure, real estate and survey design and faster growth in q2 receivables.
Real estate operations achieved operating income of $97.71 billion, an increase of 17.2 per cent over the same period; survey design operations realized operating income of $1 billion, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same year; profit increases that were not synchronized with revenue were mainly due to a decline in the Māori rate; and financial risks as a whole were manageable, with the end-of-life asset liability rate controlled at 76.54 per cent, a decrease of 2.25 percentage points over the same period.
The combined Māori rate for companies for the reporting period was 10.1 per cent, a decrease of 0.4 percentage points from the same period. Of these, Māori for housing construction works, 32.7 per cent for real estate development and investment, a decrease of 1.2 percentage points from the same period, and Māori for survey design, a decrease of 16.3 per cent, an increase of 3.3 percentage points from the same period.
(c) The cost rate for the company period (+0.07 pct) remained generally stable during the reporting period, with the cost of sales being at a rate of 3.22 per cent.
(b) Newly signed contracts continued to grow by billions of yuan, a decrease of 8.3 per cent over the previous year, of $184.2 billion in sales of real estate contracts, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period;
The decline in the contract was mainly related to the company’s contraction of the ppp-related business;
In terms of reform, China’s construction is the only representative of the 10 leading world-class model companies selected by the State Council’s State Finance Committee to compete fully in the field of competition. The two companies under the State Finance Committee of the State Council have been selected for the 200-year operation of China’s National Finance Committee, and China’s decorations have been selected for the 4th National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) mixed ownership reform pilot.
In terms of technology, companies have made breakthroughs in terms of major equipment and materials during the reporting period. The company has developed an integrated platform for building superstructures with super-intelligent intelligence, increasing its efficiency by more than 30%, and occupying a high-level construction facility: the goal is to develop and adapt to the bridge's intelligence as a whole, the first large-scale smart equipment to be used in the construction of the main tower bridge.
The company independently develops a single coating material that is for the first time globally power-free, fluorine-free and cooled at night and day (sunny weather can reduce the surface temperature of concrete by 20°C) and achieves a major breakthrough in building energy efficiency and industrialization.
It maintains a “buy-in” rating, the largest engineering contractor in the world, and the most market-oriented construction company in the world, with a low valuation and a “buy-in” rating.
Xu Jialin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.