A steady growth in performance, and a steady increase in the strength of the overseas plates - mid-2019: China ' s buildings published a total of 2019: $6,854.19 million in operating income in the first half of 2019, a year-on-year increase.
16.38 per cent, or a net return profit of $20.308 billion, an increase of 6.12 per cent over the same period. Collections grew faster, with housing and real estate growing at a rate of 16.38 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 4.26 percentage points compared to the same period last year.
Net corporate interest rates have risen steadily in the first half of the year, and Māori rates have been relatively stable and cost rates have been properly controlled. Net interest rates, Māori unit and depth 300 have shown a relatively high level of security, with the expectation of industrial marginal improvement and a rapid release of company performance in the second half of the year.
Overseas performance. \triangleright \triangleright received $47.04 billion overseas in the first half of the year, a 21.04% increase, a significant increase of 16.49 compared to the same period last year.
Since this year’s summit, out-of-sea orders have accelerated, with continued policy support, and the pace of performance release is expected to accelerate further. Companies are leading the construction industry, with housing, infrastructure, and real estate in parallel, with ample hand orders and high performance security.
The company maintains a “recommended” rating with a current median value of 9 for its current valuation, which is relatively low.
2. China ' s construction (601668) performance report: performance improved significantly in the fourth quarter, rising steadily throughout the year
Wang Kai-hyun, a consultant (investment), a senior engineer, and a first-level builder. For almost eight years, the metal and construction industry has been working as editor-in-chief of the steel industry, gb/t18916.31, has several patents (inventory patent 1, successively as technical director, director, project manager, and has been involved in overseas “one-way” engineering projects, with considerable experience in the steel industry and in national and international project management.
As Fifi, a Master of Science, Risk and Finance, Southampton University, joined the civil securities industry in 2017 to conduct construction-oriented research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.