Incident: On the evening of 23 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2019, during the reporting period, it achieved operating income of $16,365 million, a decrease of 8.65 per cent over the same period; total profits, a slight drop in coal prices, led to a small decline in plate profits. \triangleright
During the first half of the year, the company achieved business income of 93,638 million yuan, a decrease of 6.3 per cent, and a Māori rate of 28.8 per cent, which was the same as the same period last year. The company achieved 145 million tons (Yoy-0.3 per cent) of commercial coal production and 217 million tons (Yoy-3.6 per cent) of sales in the first half of the year, as a result of factors such as the expropriation of land and regional sexual safety and the inadequate supply of coal.
Wang Chimin Research Assistant 420 ton (excluding taxes) (first half of 2018: 432 ton) decreased 2.8 per cent in the same year; on the other hand, company-owned coal production costs decreased by 2.2 per cent to 110.9 ton in the same year due to depreciation of part of the company ' s production equipment in excess of the same price of unserviceable vitamin security charges in the reporting period, in addition to out-of-company purchases
Chaoji Research Assistant Coal sales and unit purchase costs have fallen in the same proportion, while the cost of out-of-coal purchases by companies has fallen by 13.6 per cent over the same period, and corporate coal production has stabilized over the long term, and, against a background of tight supply and demand in the coal industry, coal prices are likely to continue to run at a consistently high rate, and companies are still more profitable.
The cost of coal falls over and above the price of electricity, and the power plate retains its asset advantage of high quality. \triangleright is largely influenced by the completion of a cut-off between the company and the national electricity joint venture, which reduces the capacity of the plate by 3082 million kW to 31.3 million kW, of which coal-fired generators
The total installed capacity of the company was 29,955,000 kWh, representing 96.5% of the total installed capacity of the company; in the first half of the year, the company achieved 79.9 billion kWh (oy-40.2%) in electricity generation, and the sale of China ' s 20,904,429 kWh (601088) was evaluated in a quarterly report: sales cost increased by 5.2% at 323 kWh/mw compared to the same year, the average cost of electricity sold was 258.5 kWh/mWh (Yoy0.8%), the cost of coal fell, the price of electricity sold rose, the public price of electricity was raised.
The power plate of the Division continues to maintain the advantage of high-quality assets. The former power plate was offset by an income of $26.22 billion (youy-35.7 per cent) and a Māori rate of 25.9 per cent.
The vertical integration of road ports has been developed in tandem with the strong performance of the Coalized Industries Block. \triangleright Sindha Securities Inc.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s railway, port and shipping revenues were 24.710 billion yuan, 2,952 million yuan and 1,588 million yuan, representing an increase of 2.3 per cent and 1.0 per cent, respectively, respectively, in the first half of the year.
With the same growth rates of 1.7% and 1.2%, respectively, the company’s coalification industry is showing a sharper performance. We expect that the company’s continued growth of the company’s performance, along with the vertical integration of shipping routes, will further demonstrate the company’s combined strength.
\triangleright projected capital spending of $27.1 billion in the year, the company's cash flow is strong and its operations are robust, we expect that future operating cash flows will cover interest and capital spending well, that the public sector will be expected to increase in the red rate and that the company's cash cattle will grow in importance.
Profit forecasts and ratings: Taking into account the company's joint venture to form a power company, the reduction in the number of installed power units has affected the overall performance of the company, but the strong operational advantages of the company's integrated operation have resulted in a more vertically integrated business model, where synergies between the company's coal, electricity and transport plates have gradually emerged in the broader context of high-price shocks, the company's profitability has remained robust and the company's “growth” rating has been maintained.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected macroeconomics, higher-than-expected decline in coal prices, and security implications of corporate mining. \triangleright financial data on the front page of the company report
Toming Zhok, a Ph.D. from the China Mining University (Beijing), a registered consulting (investment) engineer, a member of the China Geology and Minerals Economics Society, a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's expert bank, a member of the Chinese expert bank for business auditing and auditing, and a former deputy director of the Industry Advisory Office of the Chinese Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Research, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy, and in June 2016, the Union Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal industry.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering of the China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 for research in the coal sector. Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering of the General Coal Science Research Institute, Master of Business and Industry Management of the Chinese People’s University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.