In the first half of 19th year, the return of China's gods to the mother increased by 5.5%.
The semi-annual report for 2019 was published on the evening of 23 July in China (601088). During the reporting period, the company achieved an operating income of $166,365 million, a decrease of 8.6 per cent, attributable to the net profit of shareholders in listed companies of $24,243 million.
During the reporting period, the company continued to take advantage of the integrated industrial chain, with branches operating steadily.
The ratio reached 88.95 per cent, and the company coal business after the gradual return of powered coal to green zones remained stable at a rate of 40.2 per cent of the same year, with transport plate turnover reaching 14,2.9 billion tons of rail transport in the first half of the year, an increase of 3.1 per cent compared to the previous year; and port sales of 122.5 million tons of sewage coal, the same level as the same period last year.
Shipping traffic increased by 6.2 per cent, by 54.8 million tons, by 0.2 per cent, and shipping turnover by 44.7 billion tons of nautical miles, by 0.9 per cent, by 0.9 per cent. The coal-chemical industry achieved 186.5 million tons of polyethylene sales, by 8.7 per cent, and polypropene sales, by 1706 million tons, by 6.4 per cent, by 6.4 per cent, by a significant reduction in electricity generation, mainly as a result of company-to-State electricity at the end of January.
In the first half of the year, the chairman of the company changed to Chairman Wang Xiangxian, President of the National Energy Investment Group, and the chairman of the group became Chairman of the company, which is more conducive to the firm’s long-term stable development.
The Māori rate for the power generation division rose by 5.1 pct to 25.9 per cent; for transport plates, the Māori rate for railways rose by 0.3 pct. Māori for coal-chemical units rose by 1.2 pct to 23.6 per cent, as a result of a higher Māori rate of revenue compared to China ' s largest coal-listed company, coal, electricity generation, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals.
Open Source Securities Co. Ltd. Integrated whole industry chain layout, coal, power generation, transport have become a three-pillar segment of corporate performance, with cost advantages, integrated operating advantages and scale effects in the industry, and significant public enhancement
In the context of supply-side reforms, advanced production accelerates the replacement, and companies are expected to continue to benefit from the policy benefits of advanced energy release, further consolidating the power of God in coal.
The carbon industry is a leader. Corporate equity policies are stable, valuations are relatively low, state-owned reforms are continuing, and there is a long-term interest in the coal plate.
Fig. 1: I am not, nor will I be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.