Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the night of 2 February 2024, Huanhua Chemical released a 2023 fast performance report and Public Administration realized 17,361 million yuan in operating income in 2023, an increase of 5.92 per cent over the same period; achieved a net return to the mother
Four quarters is the traditional light season, with 2023q4 companies bringing together mdi/pure mdi/tdi at an average price, compared with the price of the company at 300 depths, resulting in a drop in the cost of lpg and the cost of the q4 period.
Jean entered a slow pace of growth, demand was relatively weak, aggregate mdi exports were under pressure, tons of tons, and pure mdi exports were 12.10 million tons. After 2022, the United States landscape was moving downwards, with interest rates falling in the future with interest rates on the United States, and United States property was expected to fall.
In the event of a rebound, we expect that the overseas demand, represented by the United States, will be repaired gradually. The polyurethane plus new material production will be able to land and grow in time.
The future supply pattern of mdi and tdi is expected to continue to be good, with prices and price differentials still at the bottom of historical margins, with a greater price elasticity after the recovery of demand. 200,000 tons of poe and 48,000 tons of lemon aldehyde and derivatives are expected to come into production in 2024.
Vitamins and fragrances will be connected. The new energy plate will increase capital spending, and it will not be possible to build a whole industry chain of salt lake lithium, materials manufacturing, and resource recovery. Ethylene II and Punley are also expected to be gradually operational by the end of 2024, with the company's three-in-one layout.
• Qualitative efficiency gains, with a high percentage of returns on investment, and annual cash transfers, which account for the current year's consolidation.
The share of net profits attributable to the shareholders of listed companies is higher than 30% in the statements. In 2020, 2021, and 2022, the company found that the value of the gold dividend represented, respectively, the share of net profits of shareholders of listed companies.
To insist on a sustained and stable cash dividend for investors and to continue to increase project investments in relevant areas in line with the strategic plan of the company, in the context of the ongoing rehabilitation of the company ' s performance in the second quarter, the emergence of new productive capacities and business development objectives,
Long-term investment returns for shareholders. 3.7.mdi has a flat listing in July, and demand for the future remains.
(b) New material projects, etc., are accelerating and are expected to continue to have high capital investments in the future, with a performance hub with (1) the risk that project construction will not progress as expected; (2) the risk that project approval will not progress as expected;
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.