The year-round performance increased, with enhanced implementation of the shareholder return plan, a year-round increase in net returns to mothers, and a year-on-year improvement in the four-quarters performance. The company's profits were on a year-on-year basis.
This growth was achieved, on the one hand, because of the rapid release of new plant capacity and the company’s continued deep-ploughing of the global market, with a corresponding increase in product sales, and, on the other hand, due to factors such as lower prices for major chemical raw materials and energy, lower production costs.
q4 achieves business income of 42.807 billion yuan (Yoy+21.80%, on the other hand, based on data from Begawa, the company’s important products are mdi, pure mdi, tdi Quarterly roe (ttm)
The company discovered that the amount of the gold dividend represented the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in the company's consolidated statements for the year.
To provide a sustained and stable cash dividend, measures are taken to effectively “uplift efficiency gains” and safeguard equity interests; on the other hand, in line with the company's operational status and business development objectives, projects continue to be invested in the relevant areas in line with its strategic plans, with long-term investment returns for shareholders.
The company continues to promote the construction of priority projects such as ethylene II, Pun Lei I, and Fujiantdi II. Of these, the ethylene II project will build 1.2 million tonnes/yearly ethylene and downstream high-end polyolefins, which will lead to autonomous development of p0e, differentiation, etc.
In addition, the two-tdi extension project for 330,000 tonnes in 2023 was launched in 2023.
The monthly EM announcement will further strengthen the corporate tdi’s global leader by completing the post-partum delivery. Investment proposal: The company now forms a deep integrated cluster of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials.
High-end product production will further strengthen corporate leadership and sustain growth. Public exports are expected to fall short of expected risks; domestic macroeconomic recovery will fall short of expected risks; raw material prices will be volatile; industry competition will increase risks; and force majeure events such as natural and man-made disasters will occur.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.