The year 2023 saw a year-on-year rise in corporate growth, a year-on-year rise in basic chemical and chemical products, and a year-on-year improvement in Māori rates and net interest rates.
In 2023, the price of polyurethane increased slightly. The company owns mdi and tdi production with a capacity of 3.1 million tons and 950,000 tons.
By 800,000 tonnes/year, the tdi capacity was expanded from 250,000 tonnes/year to 330,000 tonnes/year. The global polyurethane market continued to face a gradual recovery of domestic demand and weak external demand in 2023, but downstream demand continued to increase slightly throughout the year, driven by the refrigerator freezer, the auto industry, the ellipsic plate, and the ammonia industry.
(b) Long, but overall prices have declined. Consumer demand for pure mdi products has improved throughout the year, with higher levels of foreign trade and domestic demand orders for downstream major industries: polymer mdi products have gradually fallen to a reasonable level as international shipping costs have moved back and downstream refrigerators and freezer exports have increased significantly, but investment needs have fallen short of expectations;
The annual market price for pure mdi/polymdi/tdi was approximately 2/1.6/1.65 million yuan/tonne. Prices of petrochemical products fell overall in 2023. The company ' s petrochemical operations, which are mainly developed in c2, c3 and c4 herb derivatives, currently have a 750,000/year po/ae integration unit and 1 million tonnes/tonne
Huenhua Chemistry (600309.sh) - Acquisition of Anada and Six National Chemical Holdings, improvement of ethylene installations in the past year, 900,000 tonnes/year pdh devices and 1.2 million tonnes/year smoke stations in Punley Phase I. Huenhua Chemistry (600309.sh) - 28% increase in performance in the first quarter of the year.
In 2023, the price of petrochemical products generally fell. In 2023, the price of the company’s main raw materials fell year-on-year.
In 2023, the average price of the company's main raw material, benzene/coal/propane/butane, was equal to the price of the same factors.
The company, as the leader of the polyurethane industry, has a solid profit guarantee, while new projects have improved steadily and consistently. The returns to the mother ' s net profits increased in 2023, and the Māori rate and net interest rate improved in the same way.
The sales volume of the Division ' s main products has increased and the prices of products sold and raw materials have declined in comparison with the previous year.
Figure 3: Annual net profit on mother-to-manufacturing chemistry (millions of yuan) Figure 4: Single-quarter profit on mother-to-manufacturing chemistry (millions of yuan) Figure 5: Māori rate, net interest rate on chemistry
Figure 6: Māori, net interest rate for the Quantities of Chemistry, Figure 7: Quantities of Chemical Marketing, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Rates, Figure 8: Quantities of Chemical Marketing, Management, R & D, Financial Cost Rates
Figure 9: Revenue from the operations of the HDZ (millions of yuan) Figure 10: HDZ Māori (millions of yuan) Small increase in downstream demand for polyurethane and decrease in prices in 2023. Companies own 3.1 million tons of mdi production capacity, tdi
The Fujimudi facility will be technically modified to expand the mdi capacity from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year, and the tdi capacity from 250,000 tonnes/year to 330,000 tonnes/year. The global polyurethane market will continue to face a gradual recovery and a weak external demand in 2023, but downstream demand will be in the refrigerator freezer, the automobile industry, the ellipse board, and the ammonia industry.
Total prices of polyurethane series products showed a downward trend in 2023. Consumer demand for pure mdi products improved throughout the year, with an increase in foreign trade and domestic demand orders in the main downstream industries, with a market price of around $20,000 per tonne per year; polymer mdi products gradually fell to a reasonable level as the cost of international maritime transport fell to a reasonable level, and downstream refrigerators,
While export activity in the freezer sector has grown significantly, investment demand has fallen short of expectations, with an average annual market price of $16,000 per ton to the right; market demand has increased under the leadership of two major downstream industries, home based and automobile, with an average annual market price of around $16,500 per ton.
The price of mdi increased in the fourth quarter of 2023, the price of tdi decreased, the price of petrochemical products decreased in 2023 as a whole. The company ' s petrochemical operations are currently mainly developing c2, c3 and c4 herb derivatives, with a current set of 750,000 tonnes/year po/ae integration units and 1 million tonnes/year of ethylene devices, one in Punley.
The construction of 900,000 tonnes/year pdh and 1.2 million tonnes/year of ethylene devices on the smoke station is under way. Prices of petrochemical products have generally declined in the whole year 2023. Prices of the company ' s main raw materials have fallen year-on-year in 2023.
The prices of the company’s main raw materials, pure benzene, coal, propane, and butane, fell on the same basis. The price of crude oil, among other things, fell on the same basis in 2023. Prices for the whole year increased and dropped twice. The average price for the second half of the year was higher than for the first half. The annual price of pure benzene in 2023 was $7,250 per ton, a decrease of 10.77 per cent as compared with the previous year.
Coal production and imports have increased, and the overall supply and demand of coal has been relaxed, with coal prices moving down as a whole in 2023. In 2023, coal powered at an average price of $851 per ton per kilocalories, a 25.09 per cent decline over the same period. In 2023, propane, the company ' s projects at various bases were successfully modified, driven, and new materials for high-end chemicals continued to progress.
Major repairs to industrial parks with a total of 46 installations for major technical improvements; the successful implementation of the 400,000 tonnes mdi technology enhancement project by the Hungarian company bc: 400,000 tonnes/year pvc installation, 250,000 tonnes/year tdi installation, 360,000 tonnes/year benzidine installation drive as planned or ahead of schedule; the high production of the chain of the Vanhua Sichuan acetylene industry, with sustained cost reductions, with some electricity
The company's autonomous production of icylate sequesters, polyethamines, methamine devices was successfully driven once; Kapom was successfully driven once; the medical use of pmma new products was successfully developed and sales were gradually increased; xlpe, ms resin, etc. were tested. Battery materials were used as the company's second-growth curve in 2023.
Investments suggest that the company’s main business, polyurethane, is more relevant to real estate, and that the polyurethane industry is ready to warm back. As the leader of the polyurethane industry, the company has a solid profit guarantee, while the new project progresses steadily.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject