The company's research, the company's quick assessment, the foundation chemicals, the chemical products.
Corporate Proclamation: On February 26, 2024, Manchuria issued a communiqué on foreign investment and progress on the Framework Agreement on Equity Change, which states that instead of receiving part of the shares of the Conservative Copper Group, it is directly receiving part of the shares of the Condomized Copper Group Battery and Technology Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Multiwatt Battery”) held by the Consumed Copper Group. On that day, Manchuria signed with the Group.
The Agency ' s Agreement on the Transfer of Shares in Angé Anada titanium S.A. and the Agreement on the Transfer of Shares in Angé Six National Chemical S.A., trillion yuan. Of this amount, 32.68 million shares in Anada, or 15.20 per cent of the total share in Anada, or 9.15 million yuan per unit, are held in the amount of RMB299 million; and 26.08 million shares in the share of six national chemical workers, or 5.00 per cent of the total share in the six national chemical companies, are held in the concession group.
For each unit, the amount of the transaction is RMB 116 million.) According to the NCF: 1) Million-watt batteries are a key chemical development orientation, and this trade has helped to improve the upstream raw material industry chain and enhance its core competitiveness in the battery industry, especially the lithium phosphate industry: 2) titanium powder in Anada and existing paints in the chemistry industry.
The operations such as plastics and ink have great complementarities and co-benefits; 3) HDZ can use its own experience and operational capacity to support and secure, to some extent, the future development of the company; 4) based on the HDZ 2023 Express, the company collected $17,536 million in 2023, resulting in a net profit of $16,81 billion from the mother, which corresponds to $5.36 million for the ps and 14.6 x for the PUR sector.
In 2023, the real-estate industry went down, and there was a similar decline in new construction and sales, and domestic demand for furniture was weak, with the polyurethane industry declining. The polyurethane industry, with its overall supply easing and its temperature warming, took some time, so we pushed the firm down to issue an announcement on the progress of foreign investment and the Equity Change Framework Agreement.
On February 26, 2024, the Mandarin Chemical Proclamation stated that it would no longer be subject to a share in the Consignment Group, but that instead it would be directly subject to the shareholdings of Anada and the Six National Chemical Industries (N6) held by the Group, through the All-China Chemical Full-Incorporated Company, Wanhua, Chemical Group Battery and Technology Ltd. On that day, Manhua Battery and Copper Group signed the Agreement on the Transfer of Shares in the Angé Anada Titanium Industries and the Angé Six Nationalization Agreement.
In the agreement on the transfer of shares of S.E.A., the 10,000-watt batteries are transferred by agreement, respectively, to Anada 15.20 per cent and to the six national chemicals industry 5 per cent, respectively, for a total amount of $415 million. Of that amount, $9.15 was collected at the unit price per share on the second-tier market in Anada on the date on which the transfer agreement was signed, 32.68.3 million shares in the licensed copper group, or 15.20 per cent of the total shares in Anada were traded.
In the amount of RMB299 million; in the amount of RMB290 million; in the amount of 26,08 million shares held by the conglomerates, the share of the six national chemical companies in the total shares of the six national chemicals companies in the amount of 5.00 per cent; in the amount of RMB1.16 million, the exchange price of the six national chemical secondary markets in the amount of RMB4.44 per unit on the day prior to the date the transfer agreement was signed; in the case of Anada, the cell would be its first shareholder, with 15.20 per cent of the share, and in the case of the copper collectors still hold Anada.
14.7999% of shares. By consensus, the Copper Group and the Manpower Batteries signed the Unanimous Actors Agreement, which provides that the Copper Group will act in line with the Volvo Batteries in the Anada Unit voting matters, and that the directors nominated by the Copper Group will act in line with the directors nominated by the Volvo Batteries in the Anada Board voting matters.
Nada actually controls. For the six national chemicals industry, the 10,000-watt batteries will hold 5.00% of their shares, and promise that, for the next 12 months, the Vanhua chemical and its controlled companies will not become shareholders and actual controllers of the six national chemicals industry.
Anada's main chemical industry is titanium powder, phosphate iron, phosphorus compost, etc. Anada is mainly involved in the development, production and marketing of titanium powder products, the main product being the series of titanium powders, titanium powders and titanium powders, with a capacity of 80,000 tons per year for the production of titanium powder with sulphate.
Manufactured and marketed by the six national chemicals industry, which is a major professional phosphorus compost and phosphorus chemical industry in the east of China, are fertilizers (nitrofertilization, phosphorous fertilizer, potassium fertilizer), fertilizers (combined fertilizer, compost, water soluble fertilizer and microbiological fertilizer), chemical products (precision phosphate, phosphate), chemical raw materials. The six national chemicals industry has 300,000 tonnes/year of ammonium phosphate and ammonium diphosphate production capacity.
640,000 tonnes/year, 300,000 tonnes/year for urea, and 1.5 million tonnes/year for composite fertilizer. Quadratic batteries are a major chemical development focus, and this trade will help to improve the upstream raw material industrial chain in HD batteries and enhance their core competitiveness in the battery industry, especially the phosphate lithium industry.
At the same time, with its own experience and its ability to operate, the company is able to develop in the future, to some extent, as a target company, and in 2023, it received and realized the same increase in the net profits of the mother, which, according to the fast report of the year 2023, generated the same growth in the company’s operating income and the net profits of the mother. The company achieved the same growth in the year 2023.
17,536 million yuan, or 5.92 per cent of the year; 16.81 billion yuan, or 3.57 per cent of the year; and 16,641 billion yuan, or 3.87 per cent of the year, of the year, of the year-on-year non-period.
The sales volume of the company ' s products increased on a year-on-year basis in 2023, but sales prices fell on a year-on-year basis, subject to factors such as the decline in the prices of major chemical materials and energy sources.
At $5.36, the current share price is 14.6 x. The company’s main business polyurethane industry is more relevant to real estate, with a decline in the same size of new construction and sales in 2023, a weaker domestic furniture market demand and a lower profile in the polyurethane sector.
" Mandarin chemistry (600309sh) - The proposed acquisition of a huge re-engineering of the tdi industry for smoke stations to build up the status of the global monocrylate giants " : the author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.