Quantified chemistry (600309.sh) comes out of the blue, performance meets expectations, and shareholder returns are valued.
In addition, the company proposes to maintain a sustained focus on the main business, strengthen core competitiveness, strengthen the implementation of shareholder return schemes, and contribute effectively to the “high-yielding efficiency returns.” The assessment is that the new production capacity is driving the growth of sales, and that the company is still sustaining itself against the backdrop of declining prices for the main product.
q4 season performances are equal, corporate profitability is more pronounced. Companies focus on shareholder returns, watch as they maintain a stable share of dividends, long-term returns are more certain, and maintain that “buyer performance doubles and price reductions increase or decrease costs: the price of chemicals in the 2023 cycle generally drops, public prices, etc.”
The price of PUR, the main product of the Division, fell in the same year, with a sum of RMB 1.58 million per ton in 2023 for polymer mdi, the production of 400,000 tons of mdi at Fujian Industrial Park, the production of 250,000 tons of tdi in May 2023, as well as the expansion of the production capacity of petrochemical and fine-chemical units, and the company ' s annual sales grew at the same rate.
The company’s performance has remained stable in relation to the base period of q4 years, which is lower. The company’s main product of q4 seasons is concentrated ton (Yoy+12%, qoq-2%), with an average price of 17.1 million yuan per ton (Yoy-14%, qoq-5%).
The price of pure benzene at the end of the raw material has fallen slightly, but the price of power coal and propane has increased. In the face of falling product prices and rising prices for some of the raw materials, the company has maintained a stable performance ring, which is good for company cost control and profitability.
China, where the size of the company’s niche continues to rise, further expands, looking at the protection of the corporate advantage. Focusing on shareholder returns, stabilizing cash dividends: the company proposes a “high return on efficiency gains,” and focusing on the present.
In the last three years, the company’s share of the cash share in the net profit of the parent was a steady return on investment from the good share. Profit forecasts: PUR prices are still low, we fix the profit forecast, and the company is expected to earn the share.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.