On February 3, 2024, Mandarin Chemical published "On Pushing the Company" \triangleright.
A highly integrated industrial chain, deeply integrated polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials.
The year-round performance, with both year-round revenue and profit growth. Supermarket performance expected in the fourth quarter of 2023, with strong performance resilience. Company ' s 2023 uncensored \triangleright
Financial data taken into account shows an increase of 5.92 per cent in operating income of $17,361 million for the year as a whole; a net profit of $16,814 million for the mother, an increase of 3.57 per cent for the year as a whole; net profit of Liu Haiyong, net profit net of non-recurring gains and losses
Prices have remained relatively stable since the beginning of the quarter, with companies exploring the potential of the domestic market through sustained efficiency gains, expanding the foreign market space and achieving both a backlash and a profit gain in an overall weak demand environment.
The company will strengthen its shareholder returns plan and enhance its communication with investors. The company values investors \triangleright
For the next three years, the company's annual cash share has been rededicated over the last three years.
Assessment: Quarterly net gains increased by 28 per cent over the same period, and the volume of sales of the plates was stable; the amount represented more than 30 per cent of the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies in the consolidated statements for the year.
The steady upturn in performance is in line with market expectations and business development objectives of 2023/07/31, continuing to scale up investment in related areas in line with corporate strategic planning, generating long-term investment returns for shareholders and enhancing communication with investors.
The main business landscape has recovered, and new materials are gaining ground: the company is a leader in the chemical industry in the country, and strong competition has been established in the areas of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, and so on through continuous technological innovation and industry chain layout.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.