On March 18, 2023, Volkswagen Chemical, 2023 J. \triangleright.
Four quarters of the year, 42.807 billion yuan in sales revenue was realized, an increase of 21.80 per cent over the same period, a significant increase in sales of polyurethane and fine chemicals, and petrochemical operations will be launched on important projects.
In 2023, the urethane plate achieved 4.89 million tons of product sales, an increase of 16.99 per cent in the same year, 1.3 million tons of fine chemicals, an increase of 25.00 per cent in the same year, and 55.56 per cent in the same year, mainly from mdi, tdi, polyether, modifier,
In 2023, petrochemical products were sold on a relatively stable scale. Projects such as Pyroethylene II and Punley have been transferred from civil construction.
By the time the equipment is installed, the petrochemicals business is expected to be operational in 2024. Investment mergers and acquisitions are active in partnership with equity, accelerating the integration of industry resources.
The company is the largest supplier of tdi worldwide, with 90% of the giant shares in the smoke station. The company has a joint venture with Foster and Tsikhoon to run Poe; the company has announced a cooperative M & A project for six national chemicals and annada to improve the company’s industrial chain in the field of battery materials.
At the same time, the company restructured the battery material plate and introduced the China-China investment company. The return on shareholders is expected to continue to increase, with a two-fold increase in revenue and profits.
Technological innovation is rich, and many industries are active. In 2023, the company acquired a number of major copper groups in 2.0 million watts of chemistry (600309.sh): the technology fell to the ground: mdi low hydrochloric acid was used more than the new process, and plant energy consumption was further reduced; a new generation of tdi was introduced.
A second growth curve for battery material operations and a 20-year technical device for production in Fujian, with polyether continuous single production up to 500,000 tonnes/year, the largest in the world; a self-developed Pochp industrialization device about to drive; and a self-researched monocrylate sequesterer, concentration
Tri-quarterly reporting points in 2023. Ethamine and meth control devices successfully drove; Xlpe for ultra-high-pressure cable tested successfully.
In terms of services: new Ministry of Chlorine Industries, with the highest number of direct domestic customers; domestic circulation of pc products up to 2023/10/16, with exports in the second highest position in China; gradual improvement of the triad of battery materials; tpu
Performance continued to pick up, in line with market expectations - 2023/07/31 - where the domestic market share of the garment business was the highest. above, it laid the foundation for the growth of the company’s business over the next few years, with 50,000-watt chemistry (600309.sh) reporting in the first quarter of 2023.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader in the domestic chemical industry and has established a strong competitive advantage through continuous technological innovation and industry chain layout in the areas of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, new materials, etc. Poe, Ethylene II, and Punley are expected to be operational in 2024.
11x, 9x. We look at corporate trends and maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, produces the report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.