Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the evening of March 18, 2024, the annual report 2023 was published by Huenhua Chemical, and in 2023, the company actually increased by 3.59 per cent. The company achieved its operating income of 42.807 billion yuan in the fourth quarter of the year.
. 2023q4 Falling prices for main-brand products, better sales rings for polyurethane plates, less traditional seasons in the fourth quarter, falling prices for main-pattern products, and 2023q4 aggregate mdi/ company prices compared to 300 deep trends
+19.95 +16.99 + 7.14 % PUR block sales increased mainly from the expansion of capacity such as phenol a, hdi etc., but the decline in prices of new materials and di-type products resulted in tax incentives for the PUR block.
• Adding old and new policies to US interest-reduction expectations, mdi’s demand is expected to improve in the future, and the prices are now being supported by downstream mdi’s demand moving into the spring season. In the long run, the Council of State has officially issued the Action Programme for the Promotion of Large-scale Equipment Renewal and Consumer Consumption for Old and New Operations.
In the offshore sector, since 2022, the overseas economy has been growing slowly, with relatively weak demand and a pressure on the prices of polymer mdi exports, but the volume of mdi exports has remained constant.
High, in 2023, polymer mdi exports reached 104.37 million tons, pure mdi exports from the United States reduced interest rates, mortgage interest rates fell gradually, US property was expected to rebound, and we expect the overseas demand, represented by the United States, to be repaired gradually.
● Polyurethane plus new material production can be phased in and grow in the future
The future supply pattern of mdi and tdi is expected to continue to be good, with prices and price differentials still at the bottom of historical margins, with a greater price elasticity after the recovery of demand. 200,000 tons of poe and 48,000 tons of lemon aldehyde and derivatives are expected to come into production in 2024.
Vitamins and fragrances will be connected to each other. The new energy plate will increase capital spending, but it will continue to be repaired in the 3.2 quarter, and the new production will be in place, with the prospect of creating an all-industry chain of lithium from salt lakes, materials manufacturing, and resource recovery closing.
The new energy, spices, poe, semiconductor is the global leader of the polyurethane industry.
New material projects, etc., accelerate their progress and are expected to sustain high levels of capital investment in the future, with the risk of (1) less than expected project construction: (2) less than expected project approval;
(3) Risk of significant price fluctuations in raw materials: Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of the present report. Data and information used in the present report are from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.