On February 3th, Manchuria announced that it would promote the company's “promotion efficiency return”, and issued a 2023 performance report, and the company achieved business income in 2023.
3.57 per cent long; net benefits attributable to shareholders of listed companies net of non-recurring gains and losses Rapid release of plant production capacity, continued deep-deeping in the global market, with higher sales on a par, but lower sales prices of company products compared to that of major chemical plants
The combined effect of factors such as falling prices for materials and energy and falling production costs for products has been an increase in the net profits attributable to the company ' s operating earnings and shareholders in listed companies over the same period of the previous year.
mdi’s global first, new projects to boost growth, 1, `Multi-Wald Chemical' (600309): Newly-Energized Company Holdings, “Won-Wah Fu Building Icylates” is to be built on the existing mdi installation base.
Continuous release, polyurethane taps retraced 2023-12-27 million tonnes/year. Accompanied gas enhancement project is also under way and is to be synthesized over the same period.
Air capacity is raised to 330,000 nm3/h and a 200,000-tonne/year synthetic ammonia device is being built simultaneously, with a total construction cycle expected to be 45 months.
3.8 million tonnes/year, distributed in smoke stations, Ningbo, Fujian, and Hungary, and ranked first in the world. On 30 January, the Mdi Phase II facility (800 000 tonnes/year) of the Van Ninbo Industrial Park, which was repaired by parking, was declared re-incarcated.
• Strengthened implementation of shareholder return plans, and continued stabilization of the dividends policy The company has developed and disclosed the `Shareholder Return Plan for the next three years (2021-2023) for the chemistry of HDW. For the last three years, the annual cash share of the company has been the sum of the current year's share.
The proportion of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies is more than 30%. 2020-Noir, while ensuring normal operations, insists on providing investors with a consistent and steady cash bonus, in line with the company’s operating status and business development objectives.
Corporate strategic planning continues to increase project investment in related areas, bringing downside risks to shareholders; risks of high volatility in product prices; risks of under-construction of projects; risks of being constrained by environmental policy start-up; and downstream demand less than expected
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
In 2023, he joined the Chinese securities research program Liu Han: Material Engineering at Nakayama University/Master of Finance at the City University of Hong Kong, and three years of major research in energy chemicals reflected his research. I did not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.