The company issued an announcement on 3 February 2024, which will take steps to “recover the efficiency gains”.
Four quarters perform relatively well, once again highlighting the competitiveness of the main industry. According to performance forecasts, the company achieved 42.8 billion yuan in operating revenue in four quarters, a 22% increase over the same period, followed by 400,000 tons of mdi and 250,000 tons of tdi from the company’s Fujian base.
1. “Wanhua Chemical Company Review: The Program is Long and Fair,” which triggered a larger increase in corporate revenue as a whole, with a small drop in prices from the dominant product of the company in the fourth quarter, with pure mdi and polymer mdi in four seasons, according to the data from Begawa.
2. "Wanhua Chemical Company Review: Acquisition of Copper Group, further improvement of industry averages of $20895 per ton, $15784 per ton, and a smaller price of the same value compared to 3. "Wanhua Chemical Company Review: Keeping Performance Stable, Expecting New Projects " ,
At a time of relative pressure in the industry as a whole, firms’ strengths in size and in the industrial chain are evident, and competitiveness is particularly pronounced in the context of relative pressure on the supply and demand of the industry. Polyurethane projects continue to expand production capacity, and new materials are being broken, and new materials are emerging for the company’s development.
In 2023, the company continued to produce new projects, with effective breakthroughs in such projects as Poe, which were laid out in the field of fine chemicals. On the one hand, the company further expanded the capacity of the Fukushima base in the formerly dominant polyurethane, to build on existing mdi installations.
Expanding the capacity of mdi installations from 400,000 tonnes/year to 800,000 tonnes/year through technological adaptation is expected to increase the company ' s strength again, reduce production costs and further enhance its competitive advantage; on the other hand, new material projects for the company ' s continued layout, through the industrial chain
Improving the competitiveness of existing products, along with further expansion of product categories, and developing the ability and competitiveness of companies in the field of fine chemicals, is expected to be achieved through the industrialization of poe, lemon, enormity and spices in the third track of the company.
Profit projection, valuation and rating - - - - sweeper for more services
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market