Xu's three-quarterly review report for 25 years, Xu's MTM (stock code: 000425) Māori ratio of 25q3 is more than equal, and the level of cost control is higher: Māori rate of 25q1-3
Changes in the structure and product structure of the area sales, with a slightly lower share of Māori, such as inward sales, small digs, increasing multiple times the cash flow of 25q3 q3, the increase in impairments and the decrease in investment returns affected pre-tax profits of $480 million.
Impairment losses of $330 million and $156 million, respectively, are about $130 million more than in the same period. The return on investments in the engineering and machinery industry is resonant in one season, and the new equity stimulus is driving high-quality development. The data from the first three quarter meetings show the same ratio of sales inside and outside excavators + 21.5 per cent/+14.6 per cent, and the same ratio in September alone.
+21.5 per cent/+29 per cent. In September, there was a full recovery in all types of engineering cranes and a two-month reduction in high-lift sales. Domestic, recovery was stronger, demand for wind and water projects continued, and non-digging showed a warming trend; overseas, inventory digestion, interest-reduction expectations, fiscal stimulus, and a gradual recovery in Europe and the United States.
The industry of advanced machinery continues to enjoy a positive internal and external sales resonance. As a leading manufacturer of domestic engineering machinery, companies continue to expand overseas, earth machinery, new energy products, and second-curve mine machinery, adding a new set of equity incentives to the ground, and we expect companies to adapt to industry trends and unleash further business dynamism.
1. Mid 25-year-old Galactic Mechanics reported an excellent performance of the non-mother ' s net profit and a steady improvement in the quality of its operations.
Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xin Xu Xin Xu Xin Xiang Xin Xin Xiang Xin Xiang Xin Xin Xiang Xin Xin Xin Xin Xin Xiang Xiang Xin
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics of the service, concerns about its use and the risks or losses that may result if it is improperly used.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.