Shanghai Medicine (601607), M & A Kandeh Lei China, ranked second in rank as a major industry event.
Shanghai Medicines (601607) announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Centuryglobal, had signed a purchase agreement on 15 November 2017 with Condler Cayman on the acquisition of 100 per cent of Kandler Malaysia ' s shares, thereby indirectly owning, through Condela Malaysia, its establishment in Hong Kong and China.
The transaction’s basic purchase price is $1.2 billion, and the final purchase price is expected to be about $557 million. The M&A of Candle China is more strategic than short-term performance contributions.
Kondler China is the eighth largest medical dealer in the country. The revenue from the fiscal year ended 30 June was 25.5 billion yuan, with a net profit of about 130 million yuan, while Shanghai medicine cost 557 million yuan (approximately 3.7 billion yuan rmb) for mergers and acquisitions.
With 21% of Shanghai medicine and 4% of profits (for the whole of 2016) and a lower operating profit margin (only 0.5%), we believe that the acquisition of Kandler China is more strategic than a short-term performance contribution, and that it is a concrete reflection of the web layout: strengthening existing ones, filling gaps. This acquisition has strengthened companies in Shanghai, Beijing, Zhejiang, etc.
The network depth of the core market, which covers more end-user medical clients, has expanded the gap areas of Tianjin, Chongqing and Guizhou, expanding the company distribution network to 24 provinces and accelerating the pace of development to cover 28 provinces throughout the country by 2020.
Importing pharmaceutical agents: The industry is in the top position. Candler China is one of the largest imported pharmaceutical agents in the country, and the total number of imported pharmaceutical agents will rise to the top of the industry, becoming the largest Chinese importer, the dtp pharmacy, plus the company ' s 40 or so dtp pharmacy, and it will build a Chinese brand of high-quality dtp professionals.
A chain of pharmacies to consolidate the company’s leading position in the dtp pharmacy.
After the M&A, Shanghai medicine enhanced logistics services in the field of pharmaceuticals. The two-vote system was fully established, with short-term transfers affected and long-term benefits integrated.
In the short term, business transfers in the circulation sector do not comply with the principle of double-counting, and the distribution of medicines in Shanghai accounts for about 35% of the total, and will remain in the future.
There is a gradual reduction in the trend, but a low profit margin for the transfer of business has limited impact on the overall profit end. Double-counting and selection of distributors promote greater concentration in the industry and facilitate the integration of large-scale market-based policies such as medicine in Shanghai, and long-term beneficial industries.
Considering the impact of Candler, which we expect to be in 2018, we expect Shanghai medicine to perform poorly on the assets acquired in 2017-2019; the risk of loss of goodwill; increased competition in the circulation business; and higher financial costs. Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University, currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.