Performance is held up by the joint venture, long-term benefits from double-counting, consistency evaluation, Shanghai medicine,
The three quarterly reports issued by the company in Shanghai resulted in revenues of $99,031 million, an increase of 9.41 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net return to the mother of $2,689 million, an increase of 9.42 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2,456 million after deduction, an increase of 7.59 per cent over the same period.
q3 q3 Q3 achieved 33.253 million yuan, an increase of 7.89 per cent, a net return to the mother of 763 million yuan, an increase of 5.35 per cent, a net gain of 685 million yuan, an increase of 0.49 per cent in the year.
The profit contribution of joint ventures in the first three quarters fell by 10.67 per cent over the same period owing to new inputs to the market as well as lower prices for products. In the first half of the year, joint ventures earned $391 million in 17 years, an increase of 10.94 per cent over the same period, while q3 joint ventures earned $35.5 million, a sharper decline from the previous year's share of 12,448 million, delaying an overall increase in corporate q3.
After excluding the influence of the joint venture, the company ' s net profits in the first three quarters grew by 14.26 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as shown by the pharmaceutical industry: the company ' s revenues in the first three quarters were $87,878 million, an increase of 18.70 per cent, and its contribution profits increased by 14.26 per cent.
The main reasons for the high growth in the company ' s pharmaceutical industry, according to them, are two things: the merger of the purchasing of vitacco. The company acquired Vitacco in December last year, and we estimated that it had affected the industrial plate ' s revenue growth rate by about 7 per cent; two companies continued to implement a focused product strategy, with 60 priority varieties now growing at a higher rate, and the Māori rate increased considerably.
(g) Pharmaceutical commerce: the company achieved revenue of $87,878 million in the business block in the previous three quarters, an increase of 8.33 per cent over the previous quarter, and a profit contribution increase of 11.38 per cent. The growth rate of business sector revenue was slower than at the mid-point, mainly as a result of the two-vote system ' s continued presence in the provinces, but because of its low Māori rate.
The main logic of the two-vote system is to accelerate the increase in concentration in the sector, which in 2017 will be the two-vote year of national landfall, and to set in motion a business consolidation trend for the next two to three years, with companies continuing to benefit as champions. Despite the short-term impact of the two-vote system on the transfer of business, the growth of corporate revenues will be affected.
However, because the transfer is a low Maori business, it has little impact on the corporate profits as a whole, and then part of the transfer will gradually move to a higher Maori net sales business. For a single factor analysis of the transfer, we believe that 2018q3 will see an improvement in the single-quarter redeployment operation (such as the import of pharmaceuticals) compared to the marginal.
3. Consistency evaluation continues to advance, and the competitive environment in the industrial sector is expected to improve. Companies continue to advance consistency evaluation, which is reported to have revealed that more than 20 pharmaceutical research institutions and 44 products have been selected for clinical cooperation, with 15 products entering the clinical phase (of which 36 species, 43 are outside the 289 catalogue).
We believe that the diversity of corporate industrial plates is dominated by generic drugs, and that the company's strong push for consistency evaluation is expected to improve the future competitive environment of industrial plates, on the one hand, with a higher winning price at the same quality level as the original ones during the bidding process, and on the other hand, with more than three varieties passing one.
The competitive pattern is expected to improve in the future without procuring the varieties that have not been evaluated through consistency following the sexual evaluation. 18x, 16x, 14x, with companies leading the area of circulation, short-term performance is subject to fluctuations due to zero additions, new signposts, double-counting affecting the transfer of operations, but the logic of long-term benefits from the integration of the circulation industry remains unchanged, while the corporate industrial block is expected to accelerate as the evaluation of consistency progresses.
Growth, adding up to the expected expanses of the new directorship of the company, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. Circulation industry is not as integrated as expected; consistency evaluation packages are not being implemented as expected.
One of the seven core members of the new wealth team in 2015 and the third core member of the crystal ball in 2015. M.A. Pharmacology, North, Beijing University.
B.A. in Pharmacology, Beijing University, and Kwan Koko, three years old.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.