Shanghai Medicine (601607.sh) is more strategic than short-term profits.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company basics (RMB) Company announces 100% acquisition of Condreux China shares, expected final purchase price of $557 million, approximately
Many times; the basic purchase price of $1.2 billion is about 14.7 times the value of the firm’s pre-tax depreciation net profit (ebitda). On that day, the group of upstaters provided $100 million in loans to the company’s fully-owned subsidiary for physical medicine (contract 6.64).
Condélé’s participation will speed up the construction of a national network and stabilize China’s second largest pharmaceutical-flowing enterprise.
The new provinces of Hebei, Liaoning, Heilongjiang and Yunnan, where the original network was concentrated in Huadong, Beijing and Guangzhou, began 15 years ago, this acquisition could help expand the gap between Tianjin, Chongqing and Guizhou.
At the same time, the depth of the company’s network in the core markets of Shanghai, Beijing, Zhejiang, etc. was further consolidated. By 2016, the three major national mobile companies were distributing their revenues, the country’s drug control, 3.
Condolence’s central business is co-opportunities, making the company one of China’s largest importers of medicines. Condler China is one of the largest importers of medicines in the country, and this is the current collection.
The purchase will enhance the company’s international pharmaceutical supply chain service capacity, enrich the company’s agents’ drug and non-pharmaceutical product categories, and the total number of imported drug agents will leapfrog to the top of the industry to become China’s largest importing drug agent, the dtp network, which is expected to create a professional brand chain.
There are more than 40 dtp pharmacies in the region and 30 dtp pharmacies in 22 cities in Condreux China. This acquisition will form the first-largest Dtp brand chain in China with a single brand, a single one, and an excellent service, and will result in more than RMB 6 billion in consolidated income.
The company has developed strategic cooperation with Condélé’s headquarters to expand its niche third-party medical and equipment logistics services. Shanghai medicine has increased its logistics services in the field of appliances this year, and Condélé’s accession to China is expected to accelerate the distribution of medical equipment and innovatively provide clients with technology-driven solutions and end-to-end supplies.
Li Xingray Business plate: Condélé's participation will lead to faster progress from the national network to the depth of the network, and revenue from the original business will decline in the short term due to a reduction in transfers under the two-vote system, but with the net sales ratio
Industrial plates: with vitaco cumulation (short term), core variety marketing combs (medium term), generic drug benefits, marketing reforms have begun to show, with net profit growth of 15.51 per cent in the previous three quarters; 60 priority items
▪ Retail operations: We believe that the dtp model can better absorb the outflow of prescriptions, and that this business will increase significantly after the acquisition of Condreux China. At the profit end: 16 years with a 50% increase in investment returns from joint ventures, it is more expensive than 17 years of total performance.
Big. Three-quarter joint venture companies contributed 10.67 per cent less than the year before, dragging the profits up, removing this factor, and increasing the net profits of mothers by 14.26 per cent more than the year before.  We believe that the medicine has gone into the first line of medical reform policy, both in circulation and industry.
It is expected that growth will continue to be robust in the context, with a “growth” rating. Poor expansion of distribution operations, improved marketing of core varieties, higher financial costs, non-recurring income waves, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.