US$ 557 million to buy Kandler China, distribution business like Tiger, November 16, 2017.
Xu Wangyang's fully-owned subsidiary, Centuryglobal, is expected to pay about $557 million in cash to Kandler's fully-owned subsidiary, Kandler Cayman, to buy 100 per cent of Kondler Malaysia's shares.
Indirect ownership of all Chinese operations in Hong Kong and China through Kondela Malaysia.
Financial data and the “price adjustment mechanism” set out in the purchase-equity agreement as at 30 June have been calculated as approximately 14.7 times the value of the enterprise's pre-tax depreciation net profit (ebitda).
Our point of view: regional expansion, dtp business enhancement, increased number of proxy varieties, increased profitability of industrial plates, enhanced corporate capacity for distribution
1. Growth in size and synergy of distribution services in Shanghai medicine in the first quarter of 2017
Condolé's business is divided into five major sectors: distribution of medicines, distribution of medical equipment, M&A acquisition of 24,000 non-pharmaceutical products such as medical devices, vaccines and blood in North Subei, Guangdong, and the remainder.
Shanghai Medicines: Medical Business Multiply Policy Direct Marketing Company, 17 distribution operations centres with networks of distributors covering 322 cities, services in the near future, industrial barriers, state enterprise reforms
There are 11,000 downstream clients, including medical institutions, and 30 dtp pharmacies.
The Shanghai Medical Distribution Network has been expanded to 24 provinces, and this acquisition has further enhanced the depth of the network in core markets such as Shanghai, Beijing, Zhejiang, and has added Tianjin, Chongqing, and Guizhou provinces to the map.
Shanghai Medicine and Condélé have agreed on a full-scale strategic partnership, and Condélé will become strategic partners in Shanghai Medicine’s business expansion in the United States. Since last year, Shanghai Medicine has proposed an international development route, with $930 million to buy 60% of Vitacco’s shares, sharing the benefits of future growth in the industry.
In support of overseas investment and acquisitions by our companies and affiliates, the group lent $100 million to upper-field medicine ($664 million in a discounted contract), which was supported by the Shanghai Business Group and, in the larger context of the tightening of overseas acquisitions, insisted on the future of medicine in Shanghai.
1.2dtp Pharmacies re-infused new blood and continued to consolidate the dtp Pharmacy's leadership.
There are 30 dtp dispensaries under the Kantler flag, and the two sides will unite to build the first-largest Chinese dtp brand pharmacy. The dtp pharmacy provides insurance, financial instalments, distributions, etc. around patients. As hospitals move from the grass-roots to retail pharmacies, the potential of the dtp displacing and growing.
By the end of 2015, the company ' s dtp operation covered 24 cities, with 30 dtp-point pharmacies, generating sales revenue of 2,478 million yuan for the year ' s platform, an average of 83 million yuan for the country ' s dtp east Wu Quixin
Figure 3: Shanghai pharmaceutical dtp operating income (million yuan) 1.3 proxy varieties are integrated, complementary, and import agent space is wide. Candler China is one of the largest importers of pharmaceuticals in the country. About 80% of the Kandler product structure is in progress.
The acquisition will enhance the company’s ability to service the international supply chain, enrich the company’s agent’s range of medicines and non-pharmaceutical products, and the total number of imported drug agents will leapfrog to the top of the industry, becoming China’s largest importer and distributor of medicines, while expanding the supply of medicine in Shanghai.
Figure 6: The number of new company varieties (numbers)
2. In order to improve the efficiency of its operations and improve its profitability, it is hoped that it will increase its income in 2016 by 25.518 billion yuan, a 13 per cent increase over the previous year.
Mergers and stock-driven net post-tax profits of $131 million, a 14 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to a one-time impairment of assets and part of the retrenchment costs. Shanghai medicine, in conjunction with Candler, is expected to increase its net sales interest rate.
Figure 7: Māori rates for pharmaceutical distribution and distribution in Shanghai III. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: chemistry, which is expected to accelerate growth in both endogenous and expansive aspects of pharmaceutical business. We therefore maintain the “buy-in” rating.
The policy fell short of expectations, investment M & As integration was lower than expected, and pharmaceutical industry development was lower than expected.