It's hard to change the low-prevalence base for new energy efficiency.
On February 04, 2020, the virus spreads unresistible temperatures and gradually cools off with the rising temperatures, which coincides with the demand for heat boosters in the air-conditioning market. According to the Ovie data, 61.8% of the year was sold off the air-conditioning line in March-July 1919, the same period on the line.
Cao Xute accounts for 62.7% more, and needs are released at high temperatures. In the context of the current epidemic’s systemic repression of the market, the demand for air conditioning is the strongest resistance to the epidemic in electricity and the demand is more stable.
The February-March epidemic led to a short drop in the air conditioner season, but the need was secured with the warming outbreak control. Qin I super locked the orders early in the year, and short-term demand was secured.
The bulk of these orders have not yet been installed in the manufacturer's inventory and channel bank. As the renovation team stopped in January-February, the air-conditioning order was actually delivered after March.
At the peak, the company created a comparative competitive advantage by pre-positioning a portion of its 20q1 demand, in the context of the current dramatic reduction in the flow and promotion of electricity below and below the line. The market policy of 19h1 was based on a low base, and the 20h1 crop was expected to lead.
Consultations did not take place on a proactive strategic layout, with the downside price of the power line in January-July 19 being the lowest of the main items, with monthly prices below the line increasing by 4.2-8.7 pct on a year-on-year basis over the market as a whole. This resulted in the public department reporting only 4.6% of the increase in the main air-conditioning camp in 19 years, which was significantly lower than the rate of growth in the industry.
Given that non-market-related companies have increased their air conditioners at a much faster rate than the market, the 20h1 air conditioners are expected to grow at a significantly faster rate than the market average in a low base setting. New energy efficiency has introduced sales rules to adjust, and corporate channels have outperformed market qualifications during the remaining year of sales.
With the introduction of the new energy efficiency for air conditioners gb2455-2019, the document establishes that “products to be manufactured or imported before the date of implementation of this standard (2020.7.1) can be sold by 30 June 2021”, i.e., products to be eaten have an additional one-year sales period. As a result, the rules for sales of 20h1 tails may be changed, leading to a change in the vendor's direction.
As the firm that has the strongest influence on distributors in the air-conditioning market, gravity has a higher potential stock ceiling, which may result in a significant win-win market for low-end company products in 20h1. With the formal implementation of new energy efficiency, the technological advantages of corporate products will contribute to further improvements in profitability.
Investment proposals: In the context of the epidemic, the demand for air conditioning markets is relatively robust in the various household electricity categories, companies are ahead of schedule, short-term impacts are relatively small, and companies are certain to win the overall air conditioner market with a low 19h1 base and the possibility of a three-stage energy efficiency plus inventory to be phased out.
The study assistant's introduction to the Port of Enrollment Securities in March of the year will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report, nor will it be relevant in the future.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.