Gravity appliances (000651) Household appliances are now in a state of uncertainty, and the epidemic does not change the long-term logic of the epidemic.
It is recalled that on 1 April 2019, Greco Electric issued an announcement that Greco Group, the controlling shareholder, intended to transfer 15 per cent of the total stock of the Department. On 13 August, Greco published a public call for concessions. On 2 September, the Greco Group was presented with a concession application and a full contractual bond was paid.
On 28 October, the company decided that the final recipient would be Joo Hae-hyeong. On 2 December, the company issued a temporary suspension announcement and signed an agreement on the transfer of shares with the final recipient. On 3 February 2020, the transfer of the company’s shares was completed, and the company would have no controlling shareholders and actual controlling shareholders.
Governance is optimized and management is stable. After the transfer of shares in the company is completed, the shareholding rate of the Greco Group has dropped from 18.2% to 3.2%, the first shareholder has changed to Joo Hae-hyeong, and the shareholding rate has been 15%. This time the mix has changed the nature of the corporate home country, the equity structure has become more diversified, and the company is investing in a fully competitive home power industry.
With regard to financing, management-owned investments amounting to $2.43 billion, or 11.1% of the total contribution of Joo Hae-hyeong, i.e. 1.7% of the total equity of the company, will be made more flexible in the market. When the transfer of equity is completed, management shares will increase, and management interests will be better tied to listed companies.
The company will implement an incentive scheme for the company’s executives and key employees, which amounts to no more than 4% of the total. The management share share ratio will increase even further if account is taken of the implementation of the incentive scheme.
• Promotion of marketing to raise the market share, the epidemic does not change the long-term logic. Since November 2019, the company's price reduction has led to a reduction in the sales pool.
The average retail price of the GAC in December was $3636, a decrease of $1393 in December; the market share was 38 per cent, an increase of 1 pp in the same year; and there were 2.83 million internal sales, an increase of 6.8 per cent in December 2019, when a new pneumonia outbreak of coronary virus infection occurred in Wuhan.
In the medium term, concentrated consumption demand is released in the short term, and air conditioning sales are likely to increase rapidly.
In the long term, air conditioners are used as consumer durables.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory business approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.