Multiple factors have led to a decline in operating income and net repatriation profits in 2022 and a steady increase in offshore operations.
a Total equity share (millions): Operating block, Tog achieved income of $4.326 billion, a decrease of 26.08 per cent in the same year; Tob, $6.016 million, an increase of 2.87 per cent in the same year; and a net return of $495 million, an increase of 39.31 per cent in the same year.
In 2022, the company invested $3.88 billion in R & D, an increase of 12.49 per cent over the previous year, representing a ratio of business income to artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data, software platforms, machine vision and robotics, 5g, network security.
Research, development, and productization in all technical areas. For the surge in business complexity and particle size, the Division insists on “a business upgrade driven by the technology of business-trading, technology-to-technology” and on increasing investment in, and building of, two major technology strategies, arot, and a mix of intelligence platforms. On the one hand, building on video is nuclear.
The heart's full-store alot capability, which continues to deepen and enrich the landscape fit-out and industrialization of services, provides a more diversified perception, connection, computing and intelligence service for the market in 2022 of the National Dollar Securities Corporation Research-Canadian Stock (002236.sz). On the other hand, the company focuses on:
Annual Report Review: Deepening High Quality Development Strategies, Continuing High Innovative Business, APF Technology Strategy, data-based, business-driven, Private Clouds, Public Growth 2022.08.22
In the year 2021, the National Dollar Securities Corporation (NDS) pursued a comprehensive ecological strategy to create a community of co-builders, co-winners, co-habitants and co-habitants.
In 2022, the company upgraded the whole ecology. Using eco-cooperative co-generation as its core, it optimized bio-development strategies, landscape innovation, intellectual upgrading of industries, etc.
The Division works with ecological partners to build a global business closure capability that empowers thousands of people to digitalize and intelligently upgrade. Companies are committed to full openness from hardware, software, algorithms to services, business ecology.
The base of the platform, which is rich in components and is open from paas to saas; the magic artificial intelligence, open platform, which provides one-stop algorithm training services: for service partners, business partners.
The company adheres to the business concept of “leave convenience to partners, leave complexity to itself.” The company is the leading global provider of video-centric smart-ass solutions and operational services.
Risks of technological upgrading; risks of business model transformation; exchange rate risks; product safety risks; knowledge; property rights risks; risks of internationalization; supply chain security risks; authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent and professional attitude, independent and objective
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.