Phufan Bank: Improved asset quality, valuation repair opportunities are worth noting the shift from “scaling up” to “structing up” with a steady increase in performance. Pufan Bank insists on “structing, securing income, managing risks, reducing risks” business lines, with asset sizes coming down in an orderly fashion, but asset structures continue to improve.
From 2016 to 2017, the size of interest-bearing assets declined for the second year in a row, while the loan account for interest-bearing asset deposits recovered. As a result, the rate of net interest earnings rebounded steadily, with the first quarter of 2018 at a turning point. In 2018, the company achieved a net return of 55.9 billion yuan, compared with 3.1 per cent (2017:2.2 per cent).
The proportion of loans that are more than 90 days overdue has decreased year-on-year, and the share of total loans has continued to decline. The focus on corporate lending has reduced its poor rate in industries with higher asset quality, and the share of mortgage loans in individual loans has continued to rise.
At the regional level, the Bank's loans are mainly directed to the long triangle (40 per cent), particularly in Shanghai, where the overall market value/flow (million yuan) is much lower than in most of the provinces and municipalities.
12 months of maximum/minimum ($) marketization, with retail operations likely exceeding expectations of performance. The company’s retail operations revolve around a “reward-and-deposit-up” strategy, promoting multi-polar balanced development, wealth management, retail credit, credit cards, and private individuals
In the first half of 2018, the Bank achieved a net retail income of $33 billion (600,000); the rate of negative growth slowed down.
Business income growth is high. Investment is recommended: In 2018, the sustained optimization of the OPPBA 's financial structure led to increased profitability and performance, which has passed through the low-end period and has increased gradually. The quality of bank assets has improved significantly, with fewer loans overdue for more than 90 days than the previous year.
It is expected that in 2019-2020, it will return to net Leaf Bank: improvements in asset quality, opportunities for valuation restoration are of interest.
Pouphound Bank: Improved quality of assets and opportunity for valuation restoration
(i) The Shanghai National Investment Commission (SGC)-sponsored gold-control platform for integrated development under the umbrella of the Shanghai State Finance Committee, which was established in October 1992 as a national unit by the Shanghai Municipal Fiscal Authority, Shanghai International Trust Investment Corporation, Shanghai Kuanjin Corporation, Shin Eun Co. Ltd. and 18 other units as initiators of the Shanghai Development Bank Ltd.
In January 1993, the Bank was officially opened with a registered capital of 1 billion yuan, with its headquarters in Shanghai. In 1997, the capital of the company was expanded by 1 billion yuan, and the registered capital was increased from 1 billion yuan to 2 billion yuan. In 1999, the company was placed on the market.
Bankers in the United Kingdom published the ranking of “Global Bank’s 500” in its 13th place in the top 6th place in the list, with a brand value of $14.8 billion. It is currently one of the few stock-based commercial banks in the country that receive an investment rating above the three international rating agencies.
Shanghai International Group is the first major shareholder. The company does not have a controlling shareholder or an actual controlling person. The first largest shareholder in the company's consolidated share is Shanghai International Group Limited. In late 2017, Shanghai International Group Limited and its controlling subsidiary merged to hold 29.7 per cent of the shares of Poupau Bank. Shanghai International Group Limited was established in April 2000 with a registered capital of $10.6 billion, belonging to the Shanghai National Finance Committee.
Thus, the Shanghai National Investment Commission indirectly holds 29.7% of PDC shares, and PWB is the largest gold control platform under the Shanghai National Finance Committee’s flag. PWB: Quality of assets improved, valuation opportunities for restoration are of interest.
By the end of the third quarter of 2018, more than 5% of shareholders included the Shanghai Interstate Group Ltd., China Mobile Communications Cluster Guangdong Ltd., and Ford Life and Life Insurance Co. Ltd., with 21.6%, 18.2% and 19.8% respectively.
The first major shareholder of the Bank is Shanghai International, which holds 21.6% of the shares of the Bank; at the same time, the Shanghai Investment Authority and the Shanghai Investment Bank, which holds 4.8% of the shares of the Bank, 3.2% of the shares of the Bank.
China’s Mobile Guangdong Corporation was established in 1998 with a registered capital of $5.60 billion. It operates in the following areas: mobile communications operations.
(b) In recent years, the Bank has accelerated its internationalization and integrated development;
Integration: The company’s main holdings include the Shanghai Trust, the Pilgrim Leasing, the Pulse Bank and the Pulfang Silicon Valley Bank, among others. The Shanghai Trust is established.
In May 2007, it was the country’s first financial leasing company, co-sponsored by commercial banks, advanced manufacturing firms, and the Integrated Financial Holdings Group. The company worked to create a model for a green finance and aviation industry-wide business chain. In August 2007, it was established as a joint venture fund management firm for China and China. In late 2017, the company managed an asset of $6.51.7 billion.
In August 2012, it was China’s first bank with independent legal personality, dedicated to the service of STI enterprises, and the first joint venture of the United States. It was committed to serving China’s STI enterprises and building a “STI ecosystem” in China.
The Bank’s development objectives are client-centred, technology-led, first-class digital eco-banks. The Bank’s focus is on breakthroughs, with three main aspects:
Focus on client experience: Digital eco-banks are fundamental to better serve customers and create value for them. Companies have joined forces with mobile, Alibaba, tungsten and other Chinese companies to create diversified service models such as “communications + finance + consumption + finance” and “social + finance”; Focus on science and technology leads: financial science and technology are key to making a difference in the growth dynamics of banks:
The focus is best on the sector: to accelerate the reform of the organizational structure, to provide incentives for institutional constraints, and to create customer-management systems, risk-control systems, resource allocation systems, etc. that are compatible with digital eco-banks.
“Digitalization” is a strategy that focuses on scientific and technological breakthroughs, with digitalization projects as a means of enabling companies to digitize and transform their growth dynamics. Second, the ability to sustain sustainable development is growing through continuous upgrading of the level of convergence, specialization in business management. Third, the field of operations has been expanded to a variety of financial practices, such as foundations, trusts, leasing, offshore investment, technology banks, village banks, and money-brokering.
In 2018, the Bank achieved 17.15 billion yuan in operating income, and in 2018, it achieved a steady increase in the value of its business.
The growth rate was 1.7 per cent, a decline of 3.1 percentage points from 2017. During the last five years, the average growth rate of PDC business income in 2014 reached a peak of 23.2 per cent, and from 2015 to the first quarter of 2018, the rate of growth of operating income fell continuously to 7.7 per cent. However, after the shock caused by the transition, the second quarter of 2018 began with a two-quarter recovery (q2:2.1 per cent);
In the first quarter of 2018, the same rate of growth fell to a low of 1.1% in five years, and in the first two or three quarters, the first non-interest income, such as net return on investment, increased profits and delayed transaction costs.
Among these, the impact of other non-interestable income, income tax, net interest differentials on other low non-interest income bases, such as net income from maternity, and other non-interest income contributed significantly to performance in the first three quarters of 2018.
Net interest income recovered and interest expenditure decreased more sharply. From 2013 to 2015, the net interest income of the Pouphu Bank was at a high rate of increase (more than 15 per cent over the same period), but in 2016 the net interest income fell to $1081 billion, representing a 5.9 per cent decline over the same period. In the first three quarters of the year, the net interest income grew positively (2.4 per cent) and traditional business income was out of the low period.
The rate of increase in interest expenditure was at its lowest, with a marked increase in 2017, but the rate of increase in interest expenditure was higher than the rate of interest income (+30.2 per cent and +14.4 per cent, respectively), while the increase in interest expenditure and interest income decreased in the first three quarters of 2018, but the rate of increase in interest expenditure was more marked, resulting in an increase in net interest income.
Net interest differentials are at the bottom of history, with loan yields rising upwards. From 2013 to 2015, Phufan Bank net interest market interest rates went up, but the impact on the end of the liability was greater than the end of the asset, with interest differentials still falling. In the first half of 2018, net interest differentials were 1.81%, net spreads 1.72% (under the original calibre), falling by 3bps, 5bps, respectively, from the end of 2017.
Poufan Bank: Quality of assets improved, opportunity for valuation repair is of interest, mid-stream location of municipal banks. Between 2014 and 2015, the average rate of return on interest-bearing assets of Poufan Bank was affected by the decline in loan returns.
By the first half of 2018, bank loan interest rates had risen steadily and interest-bearing asset returns had risen, while interest-bearing liability rates had risen, leading to a contraction in corporate profitability. Interest rates at the end of the loan were expected to continue to rise and deposit-end rates stabilized in 2019.
iii. The scale of loans is expanding faster, the share of individual loans is increasing (i) the ratio of loans continues to rise, the amount of personal loans is growing faster, the size of interest-producing assets is falling in an orderly manner, and the asset structure continues to optimize.
Between 2016 and 2017, the size of interest-bearing assets declined for the second consecutive year (2016: +14.0%; 2017: +4.0%). The restructuring of interest-bearing assets will help banks increase their profitability and protect against risks in the future.
The growth rate of 23.2% over the same period was the highest in the last five years, with loan growth decelerating somewhat between 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, but still exceeding the loan balance of $340 million, about twice the loan balance in 2013, and the expansion of the loan size continues to play a key role in the growth of net interest earnings and operating income. Corporate loans account for a larger share of the loan balance (52.8%) in terms of loan structure, but individual loans.
In 2016, the bank’s retail loans amounted to $970.2 million, and in 2016, the bank’s retail loans amounted to $970.2 billion.
In the first year of the company’s 13th Five-Year Strategic Plan, retail credit expanded significantly, focusing on consumption and microfinance, and made breakthroughs in housing mortgages, Internet finance, etc. In the third quarter of 2018, retail lending increased by 17.6% compared to the previous half of the year, increasing by 2.9 percentage points, and retail credit operations became an important support for the growth of PDC’s assets.
At the end of the third quarter of 2018, corporate lending declined from the end of the first half of the year to a mere 1.8 per cent increase in the same year, and since 2015, PDC’s individual lending returns have gradually exceeded corporate lending and the gap has become more pronounced. At the end of the first half of the year, the rates of return on corporate loans and individual loans rose by 6bps, 41bps to 4.57 per cent and 6.45 per cent respectively, respectively, compared to the end of 2017.
With corporate and individual lending combined, the rate of return on the loans of the Pou Development Bank has been on the rise since 2017, with interest-bearing liabilities shrinking slightly in the first half of 2018, with a recovery in the share of deposits. In 2015, as a result of a significant increase in inter-occupational liabilities and debt-paying bonds, Poufan Bank interest-bearing liabilities grew by 22.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, reaching a peak of almost five years.
At the end of the third quarter of 2018, interest-bearing liabilities fell by 0.7% on a year-on-year basis, but the rate of increase slowed considerably in the first three quarters of 2018.
It slowed down from 13.4 per cent in 2013 to 1.2 per cent in 2017, leaving a deposit balance of 3.3 trillion yuan at the end of the three quarters, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the previous quarter, a recovery from 2017. In 2017, the banks were more competitive in the absorption of deposits, resulting in slower growth in deposits, but in the third quarter of 2018, the rate of increase was reduced by 3.8 percentage points over the first half of the year.
The focus has been on corporate deposits, which rose from 67.7 per cent in 2013 to 75.9 per cent in 2017, but declined slightly to 72.8 per cent at the end of the third quarter of 2018, with firm term deposits continuing to decline at the end of the third quarter of 2018, while company time deposits, personal time deposits and personal call deposits all accelerated.
In terms of the rate of return, in 2016, the rates of return on deposits fell to the bottom, marketized pricing since 2017 led to a gradual recovery of the rate of return, and individual time deposit returns were higher than the rates of return on corporate time deposits.
The balance of liquidity and profitability is an issue that needs to be addressed. From 2008 to 2015, the bank bank account balance reached 106% at the end of the third quarter of 2018.
It also provides room for an increase in the rate of return on bank loans. (iii) Fee revenue increases are at the bottom of history, bank card operations continue to function, net fees are gradually increasing at a steady pace, but their share in operating income has declined slightly.
At the end of the second quarter of the year, there was an overall downward trend in the rate of net revenue from bank charges, which fell from +13.9 per cent to 17.8 per cent in the same year, and at the end of the third quarter of 2018, the rate of net revenue from fees was narrowed to 15.7 per cent in the same year.
In late 2017, the net revenue from bank charges rose from 13.9% in 2013 to 27.0%, but was affected by a similar decline in fees, which fell in the first three quarters of 2018 (q3:
In the first half of the year, the Bank achieved a fee of $22.660 billion, a 13.7 per cent decline in the same year, of which $10.7 billion, or 47.2 per cent, of the fee;
The income from fees for the hosting of assets amounted to $6.47 billion, or 28.6 per cent of the revenue from the fees; the investment bank revenue amounted to $1.60 billion, or 7.1 per cent, and the bank card business gradually became the largest contributor to the fees and commissions, with revenue rising at a year-on-year rate of 116.2 per cent at a peak in 2015, followed by a gradual decline in the rate of 32.1 per cent in the first half of 2018.
An important part of the Bank Retail Bank strategy was a major breakthrough in terms of the number of cards issued, the number of households in circulation, and so on. In the first half of 2018, the debit card accumulated 2.89 million new customers; the credit card accumulated 46.79 million cards, an increase of 35.1 per cent over the same period.
One billion yuan) is six times as much as in 2015 ($3.12 billion), and since then, the asset-hosting business has become a 45% drop in revenues from the bank charges. Of this, 1.76 billion yuan, or 7.7%, has been realized. The bank has continued to strengthen its channels, mechanisms, and scientific and technological innovations to consolidate the financial hosting advantages of the Internet and to create a new model for the Internet + public funds; and to strengthen its core clients in the insurance sector.
In 2014, the investment fee income was $3.21 billion, a 25.4 per cent increase over the previous five years, a decline after 2017, and a drop in the investment process in the first half of 2018.
At the beginning of the quarter, the rate of increase in management costs recovered slightly (q2:3.8%; q3:3.9%). At the same time, the ratio of cost revenue to the public banks in 2013 was 23rd (large to small), with significant results in cost control.
Improved asset quality, slower growth of overdue loans (i) lower negative rates and lower levels of non-performing loans per year
By the end of the third quarter of 2018, the balance of non-performing loans was 68.3 billion yuan, a decrease of 6.1 per cent in the same quarter, indicating a gradual improvement in the quality of the Bank’s assets. In contrast to the trend in bad rates, the coverage rate of cover coverage declined continuously between 2013 and 2017 and the end of the third quarter of 2018.
Provision coverage increased to 153 per cent, but is still lower than that of other listed banks.
At the end of the third quarter, according to the criteria for the classification of loans, banks issued regular loans, loans of interest, sub-prime loans, loan losses amounting to 3.3 trillion yuan, $112.1 billion, $25.2 billion, loans decreased by 0.1 per cent and 0.2 per cent, respectively, and loans lost by 0.1 per cent at the end of the first half of the year.
In terms of migration rates, the migration rate of all types of loans granted by the Development Bank declined overall in 2017 compared to 2016, and in the first half of 2018, the rate of all types of loans continued to decline, the rate of regular loan migration, the rate of interest in lending migration, the rate of subprime loan migration, the rate of loss loan migration, the rate of increase in loans of concern, and the proportion of loans granted for restructuring continued to increase at a lower rate.
The growth rate remained negative, rising to 6.7 per cent at the end of the third quarter, with the balance of loans recombined by the Bank remaining relatively small from 2013 to 2016, at around 120 million yuan, representing about 0.01 per cent of total loans. However, between 2017 and the first half of 2018, the increase in loans recombined was that the proportion of loans recombined as a percentage of total loans remained low in the equity sector (Peacebank: 1.31 per cent; Big Light Bank: 0.84 per cent);
CSB: 0.68 per cent; BSB: 0.64 per cent; BSB: 0.56 per cent; BSB: 0.23 per cent; Bank of China: 0.02 per cent; Bank of China: 0.02 per cent; BDP: improvement in the quality of assets and improvement of valuations is a cause for concern
The steady decline in the growth rate of loans more than 90 days overdue is an indication that the quality of the Bank ' s assets is improving and that the poor rate is expected to continue to decline throughout the year; in addition, the proportion of loans over 90 days overdue as a percentage of total loans has gradually declined, from 2.3 per cent in 2016 to 1.9 per cent in 2017; and the poor rate of corporate lending, with the ratio of individual housing loans rising.
Corporate lending is more fragmented by industry, with a higher rate of underperformance in the wholesale and retail trades and manufacturing sectors. In terms of lending flows to the industry, PBUB loans are more decentralized, accounting for only 9.1 per cent of the largest share of total lending in leasing and commercial services. By the end of the first half of 2018, PBUB loans were granted more frequently in rental and commercial services, manufacturing, real estate, etc.
The wholesale and retail sector accounted for 9.1 per cent, 9.0 per cent, 8.0 per cent, 6.8 per cent, respectively, of total loans, while the retail and manufacturing sectors had a higher rate of poor loans at 9.6 per cent and 6.0 per cent, respectively. However, the share of PDB loans to wholesale and retail services fell from 8.2 per cent in 2017 to 6.8 per cent in the first half of 2018, while the share of manufacturing loans fell from 9.5 per cent to 9.0 per cent, and the manufacturing sector ' s poor rate also fell (2017:
The quality of corporate loans throughout the year is controlled, and the failure rate will be reduced in an orderly manner. PWB: Quality of assets improved, opportunity for valuation repair is of concern, personal loans increased, individual housing loans grew faster.
Leases are more fragmented and account for the largest share of total loans. The balance of personal loans by the Bank has increased slightly as a percentage of the loan balance (2017:38.9%; 2018h:40.0%) and the negative rate has remained at 1.2%, with individual housing loans accounting for a larger share of total loans and progressive introductions laying the foundation for a stable rate of poor individual loans.
Individual loans, although at a higher rate of poor performance, show a downward trend (2017:2.6%; 2018h: Loans are mainly in the long triangle, where the quality of assets is guaranteed The long triangle is the most important operating area of the Bank.
In the long triangle, the western region, the central region and the Sea Sea, which account for 28.2 per cent, 13.8 per cent, 13.2 per cent and 12.8 per cent of the total loans, the Bank of Pou has been located in Shanghai. For example, the Bank of Long Triangle loans are included in the Long Triangle, which accounts for 43.2 per cent, and in the first half of 2018, the Long Triangle, the Pearl Triangle and Sea and West, the Ring Sea, the Central Region, and the Central Region.
Out-of-country loans increased by 1.4, 0.1, 0.2, 0.4 and 0.1 percentage points in 2017 compared with 1.8, 0.3 and 0.1 percentage points in the total, western and north-eastern regions respectively.
The long-triangular region has had excellent assets and has seen a downward trend in the rate of bad loans in Shanghai. In 2017, out of the non-performing lending rates in 31 provinces and municipalities, Shanghai, Jiangsu and Zhejiang provinces were 0.6 per cent, 1.3 per cent and 1.7 per cent, respectively, at lower levels in the provinces and cities of the country. In particular, the negative rate in Shanghai continued to decline, from 3.1 per cent in 2005 to 0.6 per cent in 2017, after Tibet.
In order to reduce the poor rate, the Bank has increased its lending to priority areas and has achieved a qualitative increase. In late the last six months, more than 15% of the Bank’s loans were concentrated in Shanghai, more than 43% in the Long Triangle, and the low rate of non-performing loans in the region will guarantee the quality of the Bank’s assets.
PWB: Improved quality of assets, opportunity for valuation restoration are of concern V. Successful issuance of second-tier capital debt, capital adequacy rate increase. PWB net capital stock grew faster in the year (2014: 22.6 per cent; 2015: 27.3 per cent) and capital adequacy rate is on an upward trend (2013:
In addition, in December 2018, the Bank issued $50 billion in remoldable debt, which was approved by the Bank and will be issued further.
(c) Increases in the core-level capital of the company. It has been measured that, after full conversion of the debt to equity, the PWB capital adequacy rate, first-level capital adequacy rate, individual, 1.2 percentage points.
Leverage continues to rise, and primary capital is more abundant than external and external assets. From 2014 to date, there has been an increase in bank leverage, from 4.9% in 2014 to 6.6% by the end of the third quarter of 2018, consistently higher than the Bank’s 4% requirement.
The successive increases indicate that one level of capital is more abundant than the adjusted external and external assets, which helps the bank to control the expansion of assets both inside and outside the table. The bank has had sufficient internal capital. Since its listing in 1999, the bank has made four fixed increases and issued two priority shares, raising $1196 billion in funds.
As a result of the total external equity financing, the capital capital of PWB is sufficient to support its capital expansion. PWB: Quality of assets improved, opportunity for valuation repair is a cause for concern.
Retail operations are booming, with retail sales accounting for more than 40% of the revenue. Companies' retail operations are structured around a “revenue-raising, savings-raising” strategy, promoting a multi-polar balance, and maintaining a relatively rapid growth in wealth management, retail credit, credit cards and private banking. In the first half of 2018, Poupau achieved net retail sales revenue of $32.99 billion, an increase of 22.9% over the same period, representing 40.1% of total business income.
The number of retail clients doubled at the end of the first half of the year compared to 2012 (4.67 million households). Between 2013 and 2017, the number of retail customers at Poufa Bank remained at double digits at the same rate, but in the first half of 2018, the number of retail customers decreased to single digits (5.6 per cent). However, the growth in retail loans (excluding credit cards) remained stable, with housing mortgages accounting for 41 per cent.
By the end of the first half of 2018, the balance of personal loans (including credit cards) by Phufant was 1.3 trillion yuan, an increase of 14.7 per cent over the same period, but the rate of increase was 13.3 percentage points lower than 28 per cent in 2017. In 2016, individual loans reached a peak of 65.2 per cent over the same period, and then began to decline. However, the credit card-free balance of individual loans continued to grow at the same rate.
Larger. Housing mortgage lending balance of $549.8 billion, or 41% of individual loans, slightly increased from last year. In 2016, the resident bank: Quality of assets improved, opportunity for valuation repair was a cause for concern. Gross income and turnover of credit card operations slowed down.
The expansion was faster, with credit cards and overdraft balances increasing from $32.9 billion to $41.83 billion, at a rate of over 50 per cent in 2016, reaching 14.5 per cent, but the credit cards and overdrafts grew by only 8.4 per cent in the first half of 2018, representing a decline in the share of retail loans from 33.7 per cent in 2017 to 30.7 per cent, while credit card transactions remained at a high rate of 64.4 per cent in the first half of 2018.
Business innovation is continuing, with multiple channels leading to client growth
Silver Avoidance, etc., attracts customer resources through multi-channel innovation. i-counter smart counter: the first i-counter smart counter in the country, re-engineering of traditional banking processes, full service, great experience and intelligent interaction, promotion of new technologies such as biometrics, audio-visuals, 4g wireless, etc.
Web site operations are being moved from cabinets to smart devices, improving the efficiency of client services and the performance of web sites, and contributing to the digital transformation of apibank open bank: the first apibank open bank in the industry, driven by api architecture, integrates the landscape into the Internet ecology, breaking the limitations of traditional physical sites, mobile phone apps, opening up products and services, and embedding them in various partners.
On the accompanying platform, a new banking model is shaped around the needs and experiences of clients and the development of readily available cross-border services. “Pufant personal loans” small program: the first one in the industry is an online integrated financial services platform with micro-credits, which combines online loan applications, real estate valuations, outright bank openings, etc., and focuses on digitalization and the realization of the various types of Internet.
The channel’s clients interact with each other, promoting industry convergence, and building a uniquely interconnected conglomerate in the financial sector. The “Know-Who-Hair” private housekeeper platform: a one-stop non-financial housekeeper service platform, the “Know-Who-His Life” private housekeeper platform, was launched in Poufapp to respond to the needs of high-value customers.
You can access the platform's free-of-charge rights through mobile phones, service discounts, and free robbery on the surprise line. Gold money: a one-stop shop covering precious metals, goods, foreign exchange, a one-stop shop and a one-stop shop.
Trade training platform for the digitalization of transactional services and the formation of trade ecologies with 10 community interactions for investment transactions
Financial institutions such as gold, futures, leasing, etc. provide financial transactions, online linkages, access to information, and instant communication channels to achieve a more interactive, efficient, and easy experience of cooperation between their counterparts. “Pu-Yin avoid risk”: building on expertise in foreign exchange, currency, debt, precious metals, and commodities, depending on market changes.
In due course, products such as the Ping-Tong, the Pu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and the Commodity-e Alliance will be launched to meet the needs of industry, business, and management clients for diversification and risk avoidance. “Scaling up” will be transformed into “structing structures” and performance will pick up at a steady pace.
The value of interest-bearing assets grew at a rate of 54.2 per cent for two consecutive years between 2016 and 2017, while the size of interest-bearing liabilities contracted slightly and the share of deposits recovered. As a result, the rate of net interest income rose steadily, with the first quarter of 2018 turning to a peak in performance, with the rate of return net profit falling to a low of -7.7 per cent in the last five years and the company in 2018.
The firm’s lending focus on sectors with higher asset quality has led to a decline in its poor rate, and the share of mortgage loans with lower rates of poor individual lending continues to rise. From the lending area, the Poufan Bank’s lending is mainly directed to the Long Triangle (40%), particularly in Shanghai, where the rate is far lower than in most provinces and cities.
In September 2018, PWB successfully released a second-tier capital debt of $40 billion, with net capital increasing at a rate of double digits, and capital adequacy rising to 13.6 per cent. In December 2018, the company issued $50 billion in convertable debt, which has been approved by the Bank and will further increase the core capital of the company.
External equity financing raises a total of 119.6 billion yuan, and it is measured that the company's in-house capital (over 200 billion yuan) can satisfy retail operations, which are booming in retail deposits, as well as growing retail deposits. The retail business of companies revolves around a “revenue-raising, savings-raising” strategy, which promotes multi-polar and balanced development, while wealth management, retail credit, credit cards and private banking remain growing faster in the first half of 2018.
In 2016, 2017, and the first half of 2018, private deposits increased by -6.2%, and the share increased by 41%. Retail operations increased their efforts to increase banks ' profitability and achieve rapid performance in the transition process.
Investment recommendations: In 2018, the progressive improvement in the profitability resulting from the continued optimization of the OPPBA ' s capital structure, which has passed through a period of low performance. The quality of the bank ' s assets has improved significantly, with loans more than 90 days overdue having been reduced in comparison with the previous year, benefiting from lower rates of underperformance in Shanghai, the Institute of Public Studies.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.