LeanthyTechnology (300433) IT technology hardware and equipment, 6 billion refluxes to lay the foundation for a rapid expansion of new business and a further improvement in management
Events: In order to meet day-to-day production needs while improving efficiency in the use of fund-raising and reducing financial costs, the company intends to combine its actual production with the normal operation of its capital requirements and project investment plans for fund-raising projects.
In addition to the financial situation, the use of temporarily inactive funds of up to RMB 6 billion for temporary replenishment, reasonable flexibility in the use of the funds raised is expected to ensure a rapid flow of cash from companies to ensure that operations are carried out.
As well as raising funds, its most intuitive benefit announcement also mentions that temporary capital replenishment by the People’s Bank of China is expected to save the company 231 million yuan in financial savings. But the positive impact on the company is not just financial savings, as it did on 8 February.
It was announced that the assembly business would be carried out, and that orders for glass, sapphire, ceramic, metal, assembly and vehicle-mounted components would be filled with sufficient free cash flows to support them.
The year 2020 was a very important year for the expansion of the Lancet business, which could be a profitable metal business, as it was, with platform-based growth increasing and expanding, pre-assembly preparation of the business, promotion of new products and applications of new materials for core clients.
Aluminium alloys are in the direction of metals and stainless steel is advancing;
The assembly direction, smart phones, watch and tablets will be an important component of this year; the vehicle pattern is expected to be full-blown, 2021 platform-style, direction, including a control screen, dashboard, b column, window, etc., the future of the components that Lance covers.
There will be an increase in the number of businesses that will need to consume cash flows in the future.
Free finance is an important guarantee of companies’ ability to maintain their size and resource advantages and sustain their growth. The peak in the availability of new aircraft for large clients has come, and production management levels have continued to improve and production and financial costs have been optimized since 2019.
Since the second half of the year, companies have continued to improve their management in terms of production, operation, capital, etc., but have built up a complete system of in-house production support, producing the top 10 materials (self-manufacturing), significantly reducing the cost of producing supplements, assistive tools, and consumables.
The level of production, financial management, etc., has also continued to rise, demonstrating a high level of management and operation, which has allowed for sustained high-speed, benign growth for six consecutive quarters. Adequate free cash flows are a solid foundation for companies to deepen and start new business.
Referring to the importance of sufficient free cash flows for the start of a new business and vertical integration, Lance, using consumer electronics and car electronics as twin axes, with the strong support of major clients, the company continues to enrich and deepen product coverage, follow the industrial layout of its core clients, and complete the double-drawn business.
The 6 billion catch-up stream provides the basis for the rapid expansion of new business, and the improvement of management levels is very much in anticipation of the future of the industry ' s overall leadership and further upgrading of the industry.
The final piece of the puzzle was assembled, and the company has completed the smoothing of the assembly operations, thanks to the accumulation of extensive technological and technological resources and experience in the production of products such as glass, ceramics, sapphire, etc., which were added to the progressive growth of applications such as modules, moths, acoustics, pcba, etc.
Looking to the future, building on the current platform, the growing market share of Blues in clusters is expected to increase further, while new energy cars, wearables, smart homes, and so on, are more new, and companies will spread out and grow up in a full-scale manner at the modular level or at the assembly level.
(b) Conning or other microcrystals producers are not able to reduce the cost of raw materials quickly and efficiently: (3) rivals ' malignant price discounts of 6 billion tonics form the basis for a rapid expansion of new operations, with a higher level of management.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report