BluesTech (300433) IT technology hardware and equipment 2020 growth is expected and 2021 platform-type growth is fully rolled out
The 2004 performance is expected to be more innovative and vertically integrated to start a new growth cycle. In the context of this performance forecast and the performance of the previous three quarters, the company ' s net return profit in the fourth quarter of 2020 is expected to be the response to the company ' s business objectives and expectations, and is the continued strong demand in the customer ' s product market and the company ' s owner.
In 2021, especially in the first quarter, the demand for new large clients (especially iphonepro and promax) continued to flourish, and the increase in the volume of new cargo meant more value.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Increase in the share of shipments of higher-volume super-ceramic crystal sheeting, which is the total market value/flow (millions) that companies continue to hand over to high-quality industries
One of the central underpinnings of the performance response. At the same time, continued vertical integration by companies in 2020 is expected to start in 2021: in the field of smartphones as a core consumer electronics, companies have acquired the benefits of integration, enhanced the manufacturing capacity of metal casings and built up their own self-reliance.
LancetTechnology (300433) High Performance Renovation, End-assemble Production Lines, Opening New Growth Space, On the other hand, the company has moved in and continues to build up its clients' new aircraft readiness peaks.
It is expected that new products and downstream applications will further enhance corporate performance elasticity, and that a new growth cycle is gradually developing.
At the same time, the company continued to optimize its cost control and internal support, with chemicals, knives, polishing, mutilation, grinding and cutting, industrial packaging, printing, packaging, etc., during the reporting period.
RamsyTech (300433) "RanceTechnology: Increasing home-grown ratios and increasing profitability." Growing up reflects competitive advantages, innovation seeks to protect itself.
The acquisition of assets was successful and successful, with high-quality investors introducing high-quality and continuing value for money from beneficiary companies, part of the fund-raising being used for the acquisition of assets that could be acquired, and the acquisition was completed throughout the Ministry in 2020 and in 2021, with a positive and profitable balance sheet that would make a direct contribution to the company ' s performance.
More importantly, the use of funds to raise funds will help companies to continue upgrading their product structures and further expanding their production capacity. Now, the blueprint for a corporate platform layout is gradually being rolled out, the company moats are expected to deepen, and the future growth space is expanding.
In terms of distribution, companies have introduced more local and industrial capital through this targeted increase, a type of high-quality long-term investor that is a direct manifestation of the long-term recognition of the company ' s value and, above all, a basis for its continued high-speed, high-quality development.
Practising Qualification Code: iPhone12 is evidencea of the importance that clients attach to product durability, and Lance is a clear beneficiary. iPhone12 uses the import of the superceramic crystal sheet, the use of the binocular exchange process and the center frame.
In the future, a client is expected to further enhance the durability of the product through the upgrading of the skin structure, and the introduction of materials such as supercelastic crystals will be further developed.
The process process of upgrading the plate size will be difficult and the required processing steps and duration will be enhanced, and the Blue Thing, as the main supplier of a client plate, will be responsible for the whole course of processing of the plate, the value of the product will have room for further improvement, and the elasticity of the company’s performance will be considerably enhanced.
The increase in the difficulty of processing the super-ceramic sheet will further raise the entry threshold for the industry, thus allowing the market share to continue to be concentrated in headlines and, in the future, such changes in the pattern of the city, as the Andre system follows, will be pushing for certainty in the growth of leading suppliers, such as Lance.
The strong technological and technological reserves and accumulation of experience in the production of manufactured products, and the continued effectiveness of cost control, have laid the foundation for high-quality growth in the company’s performance over the past few quarters.
The incremental contribution of the physical production and assembly capacity, new-energy vehicles and smart-housed appliances is gradually reflected in the fact that the corporate platform business framework system is largely in place, with reduced machine capacity over the next five years and less than expected sales of new machines by large clients; and (2) Conning or other microchip systems.
The producer of Xing was unable to reduce the cost of raw materials quickly and efficiently: (iii) the competitor's malignant price reduction.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.