High-performance growth innovation, opening of a new chapter The industry's champions are always strong, and high-performance innovation is high: companies expect higher net profit returns in 2020 compared to higher performance innovation. Since 2020, companies have had ample orders for a variety of major products, and market demand has continued to grow.
At the same time, the company's successful production delivery of new products, continued optimization of customer and product structures, and a sustained increase in the self-contained ratio of chemicals, knives, polish, etc., have resulted in a growing cost advantage and a steady increase in the profitability of the company.
▪ Vertical integration strategies have been very effective, with consumer electronics on a new ladder: as consumer smart terminals at the forefront of appearances, companies have continuously increased their innovative investment in new materials, new processes, new equipment, new products, based on leading intellectual manufacturing levels, rapid sampling and mass production capabilities, and the company has achieved superceramic power.
The first applications of products such as crystal glass, quadricled 3d glass have been continuously increasing the value-added of the product. At the same time, the company has completed the acquisition of a successful and profitable 100 per cent equity cut-off and has expanded its operations to hand-held metal casings and assembly, and as the glass + shell + assembly strategy moves forward,
The corporate product mix will be better developed to provide clients with one-stop integrated product solutions, with a view to building new growth points for consumer electronics, enhancing the company ' s combined competitiveness and profitability, and laying the groundwork for further business expansion and market share enhancement in the downstream supply chain.
• Accelerating the pooling of high-quality global customer resources and widening the growth frontier: with strong R & D innovation, leading technology and advanced intelligent manufacturing lines, companies have increased the various smart terminals 1, LanceTechnology (300433): industry
The combination of products and the optimization of supply chain management costs in collaboration with clients have strengthened core competition in the industrial chain.
This highlights the company’s important value and advantage in the global electronics chain. With fund-raising 2, LanceTech (300433): Apple projects, companies can consolidate consumer electronics on the one hand, and capture 5g, iot, etc. on the other.
The innovation of the new appliance is remarkable, the opportunities for company production are high, and the electronic layout of cars will be accelerated, building on the resources available to upgrade smart cars, zero component capacity, and market expansion. At present, the company's electronic automobile business is steadily moving forward, with instrumentation.
Business chain dominance continues to be strengthened by 2020 - Disk+window products are expected to be fully added to the company, with a significant increase in the value of bicycles. The company’s platformed competitive advantage in the areas of bodium, metals, etc. is becoming increasingly apparent, with apples, hmov, Tesla.
3 BluesTech (300433): Cooperation among eminent clients, such as strong ones, to accelerate the pooling of high-quality market resources, with sufficient dynamic energy for future performance growth.
Ben and Productive Strength 2020-09-30  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: Considering that a buy-in can be won & profitable, we expect the company East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, to have the Portfolio Investment Advisory Board