On February 07, 2021, the company announced that its subsidiary, Xianlanth, was planning to invest $3 billion in capital or borrowing to build the "intellectual end."
In addition, successful technology has been renamed Lance Wang Fine (Thai State) Ltd., and Credential Technology has been renamed Blues Smart (Thai State) Ltd. and has obtained a changed business license.
▪ High-end and high-end assembly operations in the layout, with significant synergies among the multi-operational panels: investment projects are mainly based on high-end and medium-end smart terminal assembly operations, including, but not limited to: smartphones, flat-board computers, wearable equipment, car electronics, smart home appliances, medical equipment, electronic smoke, etc.
The company continues to promote a vertical integration strategy, improve the industrial chain layout, and the synergies between the whole assembly business and the original business are evident. On the one hand, the company ' s existing products include glass protection, sapphire, ceramics, metals, fingerprinting modules, mosaics, pcba, camera components, plastics, acoustics.
In other words, most of the modules involved in the complete assembly of smart terminals have been covered and companies can develop new performance growth points based on existing products; on the other hand, the growth of the whole assembly business and the growing demand for company products are expected to contribute to an increase in the market share of the existing business, while, at the same time,
Corporate ownership of raw materials, proprietary equipment development, smart manufacturing, etc., can be achieved through an in-house package that is expected to expand the firm ' s good-rate, combined cost and production efficiency advantages, and to further enhance the company ' s combined competitiveness and profitability.
• Accelerating the pooling of high-quality global customer resources to continuously strengthen the core of the industrial chain: as a global consumer of electronic appearances, companies continue to increase innovative investment in new materials/new processes/new equipment/new products, and work with clients to advance new product development and volume production to continuously optimize supply chain management.
The company has accumulated high-quality global customer resources, such as Apple/Serb/Hmov/Tesra 1, LanceTech (300433), Performance. The company has now acquired some of its smartphone clients' complete assembly.
Ordered and agreed with clients in areas such as smart wear/plate/car electron/medical equipment with higher growth and innovation, and a new chapter with strong cooperative intentions. By doing a big, strong assembly business, companies can provide a better one for customers.
2021-01-26 Station Integrated Product Solutions to enhance customer stickyness and strengthen the core position and voice of the industrial chain, 2, LanceTech (300433): Industry
▪ Metal casings are well integrated, and market expansion is steadily advancing: corporate metal casings are well integrated.
The company's steady push for the expansion of the customers and applications of metal casings, and in addition to stabilization 3, LanceTech (300433): Apples, supplies apples, the company is actively developing Andres clients, including Mi, and the application scene is directed towards ipad/intellectual.
With the expansion of the market, it is expected that corporate performance will continue to grow.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: considering the advantages and benefits of acquisitions, we expect companies to grow in the future.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board