BluesTech (300433) IT hardware and equipment.
Incidents: The company holding subsidiary, Xia Lanth, intends to invest in the construction of the “smart terminal equipment manufacturing phase” project with free funds or loans, with an initial total investment of $3 billion, and the project's entire department has completed the construction of 100 million annual process assembly smart terminal products for the post-partum period.
The build-up business is on track, consolidating our earlier vision of corporate platform business development. Companies are the leaders of innovation in the consumer electronics industry, and in recent years have continued to implement vertical integration strategies in the industrial chain through self-researching or outward investment, the main business and products.
It has been achieved in the form of window glass, sapphire, ceramics, metal, etc., which is the core of the architecture, supported by fingerprint modules, slicing, pcba, camera modules, plastics and acoustics, which cover most of the modules normally involved in the assembly of smart terminals, products, etc.
The application also extends downstream from consumer electronics such as mobile phones, tablet computers, laptops, etc. to total stock/flow (million shares) industries such as car electronics, smart home appliances and medical devices, and is global in all fields.
A stable and long-term partnership has been established between the well-known brands of the Ministry, which now have sufficient conditions to carry out a full aircraft assembly industry of up to/up to 12 months, upgrade their one-stop service capacity, and help clients optimize supply chain management.
Based on this, a full-air assembly operation will create a stronger synergy, with a high degree of ability for Lancet (300433) to build a 2020 Grower and a core competitive advantage, and a product orientation for this assembly project will include intelligence.
As expected, the growth of the 2021 platform -- mobile phones, tablet computers, wearable equipment, car electronics, smart home appliances, medical equipment and electronic smoke -- will be a new performance that the company cannot ignore in the future.
LancetTechnology (300433) Re-innovation, Growth Point. More importantly, the synergies between the full assembly and the existing business will increase the peak in the availability of new aircraft for large clients.
Strong customer sticky, which helps companies gain a more stable supply of existing products and business modules, stimulates the growth of existing businesses, creates virtuous cycles that lead to stronger corporate performance.
The firm's build-up business from the interior of the Andres family has begun.
The start-up of companies like Mi, Hua, and Glory is very high, which is a good indication of the public's readiness for the pre-assembly business, as well as client recognition, which is a very solid foundation, rather than a start. Lance used to be in the direction of his clients, the hmov, the glass sheet, the pot.
So it's natural that companies start to assemble mobile phones in the corresponding field, starting with high-end machines, which is the case with some second-line companies starting with low-end products and even with non-cell-type operations.
In reading this announcement, we note a few important messages: the company announcement states that this project, the terminal assembly, is on schedule and the platform is growing rapidly.
Ten thousand square metres, the project is fully completed to the initial postpartum expected annual processing assembly smart end product.
The company's parks and capacity, and we think that the real capacity of the company's assembly industry should be more than 150 million, not just 100 million declared, and that, in terms of size, the company's future in cellular assembly must be closely dependent on its core customers, and
The company's announcement states: “The company has now obtained a complete binding order from some of its smartphone clients and has entered into agreements with clients in areas such as smart wearing, flatboard computers, car electronics, medical equipment, etc.
This paragraph points to an unusual and important direction for the future development of Ramsy in the assembly business: the intelligent wearing of key clients, the flatboard computer, which has evolved very rapidly over the years, and Lance itself has taken on a very large ratio of watch to structural supply.
Weight, which extends to its assembly, can be said to be water-to-water formation; and since the 5g's, there has also been a much larger change in the structure of the traditional metal-based flat-plate computer, which is dominated by the shell, which will gradually rise over the future.
Boom's overall share increase and entry into the assembly business is a very good basis. The sub-brands of auto power already have a mature array of control, predating dashboards, b-cylinders, etc., and are expected to expand further in the future with the help of capacity.
To sum up, the company will have a lot of room to move forward in the future in the areas of smart wear, tablets, car electronics, and medical equipment for key customers, and possibly into a smooth consolidation of assets.
One of the most important features of the Division's vertical integration of the industrial chain is the acquisition of assets that can be attributed to it.
So, like Lance's business model, automating power to empower the two plants, the two are mutually reinforcing, and the company's metal business and the ensuing extended development space are to be expected: first, the public sector has the potential to break from aluminium alloys to stainless steel, and second, the metal box will be the whole crew.
One of the cornerstones of the development of the business is the increase in the value of smartphones, the increase in traffic control penetration, the development of window protection glass, and the potential to be ignored.
This, along with the import of high-level window-protective glass, such as Andre's 3.5d sheetboard, waterfall screens and so forth, has led to a steady increase in the value of smartphones' front and back panels, and in the future, as Andre's clients have done, there's no doubt about the scope for increasing the value of apples in microcrystal glass panels and smartphone panels.
Further strengthening, and further lifting, of the entry threshold of the industry, bringing the market share to the head of the business; and, in vehicle-borne control, glass plate extraction due to the demonstration effects of Tesla and the resolution of pain points such as safety (inflammation), anti-reflection, anti-sight and curve design
In the future, the market space for window-protected glass processing will be significant in the new energy car domain, as the b-class, smart seating structures, etc., become permeable.
End-to-end assembly is on schedule, platform-based growth is on track, and the main business in Blues still has a very clear growth potential, and investors should not simply use global intelligence to develop the income and performance elasticity of the window-protected glass.
The last puzzle for the company platform business was assembled, and the company completed its entire crew, building on its deep technical and technological reserves and accumulated experience in the production of products such as glass, ceramics, blue stones, etc., folded into the progressive growth of applications such as modulars, molds, acoustics, pcba, etc.
Looking to the future, whether a- or Andre-based, based on the current platform, the market share of the increasingly wide-ranging components is expected to increase further, while new energy cars, wearables, smart homes, etc., will be used by companies.
The full roll-out of the module or assembly level is clearly expected, with the company expected to have reduced capacity and new sales to large clients expected; (2) Conning or other microchip producers are unable to efficiently and quickly reduce the cost of raw materials: (3) adverse price reductions by competitors
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report