BluesTech (300433) IT technology hardware and equipment, strong core competencies to support the growth of major players on merit, with a big strategy for the next three years!
Billions, 99.43% more than year-on-year, rose to 19.47%, 6.12pct., total assets, significant improvement in key financial data, initial platform-level leadership. Performance flash reports are largely consistent with earlier forecasts, and annual key indicators continue to improve significantly.
It's a powerful endorsement of innovation in research and development, behind which platform-level power is fully represented. On the basis of a small increase in revenue, total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
The doubling reflects the company ' s significant growth of 136,996/136,556 in 2020 in key products, such as superceramic crystals, which is clear and selective in terms of the company ' s current industry advantage.
Merit is an important guarantee of sustained healthy growth: it's clear that with strong research and development, companies have developed innovative capabilities to gain access to smart terminals, wearing devices, new energy cars, smart homes, and so on.
All of them are top orders endorsements from front-line head clients, and Ramsey has laid the foundation for the rapid expansion of the industry's top 10 billion rules, managing the water, the volume of molds, still far above the industry's average profitability -- the company's weighting flat in 2021.
This advantage is not the result of the dawn, but of the long-term vision, efficiency and precision of the strategy of the past years, which has been on the horizon, which has been growing at a rate of 10 years, and which has continued to build up technological experience, as well as vertical depth in the direction of the terminal components.
Foot - 2021/02/08 BluesTech (300433) " 2020 Growers Approximate, 2021 platform-type growth full-blown "
The key years of continuous expansion, the incorporation of profitable metal operations, the pre-assembly industry, the promotion of new products for core customers, new material applications, have been fully developed. Metal direction, aluminium alloys are established, stainless steel is moving forward; assembly direction,
Smart phones, watches and tablets will be important components this year; vehicle orientations, including medium controls, dashboards, columns, windows, etc., will cover more and more components in the future, and we have reason to believe that the company will be able to achieve further expectations in terms of size and profit levels.
The final piece of the puzzle, based on a strong core of core competencies to support growth on merit over the next three years, will be a great strategy!
Practice Qualifications Code: Sound, pcba, etc. applications are gradually growing, and the company has completed a smooth expansion of the whole assembly business. Looking ahead, on the basis of the current platform, the blues have become more and more inclusive.
The market share is expected to increase further, while more new areas, such as new-energy cars, wearables, smart homes, will be fully rolled out in modular or built-up forms, with reduced capacity and less than expected sales of new machines by large clients; and (2) Conning or other microchips.
Producers cannot efficiently and quickly reduce the cost of raw materials: (iii) rivals' malignant price reductions, strong core competencies to support growth on merit, and the next three years of strategic excellence!
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.