High performance innovation, vertical integration to kick-start a whole new growth 22.23 per cent, net profit to the mother of $4.923 billion, an increase of 99.43 per cent over the same period, of which the fourth quarter was a start-up.
• Industry leaders are strong and have high performance innovations: corporate business earnings grew by the same year, net profit returns by the same year grew by 9.62%, with record performance. Since 2020, companies have had high demand for a wide range of product applications, full orders, and companies have been able to break down their markets globally at the mid-to-high end.
At the same time, the process of developing core products, such as smart phones, smart-to-use devices, smart cars, etc., for major clients is becoming more mature and yield and delivers, and the structure of products is further optimized. In addition, companies are at the level of corporate governance, productive production, cost control, etc.
▪ Vertical integration strategy opens a new growth cycle and continuously strengthens consumer electronic advantage: companies continue to build on innovative inputs from new materials/processes/equipment/new products, building on leading crafts
The company has achieved the first applications of superceramic crystals, glass, glass with a four-sided 3d glass, increasing the value added of its products, while it has successfully and profitably completed the processing and assembly of metal casings from mobile phones by acquiring them.
As the glass + shell + assembly strategy moves forward, the corporate product mix will be refined to provide customers with a one-stop integrated product solution that is expected to create a new growth point for consumer electronics, enhance the company ' s combined competitiveness and profitability, and move the company further down the supply chain
Building the foundation for business expansion and raising market share. 1, LanceTech (300433), Marching in, assembly operations, strengthening the core of the industrial chain.
• Accelerating the pooling of high-quality global customer resources and widening the growth frontier: on the one hand, firms consolidate consumption, e-business advantages, take advantage of emerging opportunities such as 5g and iot, and on the other hand, speed up motor power 2021-02-07
Sub-operational layout, dashboard plus window products are expected to be fully added to the company, with one-car value, 2, LanceTech (300433): performance up and opening up a global electronics structure for companies with consumer electronics and automobiles at their core
Super-growth innovation, with a new chapter opening, provides a solid foundation for vertical integration with a zero-functional component and assembly operation. Companies continue to improve product integration of various smart terminals, optimize supply chain management costs in collaboration with their clients, and continue to do so.
3 LanceTechnology (300433): Industry Strengthening Core Competitiveness and Strength in Industrial Chains. Currently, the company's champions in glass, metals, etc. are strong, outperforming.
Platform-based competitive advantages are gradually being highlighted, working with prominent clients such as Apple, hmov, Tesla, to accelerate the pooling of high-quality market resources, and to generate sufficient momentum for future performance growth.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board