Wally Group (300.979ch) Wally Group (300.979ch): The continued decline in global new production capacity around large clients, with a significant increase in new client orders
I don't know what you're talking about.
The hot speed evaluation flashanalysis (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) incident: On May 30, the Oceanic International Overseas Consumers Group investigated the Wally Group El Niño plant and participated in the executive and investor exchange.
In 2024, the number of Wallicorp plants increased from 16 in 2023 to 20, bringing the total number of employees to 170,000, representing a yearly increase of over 17 per cent in sales of 223 million pairs, while revenue and net profits reached $24 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively, sustaining a steady growth trend. Companies continue to upgrade their capacity and increase their automated inputs to improve overall operational efficiency through resource integration, stringent cost controls and new plant implementation.
The company’s output structure is mainly structured around large clients, and new global production is continuously on the ground. The company’s clients rank first in terms of volume, and the Nike Group ranks second and third, vans and deeckersgroup. The company is in a fast-growing phase and will have a large future when it enters the supply chain of Adidas.
The first factory in Indonesia was launched in the first half of 2024, with a profit/loss balance achieved within three months; the second factory in Indonesia started production in February 2025. The Sichuan factory in China officially came into production in February 2025, covering a large number of product lines in Adidas, an important layout for companies to respond to the diverse needs of their customers.
The supply chain management system is rigorous and efficient, with enhanced production stability and turnover controls. Raw material purchases account for more than half of total operating costs, companies strictly control spending, and plants are required to purchase according to uniform standards to ensure that the links are regulated and transparent.
At the same time, companies manage their purchases by brand or colour, with a dedicated team for each brand to avoid affecting the quality of the product or the delivery cycle due to material variations. Researching the global tax environment to promote synergies between productivity and profitability.
In the face of uncertainty about trade policy, companies adhere to the fob-pricing model, demonstrating greater pricing discipline and risk responsiveness. At the same time, companies are actively optimizing their customer structures, accepting emerging brand orders, restructuring their client portfolios, reducing customer concentration, and improving the overall quality of orders and bargaining power.
One, about 22 in 25 years, 24 at the end of 25 years, and about 26 in 26 years. As new plants land, there is an uphill period of capacity, short-term or delayed Māori performance, but as workers become more efficient and productive, Māori rates are expected to rise to high levels, and will be followed by Māori rates in the quarter.
I've got a new factory or a capacity to climb up the slopes.vent: anmay30, haitonginternational'soverseasconsumptionteamcontractedresearchathualiigroup'semeimountain factorandparticipatedinenexchemeememeatingwith the company's sseniormanagement.manageindicatedthatin2024.
I mean, the numberofhumanigroup'sfactoriesincomprehensed from 1623 to 20, whithatotalworkforcereaching 170,000 people. theannual billionyuanand 3.8billionyuan, repactively, continingaddygrovethtrendend.
The company's productioncapabilitystructuresfirst, followed by vansand
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
New production capacitésareaccelerationglobalization, with theotheastsiaasthecoremanufacturingbase.The company'current productioncapacitismismalconcentrateedinvietnam, levelagingthelocallow-costlaborforforbandtaxentivestoachevelower unitcoststhanpeers.since 2005, the companyhassucessivelyestaliedfactoriesinvietnam, withanannualproduction
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like I'm going to have to do this, but I'm going to do it for you.
The company studies theglobaltaxenvironmenttopromotethecoordinatedoptimizationofproductioncapacitandprofit margins.themanageofhualiggroupplacesgreatehasisontheimpactofregionaltaxiffencesonprofitmarinsand continuestoseekregrétariffriss, suchasthedominicanrepublicandindia.theseareas, with theorpotentiallow
taxadvantagesandlong-termstratetegicvalue, havebeencluddin thecopopeoputurelayoutassements.facedwith uncertäinsintradepolicies, thecompanayadherestothefopricingmodel, demonstrainingpringdisciplinaryandrisk responsecapabilites.atthasametime, the companyactivelyoptimisescustomerstacture, acceptsordersfremerging
From 2025 to 2026, with the launchosmarginmayfacesmepressation, Buttisextendectedplaceplacement,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
Haitong International Appendix Appendix