A significant increase in the proportion of redscores, a positive increase in the global distribution of production capacity, a significant increase in the share of the Wally Group (300979.sz) – a positive increase in the global distribution of output and the maintenance of the “buy-in” rating
Optimizing the client structure, where orders are expected to grow faster than industry, while companies are actively expanding their production with orders based on Viet Nam and Indonesia, with a steady increase in their expected profitability as new plants climb with efficiency, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Old clients’ demand for replenishments under the low base increased in 2024, while other brands gradually increased revenue growth.
41.3 per cent of the purchase orders are expected to start with the volume output adidas order in September 2024, which is expected to be the driving force behind the growth of the order in 2025. In addition, newbalance, on-line orders reflect growth, on-line income growth of 27 per cent in 2025, and the short-term growth rate of older clients, such as nike, is affected, but there is still room for a share to increase.
• Increased income tax rates from the start-up of several new plants, a relatively stable net interest rate of 2024q4 relative to the burden-taking rate, management cost +1 pct mainly due to higher pay performance and the addition of a new Chief of Staff (+0.1 pct).q4 q4 was more productive and still affected by the efficiency climb phase, with a Māori rate of 24.1 per cent
In February 2025, the Sichuan plant in China and the q4 q4 impact of the new plant's efficiency climbs were profitable, there were still factories in Indonesia and Viet Nam, and the production capacity of the two-phase plant in Indonesia was expected to total 50-60 million binary years.
• Supercritical bubbles are below Viet Nam's production, continuing to drive the production of lean production and localized purchases.
Qualitative access to clients, upgrading the self-sufficiency of the core parts of sneakers, and customer stickyness. Companies continue to promote fine, potential clients successfully - company updates, profit production, to increase the automation of production lines, with more than 500 dragon-style smart cutter inputs in 2024.
2024.10.29 Use, together with the introduction of four automated production lines, to reduce dependence on skilled workers and improve productivity and quality.
In addition, the company promoted localized purchases of raw materials for Viet Nam's factories in 2024, where the year's outlook was optimistic — the company update report — was over 50 per cent, reducing the time and logistics costs of transporting raw materials.