Non-financial companies. Wally Group (300979.sz).
The new brand partnership is progressing well and the 25q1 battalion growth is in line with expectations Investment rating: buy-in (maintained) \triangleright
In terms of sales, the company has continued to deepen its cooperation with new customers and branders of new and emerging sports, selling 49 million pairs of sports shoes for 25q1 and +8.24% for the same year, as a whole. In terms of dividends, according to the company's annual report, on 9 April 2025, the company adopted a plan for the distribution of profits for the year 2024.
All shareholders find 23 yuan in gold dividends (including taxes) per 10 shares, and the annual cash share is expected to continue to deepen their collaboration with new and emerging brand clients and to match production capacity quickly with downstream demand.
\triangleright Division maintained close collaboration with customers such as Nike, Adidas, Converse, Hoka, On, and Newballance, and sales were sustained by uncertainty in the external macro-environment and the high base created by last year's downstream replenishments
A steady growth, of which 25q1 new client orders increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, was the main driver. Moreover, the efficiency of the Division’s operations and profitability are expected to increase to match.\alpha and \beta resonance drives the growth of corporate orders, and client structural changes drive upasp.
The growth in company future orders is mainly due to: 1) growing consumer demand in the sports industry; 2) growing demand for better brand orders; 3) demand release due to increased collaboration between new brands (didas). On the supply side of the orders, in 2024, the company started operating four factories (three in Viet Nam and one in Indonesia) and will still be operating in the future.
At the end of the rest of the year, the company’s clients’ structural adjustment drive the replacements, and the shoe-steering product has increased, and is expected to contribute to the growth of their performance. Profit forecasting and rating: the company, as the head of the country’s sports shoe-steering industry, is repaired by short-term industry demand, is expected to increase its performance.
Medium- and long-term expansion and changes in client structure drive the asp uplift with a double-priced expectation that the valuation will, for a long time, raise my own personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have worked diligently, professionally and carefully, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been or will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.