Wally Group (300979) 24-year financial reporting rating: higher than expected, expected release of new arrivals and capacity + 11.9 per cent net profit of 1 billion yuan per year + 9.2 per cent proposed cash dividend of $2.3 per share (inclusive).
Growth drives rapid income growth and profitability is robust. 1) Volume splits: 24 years of sale overall high unit value orders drive up the annual average. 2) Profitability: 24 years of Māori equals service payments, red scale increases drive income tax ratio +1.8 pt, and net interest rate returns equal to net interest rates
Work with Adidas began in September of 24 years, with a robust growth in sales contributions, the top five share of which was mainly the sales contribution of new customers.
Production capacity has grown in an orderly manner, with supercritical physical bubbles below Viet Nam's yield, and core competitiveness continues to grow < < Wally Group ' s 24-year Quick Report on Performance: Industry > . 1) Capacity building: 4 plants in 24 years (3 in Viet Nam + 1 in Indonesia), among which
The Indonesian factory and 24h1 were launched: in February 25th, China's new plant and Indonesia's production base >--2025-03-13.
The plant began to move into production, there was an orderly expansion of matching orders, and the overseas diversified layout responded to international trade risks. < < 2403 financial reports: volume increases drive robust growth. 2) Supercritical physical bubble bottom production lines are operational in Viet Nam, and companies develop and produce supercritical production lines.
Long, active extension, expectation of new passenger release > - Physics in the middle of bubbles, performance and quality are recognized by multiple brand clients, further improving the company ' s ability to transport core parts and components of moving shoes and customer stickyness.
<Walley Group 24h1 Financial Review: Statement of Performance Profit Forecasts and Investment Proposal 1:) Tariff Disturbation does not change the long-term growth trends of companies. Current closings are bright, orders are full of accelerations of output > > >
Tax policy is more uncertain, short-term market moods are driving valuation adjustments, and as tariffs evolve, we believe that the manufacturing chain is too high for risk avoidance, and valuations are expected to be repaired. As a shoe-coating leader, a company based on sound old customers plus rapid release of new customers plus orderly expansion of production capacity, no.
Increased advantage in scale/client/management, sustained business resilience, robust growth, high base, uncertainty about growth of old customers, etc., influences income growth, impact of new plant start-up profitability, but we believe that a new client, Adidas: as an international head campaign brand, size
High ceilings, 24 years of overperformance in recent announcements, strong demand for orders, good current cooperation, rates, and we think that companies have a lot of experience in overseas capacity management and staff training, and that with 24 years of fast production, the future is going to be rated: red out of expectations, expecting release of new customers and capacity.
24-year-old financial report rating: over-expected release of new arrivals and production capacity, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make their own investment decisions.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.