Wally Group (300979.sz)
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $5.53 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous quarter.
Driven by the increase in sales of new clients such as Adidas, Dawg, nb, etc., the net return to the mother was $762 million, a decline of 3.2% over the same period. The Māori rate fell by 5.5 to 22.9% over the same period, mainly due to the introduction of new plants. Two finished shoe factories were put into operation in the first quarter.
The median financial cost rate fell by 0.6 to -0.5% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of an increase in exchange rate earnings, and today sales are growing rapidly at a higher number of places, with a more balanced structure of old and new clients. q1 sales sports shoes at a split price of 49 million pairs, +8.2%, and asp RMB 108.4 or +3.8%.
(US$ +2.7%), unit price increases are expected to result mainly from high-unit brand ratios. The client breakdown shows that sales of new clients such as Adidas, Dawg, nb and others are expected to increase faster and faster, while the concentration of top five clients is expected to decline further from the 2024 report and to achieve a more balanced structure of new and old clients.
Quality leads to faster performance growth, with revenue expected to grow better than in the first quarter of the second quarter and thereafter, and Māori recovery upwards, but Māori returns to normal levels in the second quarter alone; in addition, some brand orders are expected to fall better than in the first quarter of the year, and subsequent increases in revenue growth will be driven up.
Revenue growth, with some of the new clients performing excellently driving sales by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, while the rest of the rest was connected to the Wally Group (300979.sz) - sufficient stock of customer orders, expansion and upgrading of capacity - nearly 4 per cent increase; the decline in the Māori rate was mainly due to the intensive and early start-up of new plants.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Third quarter sales drive revenue growth of 18%, new employee skills training cycle, resulting in lower productivity and higher unit costs, new plant still Wally Group (300979.sz) - sales drive income growth of 25% in the first half of the year, Māori
Increases in entry and profit margins. Mainly considering that the year is still a fast one, the new plant-to-bought figure 2: net corporate return profits and increases (in billions of dollars, per cent) Figure 3: Corporate Māori/business rate/net interest rate
Figure 4: Cost over time for companies Figure 5: Sales and unit prices of corporate products Figure 6: Liquidity of company ' s main current assets
Investment advice: take a good look at the firm's business resilience, after the second quarter. Senior, some of the new clients perform excellent driving sales by 8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with a near 4 per cent increase in the rest: the decline in interest rates was mainly driven by intensive new plant production, and a skill-training cycle for new employees in the early stages of the start-up of the new plant.
With lower production efficiency, higher unit costs, new plants are still climbing, with some impact on the overall Māori rate. Looking forward to two quarters, it is expected that revenues will accelerate, profit rates increase.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, that, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.