The Center for Research in Resources and the Environment (RCREE) company Basics (RMB) reported that on 30 January 2020, a test-rolling vehicle for the Helium Fossil Ethylene plant was successful.
The Upgrade Stereochemical Market Target to 160 billion! - The N2O 1.5 million/N4 device, the largest single set of ethylene devices in the country today, has created the largest range of ethylene industries.
“Prospecting 19-year growth in the growth of stylene petrochemicals by the same year,” pseudopropyl chloride devices would theoretically generate over $1.5 billion in excess of profits for the company if the industry was not profitable.
3. The annualized net profit of chemical installations, headed by Helium q3, could theoretically reach more than 20 per cent of the profits available in the refinery.
This effect includes, but is not limited to: dry gas recovery of light hydrocarbons as feedstock for ethylene devices, which theoretically saves 1 billion dollars.
Ethylene device with hydrogen cracking gasoline as aromatic aromatics, Ethylene device by-product hydrogen re-oils, Ethylene device size effects overcharge both the investment in the device and the savings in operating costs.
In the case of light-mass-upgrading devices, the rate is 48% and the rate for high-value-added products is now the highest in the country. Ethylene devices are the most difficult to drive in chemical devices, the temperature is the greatest in all devices and the temperature is the most wide in all devices.
The pureness of the material, the success of a one-time supply of Helium Ethylene, reflects the efficient execution of the Helium petrochemicals team, and the fact that the load of the petrochemical devices is often less affected by the epidemic due to continuous production.
We maintain the 12-month goal of consistent fossilization. 1. Risk of a large-scale single-way decline in crude oil. 2. Severe demand for textile clothing has deteriorated by 3. and quotas for external exports.
Limiting the risk of sales of finished oil 4. Geopolitics risk 5. Project 5. Not as fast as expected. 6. Corporate stock.
The fossilized chemical locomotives are already operational. Helium ethylene, the largest of all current storage and planning devices in China, has been marked in the history of the ethylene industry in China by a successful drive.
This is the cost savings between the oil refinery and the material before the chemical plant. In our Helium petrochemical depth report, "If the 10 billion profit is just the bottom limit? The basis for the calculation!"
Note that the profits of the refinery ' s dry gas recovery unit cannot be ignored. Based on the driving experience of the ethylene ethylene device in China and China, the refinery ' s dry gas recovery unit usually lags behind the ethylene device, which is put into operation in such a way that the efficient use of light hydrocarbons in the refinery ' s dry gas can yield large-scale excess benefits for the company ' s refining synergies.
The excess profits from refining co-benefits are mainly contained in the refinery ' s dry gas. The refinery ' s dry gas as a fuel gas price should be measured in relation to the alternative fuel gas. The higher the replacement fuel cost, if the refinery ' s dry gas is not used as fuel, the higher the cost of the refinery ' s dry gas as a feedstock for the acrylic hydrocarbons.
A comparative analysis of the collection mechanism shows that the main fuel gas is the gas conversion of the gas, that the fuel gas plus a small amount of natural gas replaces the thermal value of the dry gas in the refinery.
The cost of gas per ton of constant energy is estimated at $258.1 = $235. The cost of gas gas (sng) per ton is $2698 per ton (235*729/66.71*1.05).
For example, there are obvious cost savings per ton of coal-based fuel gas components as well as pipeline natural gas, and the cost per ton of dry gas (weighted coal fuel gas and natural gas) is estimated to be $2970 per ton (weighted coal gas and natural gas) if the gas is used as fuel.
(Note: This refinery dry gas refers to the cost of a light hydrocarbon product from carbon two to carbon five after the refinery's dry gas recovery, rather than the refinery's dry gas recovery feed, the difference being that all inert gases and fuel gas have been removed.) The pre-propane price is around $4,000, and every ton of dry light hydrocarbons are sold directly for 1,000.
The refinery dry gas of 1.08 million tons produced a total of 492,000 tons of ethylene, 255,000 tons of propane and carbon four (by propane: carbon four = 2:1) and 99,000 tons of carbon five. Even if ethylene is not produced, currently ethylene, propane, lpg, there is a premium per ton of carbon five. If used as feedstock for ethylene devices, it is more profitable per ton.
At the current price of ethylene 5,800 (arrival in northeast Asia), the price of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic ethylene acrylic acrylic ethylene at a price difference of $2,200 and acrylic acrylic acrylic acryne at a price of $2370. At present, the industry price of ethylene/propene is at the bottom of the grain, at $1,000 per ton.
In addition to the cost of processing, the excess profit at the bottom of which exceeds $1 billion ($850,000*,1250/ton) as a raw material for a ferret gas recovery facility, which is already in deficit in most of the industry, other synergies such as hydrogen output, isobutane and hydrocracked gasoline are normal.
The silicon configuration does not yield significant excesses in relation to industry. Stereoethylene scale effects lead to lower costs. Stereoethylene is the largest single set of ethylene devices in the country. The advantage of scale effects is the unit capacity.
The amount of investment per unit in ethylene devices in our country has been accompanied by a gradual decline in the size of production capacity, and the typical size of the current ethylene device is 1 million tonnes/year.
The investment cost of 1.5 million tons of ethylene devices relative to 1 million tons of ethylene devices is estimated to be about 15%. Based on this, the total investment in stellar ethylene and downstream devices is about 22 billion dollars, with one ton of cost savings in depreciation and financial costs amounting to about $300 million per year.
The reason for this is that the savings in the size of large-scale units and the savings in investment in unit-capacity equipment are due to the reduced operating costs of ethylene devices, which are due to the stabilization of controls and operation resulting from the ethylene device ' s s scalding, which reduces the operating costs and material losses of unit-capacity.
First, most of the ethylene devices in the country have been modified and expanded once or twice. Each shift usually produces wiring, for example, 800,000 tons of ethylene in Ziru, with two deethane towers, three ethylene towers, and more complex operations.
Caring costs are high; there are a lot of dead zones and parking materials are lost. Then, with a class floor, Helium Ethylene actually completes two classes of 800,000 tons of Ethylene devices, and has a certain level of competition in terms of the combined costs.
Reduction of unit environmental protection and associated public engineering investments, optimization of product balance programmes and product formulations Light chemicalization of heliogenic ethylene feedstocks, higher rates of biene intake, different product rates of different heliogenic ethylene feedstocks, and higher rates of less aromatic ethylene feedstocks.
The rate is 48% for biene, with the highest rate in the current domestic stock. Stereochemicals can be considered to be 400,000 tonnes/year ethylene fission + 500,000 tonnes lpg fission + 600,000 tonnes/young quartz oil fission ethylene devices. The main reason for the higher rate is b.
The outbreak does not directly affect the load of constant work effort, the demand for products is affected only by short-term events, and the pneumonia epidemic does not have a direct impact on the rate at which herochemicals start, because petrochemical devices are all present.
It is a year-round continuous operation, with a high level of automation and no significant load fluctuations.
From the point of view of supply and demand, the demand for downstream products is affected by the epidemic, but the demand for downstream products is immediate and can recover quickly after the outbreak. The mask supply of non-crysotile polypropylene is not an outbreak.
Helium petrochemicals produce 850,000 tons of polypropylene. Polypropylene is the main raw material for non-twirling. The mask is usually used as a high-melt-free fibre-grade app. The 450,000-pp device attached to the Helium Refining Facility is used in the unipol process, and the 400,000-ton-pp of the Helium Chemical plate is used in the st-pp and jpp- respectively.
Horizon technology. Currently, 450,000 tonnes of apps are fully produced for the refinery, while the chemical device polyene hydrocarbons need to be formally loaded for ethylene devices to become fully operational. Medical surgical mask raw materials are predominantly ppp; medical shield masks (n95 masks) are masked.
The surfaces and stretching strips consist of three inner, middle and outer layers of the mask, the inner layer of which is general hygiene, gauze or no spinning cloth, the middle layer is a super fine polypropylene fibre-smelting material layer, and the outer layer is a non-swidth or ultra thin polypropylene-smelting material layer.
Existing unipol 450,000 tonnes of pp from a longitudinal refinery would theoretically have been able to produce part of the l5d49 for the production of non-wild fabrics, but the actual production would still be dependent on the actual production.
As the ratio of pp to the high melting finger does not exceed 3 per cent, the main mask gap is not in the absence of gyroclastics, but rather in the presence of a large number of workers who have not returned to their posts and the lower capacity of the masked plant due to the epidemic.
In general, the profit ratio is small, and we believe that the supply of masked high-melt fibres has less impact on the overall profitability of stylene petrochemicals.
Stereoethylene uses technip (merger and purchase of sw technology) and pre-propane technology. Whether critical long-cycle equipment or some of the supporting units create national history on scale. The ethylene device core equipment, the three machines plus the cooler, is imported and ensures that the device is driving in a steady and timely manner.
The rationale for separation of ethylene devices is to separate ethylene, acrylic, carbon, and crack gasoline from the hotst to the coldest, depending on the boiling point (relative volatilization) of the various media. The maximum temperature is 1000 degrees, the lowest 165 degrees, in the cooler export at the breakout temperature (cop) and the hydrogen gas.
The main features are the concentration on three core products, ethylene diol, styrene, polyvinylene hydrocarbons. The ethylene downstream device is more profitable and flexible, with a major focus on the price differentials in dry core products.
Technically, the pre-depropane ethylene technology is currently improving the binary cooling sequence process with Lummus globally, and the pre-deethane technology of Linde is comparable, but benefits from breakthroughs in national manufacturing techniques and lower transfer fees for process packages.
Polyethylene uses the hostalen process. Polypropylene uses the petrochemical st technique and Japanese jpp horizon technology, respectively. The eo/eg device uses the American sd technique. The sm device uses the classic ebmax (the advanced version of the old ebone technology).
Polyvinylene technology Polyvinylene technology The polyethylene technology is based on the hostalen siltation technique of Liandbassel. The theory of this technology is that it produces single wires, fibres, tubes, coatings, blowings, and 25 brands in six broad categories of membranes.
Product melting refers to a range of 0.07~60g/10min and a density range of 0.942~0.970g/cm3. We believe that, although the technology has a certain characteristic of the pep membrane and tube products, it is relatively moderate to a few full-scale polyethylene technologies. If process technology transfer restrictions are not taken into account, it is possible to adopt them.
Innovenefdpe, the technology of bostar or Sclairtech of the Nordic chemical industry is superior to that of Dubun. Domestic enterprises like Gilin petrochemicals, Liaoyang fibres, etc. have polyethylene production capacity for this process. Polypropene units are designed to be 400,000 tonnes/year, consisting of two production lines, one line.
The st-ii EMS polypropylene process, with a capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year, produces both concentrated, unregulated and anti-intrusion products, with a concentration of 40%, an unregulated confluence of 40% and an anti-surgery conglomerates of 20%; 2-line mining, with a capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year, mainly in the Japanese jpphorizane gas phase process, with a capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year.
We believe that the jpphorizon technology is very similar because it is based on the same source as the bpinnovere technology. The device output anti-surgery conglomerate is somewhat different from the newcon, because it is horizon.
Technology pursues the three-high design concepts of the app industry (high melting finger (mfr), high inflammation, high ethylene content) by adding deep coolers to the reactor condensation system, allowing pp products to acquire higher mfr and higher ethylene content, while at the same time using relatively more energy. ]
High, especially in the production of newcon products. The stemography technology is currently a classic national production process, with basic brands oriented towards large-scale goods, with output concentrated, unplanned, anti-flash-combined products.
There are only three of them, shell, sd and uccc. The shell technology is currently the most widely used, and the sd technology is second, and the ucc is currently relatively small. We believe that the sd technology does not differ significantly, even slightly less than the shell technology.
The sm technique uses the mobil badger ebmax technology, which is the most dominant benzene in the world, and we think that stylene is the best device in the current stock ethylene device, and that the refinery ethylene device has the best co-benefits. Also, due to the significant scale effect, there is a certain excess of stylene.
The benefits (mainly in terms of single-ton investment and operating cost savings) are expected to be more than $1.5 billion in excess gains in the case of other ethylene devices that are not profitable.
It is not difficult to see from the above figure that, in 2019, when the profits of the ethylene petrocephalus device were reduced and the industry was depressed, the ability to obtain excess gains through the lightization of raw materials was the main driving force behind the industry ' s continued presence of alpha.
In the refining industry, downstream profits are the lowest in 10 years, while chemical profits are the lowest in 10 years. In this case, the main profits from stifling petrochemicals are derived from scale, technology, the cost advantages of integration synergies, and tax advantages that are much higher than the excess profits of the industry.
As a result of the apparent excess alpha, helium petrochemicals have been able to exert downward pressure on the beta industry, and according to the profitability of the helium petrochemicals, it is not difficult to see that in the fourth quarter of 2019, helium petrochemicals were the first to rebound, and it is hoped that in the first quarter of 2020, chemical installations will be put into operation and that in the event of the outbreak of Vuhan pneumonia, they will be able to take a step back.
Maintaining the growth of the quarterly negative performance cycle is a full reflection of the fact that we have put the constant fossilization at the core of the petrochemical process, and we continue to recommend large-scale excess profits in a weaker industry landscape (Beta).
US shale oil was released in the second half of 2019, amounting to about 2 million barrels a day. Adding to the fact that Saudi crude oil production has returned to normal, Iranian crude oil exports have been difficult to return to zero, causing a certain suppression of oil prices.
Risks, such as the continued decline in oil prices as a result of falling global demand as a result of the epidemic, may pose a risk of loss of stocks of crude oil and products for refining devices.
2.1 The device load fluctuations project may cause fluctuations in new equipment/process devices during the period due to the initial commissioning, which affect the unit load, thus rendering the unit unmanageable.
3. The severe demand for textile clothing has deteriorated.
Under the conditions of resistance, there is a risk of a serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing. If the outbreak of Vulhan pneumonia is more widespread and persists for long periods of time, it may have an impact on domestic and foreign demand in the garment industry.
4. The risk of sales of finished oils due to policies and export quota restrictions The export of finished oils in the country requires a quota from the National Commission for the Development of Change, which currently does not have a quota for the export of finished oils, but for chemicals, controls are relatively loose and free trade is possible.
There is a risk of sales of finished oils due to the zero-point and export quotas of finished oils. 6. Large-scale release of corporate stock: 10. Other force majeure impacts
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment