The Center for Resource and Environmental Research predicts that Helium Pulse's 19-year performance is 160% higher than that of the same year.
The profits at the bottom of the Helium Fossil cycle will be proven, and the traditional cycle theory is expected to be re-formed:
The concentration of production shock px profits has led to widespread unprofitability of short-flow px devices in the industry, pta shock line 3.
4. "If the 10 billion profit is only the bottom limit of the profit? " We think that, at the bottom of the industry’s long-cycle, the industry-wide deficit, the helithonic fossils can be annualized at the post-partum rate of full capacity, including acrylic hydrocarbons, based on our theory.
The polyester industry experienced a relatively significant contraction of profits in the fourth quarter. The px chain was subject to petrochemical and dynasty.
The impact of the Lei project was reduced in profitability, but the px-former oil price differential was supported near the average industry cost of $2,400: pta was affected by the introduction of Xinfung Xiangshan energy and the expected production of the 4# Heath line, as well as at the end of the polyester and Central American trade friction impact, with the price spread narrowed to the cost margin
The refined oil industry keeps its profits weak. The four-quarters profits have continued to decline from September heights, and remain low, and they're still running out of time.
Given the distance of the US sanctions, the unrecurring impact of rapid pulse increases in crude oil prices on companies, and the fact that four quarters of the refinery’s profits were reduced as a result of higher oil prices, we achieved net prices throughout 2019.
1. Risk of a large-scale decline in crude oil single-way 2. A serious deterioration in demand for textile apparel 3. Policy and risk of sales of finished oils due to quota restrictions on foreign exports 4. Geopolitic risk 5. Project 5 is not as fast as expected 6. The risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of $7.00 on corporate shares is significantly higher.
Downward risks in the global economic cycle. Other force majeure impacts.
On this basis, helium petrochemicals are expected to perform more than $8.8 billion a year, an increase of more than 161% over the same year. Helium petrochemicals are not easy to earn at the bottom of the industry landscape.
(1) px: Four quarters of a single 1.5 million tons px and four million tons of petrochemical production are expected to be the last large-scale concentrated investment by 2022 under px that has not yet been nationalized (2) pta: the pta chain fell to cash costs in the fourth quarter.
pta is in a situation where it is not even profitable. This situation is similar to the narrowness of pta’s profits in the fourth quarter of 2018.
(3) Polyesters: The polyesters enter the thin season in four quarters. The polyesters have a narrow profit margin, with seasonal effects on one hand, and there is still some resonance in the Chinese-American trade vagaries industry on the other, which will gradually weaken with the easing of trade frictions.
The Helium petrochemicals unit is expected to be gradually operational by the first quarter of 2020. According to the news report of the fourth quarter of 2019: (1) Helium petrochemicals have completed the oil transport of the cracking gasoline plus hydrogen unit (the 900 units of the normal ethylene device), (2) the driving of the ethylene cryogenic tank, and (3) the intermediate turn-over of the ethylene device.
The chemical device usually drives in reverse, which means that the ethylene downstream device is first turned on, and finally the ethylene head is installed. The ethylene cryogenic tank is often independent of the other devices from the current manufacturing device.
The eo/eg device is now in transit and operational. Other chemical downstream devices, such as p/pp and styrene devices, will be ready to drive downstream.
The ethylene device of the former depropane process is almost fully functional, usually in the case of ethylene cold pump output products.
The introduction of a solid fossilized ethylene device would result in a more significant increase in profits for the hemolyzed petrochemicals: on the one hand, the refining synergies, the full utilization of the refinery dry gas, the chemical-end hydrogen re-oiling, the ethylene loading, the cracking-up of hydrogen-filled gasoline into the aromatic-hydrocarbon complex to produce aromatic hydrocarbons (benzens and px). On the other hand, the chemical industry would produce aromatic aromatic hydrocarbons (benzens and px).
The incremental profit of the device. The chemical device of constant petrochemicals is characterized by significant scale effects, ethylene installation, ethylene installation, styrene devices, all of the first three devices of domestic size. The chemical-scale advantage has brought significant cost reductions.
We believe that the industry is in a state of recession for three quarters, and we are now predicting a performance of more than $8.8 billion. In the future, in the context of refining synergies and chemical installations and polyesters, the industry is warming up, and px is in the process of producing a blanks, the equipment value-added tax.
With the progressive completion of the entry tax credit, it is expected that the growth in corporate performance will continue from the above three dimensions (new installation and synergy, industrial warming, return of the local value added tax).
According to our theory, the price differential of the Helium Refinery is roughly the same as in the third quarter, and remains low. According to the researchable data of the Helium Refinery Initial Refinery, we can see the structure of the product produced is 4.61 million tons of gas, 1.61 million tons of diesel, 3.71 million tons of kerosene, and 540,000 tons of base oil.
The difference in oil prices for the finished products of the plant is determined in two parts, on the one hand by the difference in the base price of the refinery, primarily by defining the difference in the base price of the refinery on a researchable basis, and, on the other hand, by the difference in the discount price of the refinery, which, by adjusting the process, reduces the output of the finished oil and increases the output capacity of the chemical products.
Our approach is to use the base price differentials as the basis for judging the changes in the performance of the finished oil. Since the price differentials are greater than zero, the basis price differentials are a relatively conservative approach.
Based on the study of the Helium Refinery, we define the base price difference of the refinery as (0.461* petrol price difference + 0.161* fuel price differential + 0.371* coal oil price differential + 0.054* base oil price differential) /1.05. We judge the profitability of the helium oil from this price difference.
Tons increased to $1133 per ton, with profit increases of $81 per ton. Chart 5: The oil price differential (excluding taxes, in yuan/tons) Figure 6: The base oil price differential (excluding taxes, in yuan/tons)
Px profits remain low, px profits remain low. The petrochemical phase and the long-frozen petrochemical px drive have had a certain impact on px profits; but the px-oil price gap has remained constant in the $2,400 area, supported by the cost of px.
Price differentials do not have a basis for further deep decline. Chart 7: px-former oil price differential ($/ton) pta impact cost
In the fourth quarter of 2019, Xinfeng Xiangshan energy pta was put into production and is expected to be weak, and 2020 is expected to be the largest year in the history of pta production capacity. The pta-px price differential has been significantly narrowed, with a one-time shock pta cash cost. We measure pta-0.655*px with a four-quarter flat price difference.
The average price difference is $545/t. Chart 8: pta-px price difference (m/t) Polyesterpoy profits are starting to weaken and Fody/dty rebounds at the end of the season
Helium petrochemicals have fdy, dty, fibre-grade slices, industrial silk, and short-optic products that cover each broad category of polyester products. Because of the large variety of poy/fdy/dty, we use a common 150dfdy/dty price to monitor their Maori.
The following formula is used: On the basis of the above calculations, we have the following net profit data. Some of these chemicals are not yet operational and are not yet able to contribute to performance. We measure the four quarters of the constant petrochemical refined oil and polyester production.
According to the calculations, we predict a net gain of at least $2 billion in the four quarters of Helium petrochemicals, which does not take into account the helium petrochemicals arbitrage.  We believe that helium petrochemicals are in production for three quarters and that the industry is expected to be in a state of recession.
The projected net profit of $8.8 billion is expected to be realized in the future from the above three dimensions (new installations and synergies, industrial warming) in the context of the industry ' s gradual recovery from the industrial warming and px production gap, and the gradual completion of the value added tax deductions for equipment.
Value-added tax (VAT) local returns continue to boost corporate performance. We revised our year-round performance projections for 2019 by between 7.4 and 8.8 billion dollars, mainly because of a sharp drop in the price spread of pta in four quarters, which was close to the point where American shale oil was released in the second half of 2019, amounting to about 2 million barrels a day.
Adding to the fact that Saudi crude oil production has returned to normal, Iran’s crude oil exports have always been difficult to reach zero, which has resulted in a certain suppression of oil prices. Although Opec’s production is declining, there is still a risk that oil prices will continue to fall sharply in one-way direction, with the risk of stock loss for crude oil and products in the refinery.
Project progress/load is not as high as expected 2.1 device load fluctuations The project may have experienced fluctuations in new equipment/processors during the period due to initial commissioning
It affects the load of the device, which prevents the device from operating at full capacity. 2.2 Chemical units are not operating at the rate expected. 3. Serious demand for textile clothing has deteriorated.
The Chinese-American trade war has continued with repeated shocks to the garment chain downstream of polyesters. Under the conditions of force majeure, there is a risk of serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing.
For chemicals, however, controls are relatively loose and free trade is possible. Helium petrochemicals pose a risk of sales of finished oils because they do not have a zero-line supply of manufactured oils and export quotas.
10. Impact of other force majeure Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment