German shares (605117), consumer durables and apparel.
German shares, founded in 2000, are currently engaged in three core business lines: heat exchangers, small household power, represented by humidifiers, and reverse transformers. The bright spot of corporate growth is in the inverter business, which doubled in 2020 and is expected to continue at a rate of 30-35%, and at present.
Thermal exchangers and dehumidifiers account for a relatively high share of business, maintaining a robust growth rate of over 25 per cent.The competitive advantages of company operations are as follows:
Good, the share of procurement remained stable; 2) excellent production processes and technology levels; 3) effective transmission of price fluctuations of upstream materials.
Reversers series: 1) Foreign markets still have a relatively low market share, but with a high cost of 12 months/minimum, the country’s producers are highly competitive.
In the United States, Brazil, South Africa, India, Poland, etc., Māori rates are higher in overseas markets than in domestic markets, and Māori rates are expected to exceed industry averages in German reversibles. 2) The stock market as a whole has grown by 10-20%.
Reverses dominate, and will continue to rise in the future. In 2020, 45% of the stock was available, and in 2021, the company was projected to earn 3,024 million yuan in 2020, resulting in net profit to the mother of 382 million yuan. We expect that the qualification code: ss 119051990002
Traditional manufacturing of science, technology and innovation, with a focus on three major industrial chains, Nimbaud Industries, Inc., established on 4 August 2000 with a registered capital of 17,067,000 yuan. Mainly engaged in the development, production and marketing of components such as heat exchangers, trans-frequency control chips, humidifiers for environmental electrical products, and reverse transformers.
Guided by Mr. Zhang and Mr. King's strategic vision of “progress every day” and developed over 20 years, the company has made a historical shift from a small model company to a large technology company, from a single industry to a diversified industrial chain, from traditional industries to autonomous STI industries.
(ii) The equity structure and management background The corporate equity structure is more centralized, the realist Zhang and Mr. King have been in the business for more than 50 years, the industry is experienced, and the subsidiary industries under the corporate umbrella are focused on the development of the company's three main industrial chains.
He's been in the business for more than 50 years. He's been working on modeling since 1969. He's been the director of the model factory, the director of the plastics factory, the director of the German department and the director-general of the company. The director of the company, his family, Zhang Dingbin, and Mr. Zhang Ding Dynasty, who have served as directors of limited German finance, directors of electrical appliances of the subsidiary branch and the director of limited sales of the German industry, his son-in-law.
Director, Steward Industries Change Frequency Board, 100 million, mainly in electrical control products such as inverters; and in Texas, 100 million in daily electrical register capital, mainly in environmental (iii) product development processes such as dehumidifiers
From 2000 to the present, the company has moved from traditional manufacturing to science, technology and innovation; from a single production chain to three main industrial chains. After three phases of the Department’s operations, the technical content of its products has been increasing, and the first phase of its operations, such products as plastics, molds, gold, etc., has accumulated technology and processes such as the development of molds, emulations, thermal processing and product structure design; and the second phase has begun to be made beautiful.
The production of domestic air-conditioning heat exchangers and the design of circuit control areas were developed at this stage with the knowledge of heat exchange production processes, frequency control calculations and core algorithms, and the construction of two core technical platforms, namely, heat exchange hardware and frequency control software; and the third phase of operational adjustments to construct three main development lines, namely, heat exchangers, circuit control and environmental appliances.
At present, the company has three main business lines: 1) American-based heat exchangers, transformers series: 2) Autonomous Small House Power Series, dominated by wet removers, heaters: 3) Reverse transformer-based electrical control series. The heat exchange series consists mainly of evaporations and condensers, which are the main components of air conditioners, dehumidifiers and heaters, and is used in heat.
Environmental electrical series products are mainly dehumidifiers, which regulate air moisture, temperature, and air purification. The circuit control series are mainly inverters, the core equipment of clean energy generation systems such as solar, wind, etc., which converts direct currents to exchange power, where storage-type reverses can also provide two-way transmission between solar, grid power and storage-cell power.
Figure 5: Phases of development of major German shares
Thermal exchangers, also known as heat exchangers, including evaporates and condensers, are the key components of air conditioning for temperature regulation. The demand for heat exchangers in the market depends mainly on the market demand for air conditioning. (i) There is still room for growth in air conditioning penetration across the border.
There is still room to increase the penetration rate of domestic air conditioning, which is expected to continue to grow steadily in the future. On the one hand, there is a large gap between urban and rural areas in the domestic domestic air-conditioning market, on the other hand, the densely populated areas of China are in the east, and the climate is hot.
There is a high demand for air-conditioning and a climate similar to that of Japan, and there is still room for improvement in the market for air-conditioning, based on data from 2019, which indicate that there are currently approximately 150 air-conditioning units in Chinese cities, about 70 air-conditioning units in rural areas and nearly 300 units in Japanese air-conditioning.
The U.S. share of air-conditioning has risen to the top, and the German industry is an important supplier, and its share is expected to rise. The U.S., G., and Helch, leading the air-conditioning household electricity market, account for nearly 70% of the market share.
The higher concentration in the downstream household air conditioning industry has been influenced by the fact that the United States is the company ' s main customer, accounting for 70-77 per cent of current operating income, and the increased market share of the United States air conditioner has contributed to the expansion of corporate heat exchange business development.
High-quality and stable customer relations are the key to competition, with the first increases in the German thermal exchange sector.
The market is seasonal and cyclical, with higher supply requirements for heat exchange manufacturers. As a result, the industry has developed an accompaniment system of “aero-adjusted industrial firms supported by major + professional component manufacturers” with the output of the air-conditioning heat exchangers gradually shifting to excellent suppliers.
Thermoexchanger industry is dominated by the German industry, the Samurai intellectual control, the shading environment, and the Hennesser. In 2017, affected by the heat of the climate, the demand for air-stimulating consumption and the growing demand in the post-natal cycle, the thermal exchanger industry grew rapidly, with a growth rate of 81% in the German industry, ranking first. In 2019 and 2020, affected by the Chinese-American relationship and the epidemic, some of the producers performed in a negative manner, and the German industry performed well.
There are three main areas in which companies have a competitive advantage in the area of heat exchangers:
Good downstream customer relations: the company’s partnership with the United States is good, and the US Department of Domestic Air-conditioning has on several occasions been rated as a good supplier, a gold-plate supplier. The data show that companies account for 58%, 63%, 63%, and 61.5% of America’s external purchases, and the purchasing ratio remains stable.
Effective transmission of price fluctuations of upstream raw materials: The upstream raw materials of the heat exchange series are mainly copper tubes, aluminium sorghum, etc. The Division uses the “double distribution model”, whereby the manufacturer of a home-based whole unit concentrates on the demand for large quantities of raw materials from all suppliers in the supply chain, negotiates with or procures centrally from the suppliers of large bulk materials, and then requires components-type producers to procure large amounts of raw materials from them or their designated qualified suppliers.
This procurement model, coupled with the company's use of a cost-pricing model, effectively weakens raw materials
On balance, we believe that the thermal exchange industry has remained stable. The German industry has grown by about 26%, and the Māori rate has remained steady at 18-19%, thanks to its excellent production skills, stable and high-quality customer relations, and efficient transmission of raw materials prices.
The first environmental appliance series of products in the Deyed industry are humidifiers. The humidifiers are also known as humidifiers, dryers, dehumidifiers, which can generally be divided into home-based categories, such as humidifiers and industrial dehumidifiers, which reduce indoor humidity, address humid irritation and discourage molding, wind, etc.
The industrial dehumidifier has the function of removing humid air from the storage of goods, and of stacking them. Applying machine rooms, workshops, warehouses. Accelerating exports of domestic producers + expansion of the domestic market.
China’s growing global position as a de-wetner is accelerating: rising consumption is driving the expansion of domestic humidifier markets. China is the main producer of global de-wet machines, accounting for 80% of global production, and its position in the global de-wetter market is becoming more prominent.
Over the years, China has mainly exported humidifiers abroad, dominated by overseas markets. The market size of the humidifier was $5,958 million in 2017, of which the export size was $4,913 million, or 82.5 per cent of the market size. The market size of the humidifier export market fell somewhat in 2017-2019. Small household electricity exports increased significantly in 2020 and the market is expected to grow again.
Consumption escalation is expected to open up domestic markets for dehumidifiers. Wetifiers reach more than 30% in developed countries such as Europe and the United States, 29% in Korea, 28% in Japan, 24% in China: 68% in Taiwan, 55% in Hong Kong, China, and only 1% in China. The main export markets for dehumidifiers are mostly in Italy, Japan, Taiwan, China, and the tropical, subtropical monsoon climate, and the Mediterranean.
The main features of the home dehumidifier application are the high humidity caused by the rainy days of March and April in the eastern region. As living standards rise, consumption perceptions shift, and the concept of dehumidification is promoted by the manufacturers of dehumidifiers.
The market has been scaled up by the use of domestic dehumidifiers, which are branded “deved” as a stable leader in the domestic industry, and the production of dehumidifiers is divided into three main categories: one is a home-based air-conditioning company, represented by the Gorgeous and the United States, which produces domestic dewetting.
These companies have clear advantages in terms of technology and domestic and foreign distribution channels: second, commercial air conditioning enterprises, represented by Turing, York, which focus on the development of industrial humidifiers, which are characterized by a high level of technology: third, professional humidifiers, and more attention to products, the Deyed brand, have been named honours. In the area of dehumidifiers, the German brand has been branded company labeled humidifiers.
In 2018, 2019, and 2020, German brand dehumidifiers were ranked first in the trade in Skycats, and in Kyoto. The data show that German domestic dehumidifiers were first in the market in 2019, with a dominant position.
Export sizes in 2017-2019 were 0.7, 104 and 112 million yuan, respectively, and domestic market sizes were 131,202 and figure 20: Space measurements and profit projections for the dehumidifier industry.
In summary, we predict that the humidifier industry will benefit from higher demand from overseas markets, faster exports from domestic producers, sustained 20% growth in market size: benefits from higher domestic consumption, higher penetration of dehumidifiers, and faster growth in the domestic market. The advantage of German humidifiers operations lies in the creation of the self-wetter brand “deye” and rising city occupancy rates, which predict the release of humidifiers.
Portal and domestic market operations have continued to grow at a high rate of over 30 per cent.iv. In the field of PV inverters, the PV inverters are the core instruments of the PV system, and their main role is to convert direct electricity from PV into exchange power and access.
Loading or integration into the grid. Depending on whether energy can be stored, it can be divided into grid-connected and storage reversors. Photovoltaic storage reverses can be applied to centralized and distributed photovoltaic power stations.
Devices, which are transferred during the day from a direct current generated by a high-power component to a reverse transformer, which is integrated into the grid. At night, low-electric periods, recharge the battery by a reverse transformer. (i) Photovoltage is a sound street under global policy, and the household energy system is an industrial trend.
In 2021, countries set targets and policies for ecological construction, green low-carbons, and carbon reduction. China, for its part, proposed carbon peaking by 2030 and carbon neutrality by 2060; and the United States, for its part, proposed a $2 trillion new energy plan, with zero emissions by 2050 for the electricity industry by 2035.
With policy support, the clean energy industry has been growing at a high rate. As one of the core components of the photovoltaic system, the reverse transformer is growing rapidly and domestic demand is strong. The data show that 185gw light-voltage in 2020, a 45% increase compared to that. The change in demand for reverse-changers, as one of the core components of the photovoltaic system, is closely related to the size of the additional light-volt machine.
Overseas: The size of the additional photovoltaics has grown rapidly, from 84gw in 2016 to 185gw in 2020. The slowdown in 2016 and 2020 has been influenced by international policy changes in the photovoltaic industry and the new global crown epidemic, respectively. Domestic: the size of the new photovoltaics has increased explosively, with annual compound growth rates of 37.7% and significant increases in the domestic photovoltaics in 2018 and 2019.
The fall was largely influenced by the New Deal 513 of 2018, where policy circulars suspended the construction of ordinary power stations, directly leading to a decline in domestic demand for photovoltaics. But the policies and measures that followed were soon reversed, and the State’s objective of supporting the development of the photovoltaic industry remained unchanged.
Climate Summit countries goal 2021: (ii) Household storage can reap benefits from industry alpha. Household photovoltaic storage energy systems are a future trend for industry.
Benefits and reliability of power supply: 2) Global policy subsidies mitigate storage pains and drive storage capacity expansion: 3) The cost of storage cells continues to decline, making it possible to achieve full price parity for photovoltaic + storage. The economic benefits of home-based applications of photovoltaic storage systems.
The economic benefits of household storage include self-employment of electricity, peaks, electricity prices, and improved reliability of electricity. Household storage can ensure the supply of electricity in case of power system failure and effectively address the high incidence of power outages abroad.
The system is able to meet its own electricity needs, reduce its costs, and have a great commercial attraction to high-priced, light-blowing areas. According to the Solarpowereure report, the installation of a European home-based photovoltaic energy storage system stood at 65%, 36%, and 57%, respectively, in 2017-2019.
The cost of storage systems has fallen + the policy subsidy has boosted storage capacity. The point of pain in light-voltage energy size growth is high costs. The storage system structure consists mainly of batteries, pcs (two-way transformers of storage capacity), which account for more than 50 per cent of batteries. According to Bnef's latest data and projections, the cost of storage energy batteries in 2025 will be 41 per cent lower than in 2019.
In recent years, the government has gradually reduced its support for the photovoltaic industry, but has maintained its policy subsidies for household storage. The “14th Five” Plan clearly provides for the development of the energy storage industry, the development of new and emerging strategic industries, such as new energy sources, and the promotion of the energy revolution. In 2021, the policy subsidy was higher than expected, setting the household level at the bottom of 90gw, with a subsidy of $500 million.
Countries are expected to have appropriate policies to subsidize photovoltaic storage capacity, increasing the penetration of storage in home-based photovoltaic systems. Declines in battery costs and policy support will further boost the outbreak of the photovoltaic energy industry, with storage-reversers as an essential component of the storage-energy system, and the climate will be reflected in advance.
The United States IRS issues the New Ground Rules for Taxing the Residential Side Storage Energy System, which provides 30 per cent tax credit for residential side users by installing a battery storage system one year after installation of a photovoltaic system and meeting the condition that 100 per cent of the stored electricity comes from photovoltaic power.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (Meti) funded a budget of approximately $98.3 million to subsidize 66 per cent of the costs of families and businesses that installed lithium electrons.
The Circular on Construction-Related Matters, which provides for guaranteed grid access for grid companies in 2021, is no less than 90gw, is steadily promoting the construction of photovoltaic power for households, with a State budget subsidy of $500 million, and encourages the provision of storage capacity for home-based photovoltaic projects in a conditioned manner.
Domestic producers have accelerated their journey to the sea, new industrialists have emerged, domestic producers have a clear price advantage, and overseas market shares are expected to rise further. Data show that in 2019, domestic producers accounted for 55% of the world’s market share, with Chinese and Indian markets dominated by domestic inverters, but in the United States, Europe, Central Africa, and Latin America.
In 2020, six of the top 10 global inverters were Chinese, with a global share rising to 60%. Domestic manufacturers’ shares in Germany, Kudwi, Sunshine Power, and the Māori rate of the technology of the Jump were 33%, 37.6%, 23%, and 31.82%, respectively; while foreign producers sma,
The solaredge Māori rate is 16% and 32% respectively. Domestic reversers export Māori at a higher rate than overseas reversors, and go out to sea.
The main players in the domestic priority development of storage capacity are: German shareholdings, Guddewe, Jinbo technology, etc. In 2020, Gudwe, Jinbo technology storage/connection rates were 41%-37% and 35%-31% respectively.
In 2020, there was an explosive growth in the stock-reverser market, with a general doubling of major plant-repositor operations, and in 2019, with the city ranking first in the global market for stock-reverse-reformers, with 15%. In 2020, the German share of the stock-reverse-reverse was growing rapidly, with the harvest being second only to Gu Dewey, and the volume of both is expected to be even this year.
In summary, it is assumed that the inverter output is slightly higher than the global increase in the size of the new reloader, with an increase of more than 30%. The inverter price has increased slightly this year, as a result of the chip shortage, the price will decline gradually in the future, and the market size of the inverter is projected to grow by more than 30% in the future.
In our view, the advantages of German retrofitor business are that: the foreign market’s share of domestic producers is still low, but with a cost advantage, the country’s producers are highly competitive. The German business is dominated by overseas markets, covering the United States, Brazil, South Africa, India, Poland, etc., and the overseas market’s Māori ratio is higher than the domestic rate.
The stock market as a whole has grown by over 10-20%, with higher storage-reverser prices and Māori rates. The German industry is dominated by storage-reversers, which are higher than the chain inverters, microreverters, and other categories, and the future share of storage-revert business will increase.
With a 45 per cent share, the projected increase in reserves to 55 per cent in 2021 is expected to continue to rise. Revenue growth has remained high, with net asset yields showing impressive annual composite growth rates of 52.29 per cent.
High-value-added products, intensive development of the three lines of operation: heat exchange, environmental appliances, and circuit control, have led to significant growth in revenue collection. Three major lines of operations have increased in the last two years: the circuit control series > the heat exchange series > the environmental appliances series.
The Māori rate is lower and higher than the Māori rate for other products of the company. The Māori rate is higher for the company as a whole. In 2018, the heat exchange series was less affected by the rise in prices of raw materials, the circuit control series was more affected by the company's strategy to exchange prices for the market, and the Māori rate was much lower.
The net asset rate of return is subject to net sales interest rates, asset turnover rates and leverage ratios, and therefore the performance of net asset yields in companies is analysed on the basis of growth in revenue and good asset liquidity. In contrast to the industry, German net asset yields are far more competitive than competitors, ranking as only 6.96 per cent in the second guilder environment.
The company’s focus on product R & D capacity is increasing its investment in new products and technologies. Cost rates fall year by year, mainly as a result of the rapid increase in revenue and the rising proportion of R & D costs over the period. (ii) Inventory turnover is fast and orders are guaranteed.
Inventory swing days, accounts receivable days and accounts payable days are the three elements that make up the net operating cycle. The data are known to be 25, 29, 19 and 21 days of the net operating cycle from 2017 to 2020, respectively, and the thermal exchange area is better than the competition with the industry; Environmental appliances are second only to the industry's flagship, and reflect good financial management capacity.
So the heat exchanger is selected for comparative analysis with the industry companies Triple Smart Control, Shields and Environment, Macro and Environmental Electric and Industry, G.G.G., Bear Electrics. The competition with the industry reflects the company’s better sales and inventory management capabilities.
The reasons for the industry level are as follows: 1) In the case of the heat exchange series of products, the company uses a combination of “premise production” and “premise production”, with the main customer's order usually for three days and temporary emergency orders, so that the stock turnover is shorter. 2) For the oem/odm model dehumidifier, the air heat pumper and the air purifier, the production mode is “to cancel production”,
Inventory items and semi-finished and raw materials, etc., which are mostly prepared for purchase orders or stock preparation, are not subject to significant backlogs, risk of de-stocking, storage times are more known and account-receivable days are at a lower level in the industry as follows: 1) The policy for clearing receipts is good: the heat exchange operation has a double-distribution model and accounts receivable and accounts payable at year-end are offset by settlement payments, so the receivable balance is relatively larger than operating
Slight: Some environmental electrical and circuit control series products receive advance payments from customers prior to shipment. Refunds are good: (2) customer quality is strictly selected and customer credit is good: the main clients of the heat exchange business are beautiful; large amounts of air-source heat-pumpers are ordered by the Government, and the quality of the recovery of receivables is guaranteed.
This increase is reflected in the company’s increased short-term solvency. This is mainly due to the fact that the company’s sales earnings have increased significantly in recent years and the increase in its operating cash flow has resulted. The mobility ratio compared to the industry, the heat exchanger area: the gap between the shield environment and the three-flower mind control has gradually narrowed; and the domestic electricity sector is slightly lower than the bear appliance and better than the glycerine.
And 15, a year-to-year upward trend, which reflects a year-to-year improvement in corporate cash flows, a high level of profitability, mainly due to firm scrutiny of high-quality customers, a decrease in receivables, price fluctuations in thermal exchanger raw materials, supply and price fluctuations in reverse transformer raw materials, changes in photovoltaic industry policies and a resurgence of the epidemic.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report