Investment rating: buying (first time) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2020, 34% of cagr, 43% of net parent profit cagr, and high growth in revenue collection and profits. The reversible is the company’s main growth point, and the industry’s growth + national production replacement context makes the company a black horse.
In the future, with the development of the photovoltaic industry and the increase in storage penetration, demand for the inverter is expected to grow rapidly, with the demand for the inverter expected to grow at an annual rate of 35% in 20-30 years. Currently, the inverter is overseas, with high safety and suitability for overseas household needs.
The heat exchanger has opened up new customers, the environmental appliances have benefited from higher penetration, the traditional master industries have been growing steadily, and the company’s heat exchanger customers, mainly American and American, have increased their performance.
With the company’s new production capacity, the company’s environmental electrical products are mainly dehumidifiers, and domestic humidifiers are increasingly popular with domestic consumers as the standard of living rises.
In the future, it is expected that it will benefit from an increase in penetration rates. Photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected, Māori, large customer risk, heightened risk of the epidemic, etc.
Shares: Silicon Batteries Double Thick, Low Cost Accelerating Expansion 2020-8-7.
In 2000, after more than 20 years of development, the company has now formed heat exchangers, environmental appliances and billions of dollars, an increase of 66.2 per cent over the same period, and a net return of 100 million yuan over the same period, an increase of 119.9 per cent over the previous year.
Historically, the company has maintained a high rate of growth in revenue and profits. From 2016 to 2020, the company earned 34.3% of its business income, resulting in a net profit of 43.4%. Circuit control: Reverser business is the main growth point.
The company's current fastest-growing operations are circuit control, with the main products being a series of inverters, micro-reversers, and storage reversors. In the first half of 2020, the company's inverter business generated $115 million, and is expected to demand 29 per cent of cagr per year in 2020, 67 per cent of cagr per year for storage revers and 67 per cent of total cagr per year for inverters.
In addition to the high growth of the inverter industry itself, domestic firms have been on the sea in recent years, and their advantages have been growing. Over the last few years, domestic inverters exports have been increasing at a higher rate than industry.
Domestic branding, domestic inverser ownership in overseas markets is expected to be around 50%, and there is still room for improvement.
The company’s low-pressure products consist mainly of three groups of low-pressure inverters and low-pressure inverters. The safety of low-pressure inverters is high. The company’s current market share is still low, with greater scope for future upgrading.
Assuming that companies will increase their share of the future photovoltaic reversals to 5 per cent, and the reservoir reverses to 10 per cent, it is expected that the harvest will increase by $9.8 billion, which will contribute significantly to the company’s performance.
Thermal exchangers are key components of air conditioning for temperature regulation. Air conditioners are downstream as heat exchangers, with concentrations around the corner. In January-April 2021, the total sales of domestic air conditioners were 539.99 million, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period. In 2015-2020, the average annual rate of sales of air conditioners was about 6 per cent.
Although the rate of growth in the air-conditioning sector has been stable, the company's heat exchange business has continued to grow over the past few years. By 2020, 2,071 million won in the heat exchange business, an increase of 15% over the same period.
Environmental appliances: The rate of dehumidification is expected to increase. The main products in the environmental appliances series are dehumidifiers and heaters, and the company's products are mainly used in the domestic market, on-line and off-line for sale.
The main reason for this is the decline in sales of high-cost household dehumidifiers and the impact of the epidemic on the sale of industrial dehumidifiers.
The current prevalence of humidifiers is higher in countries like Europe and America, but lower in the country. As life level rises, domestic humidifier products are increasingly popular with domestic consumers, city heat exchangers: company heat exchange operations are tied to the depth of the United States, and new production capacity is mainly available to other customers.
The heat exchange business is expected to grow steadily as the penetration rate of the variable air conditioners rises and the company expands its new customers. Compared to other comparable companies, the urban surplus area of the company ' s heat exchange business in 2022 is environmental appliances: the company ' s environmental electrical business is mainly small household power, such as dehumidifiers, with small household power penetration rates.
It's going to grow fast. Compared to other comparable companies, it's going to be used for environmental appliances 2022 Control appliances: Control appliances are the company's main growth point in the future and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
In the period in which the share of national production is increasing. As a future development, the stock is now in the pre-boom period, where companies have pre-emptive advantages, low-pressure storage reversibles are safe, suitable for overseas household use, and are expected to be 30 x 17 x 12 x. Based on segment valuation, we give the company heat exchange/environmental electrical/circuit control plates.
Company 2: Thermal exchanger is the main industry, the inverter business is increasing.
The German shares were founded in 2000, and the company initially worked on small-scale molding, providing complementary products to customers such as American and Wall cars. Since 2007, the company started to provide American acupuncture heat exchangers, while it began to involve circuit control plates. At the beginning of 2018, the company transferred low-profit plastics operations and established heat exchangers.
The main products in the heat exchange series are vaporizers and condensers, which are the main components of air conditioning and are used in heat.
The main products of the environmental appliances series are dehumidifiers, air purifiers, etc., and are in the small household power industry. The main products of the circuit control series are inverters, change frequency control chips, etc. In 2020, the company heat exchanger series received $2,071 million, or 68%; and the environmental appliances series received 5.45%.
Billion dollars, 18 per cent; circuit control series, 384 million yuan, 13 per cent.
2.2 Centralization of equity structures and incentives for employees The firm is controlled by Chang and King and holds 24% of the company's shares directly; indirect ownership of 37.59% of the department's shares through the Assew investment; indirect ownership of 0.147% of the company through the Henrik investment through the employee holding platform; and indirect ownership of 0.147% of the company through the German investment.
In July-August 2017, the realist Zhang and King transferred some of their shareholdings to German-owned investment and Henry’s investment in the Workers’ Fund to provide staff incentives. The incentives involved more than 40 core employees, including research and development, marketing, and production personnel in various sectors of business.
2.3 The growth rate of performance continued to be high, and the financial structure of the company achieved an operating income of RMB 3,024 million in 2020, an increase of 17.7 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was RMB 382 million, an increase of 47.3 per cent in the same year, and the company achieved an operating income of RMB 865 million in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 66.2 per cent in the same year;
In terms of historical operations, the company has maintained a high rate of revenue and profit growth. From 2016 to 2020, the company ' s operating income was 34.3% cagr, and the mother ' s net profit 43.4%.
The company ' s Māori rate declined in 2018, mainly due to the fact that the heat exchanger system ' s raw materials, corrugated copper tubes, light tubes, aluminum, etc., were affected by commodity prices and increased costs. By operation, the Māori rate of the heat exchanger series was mainly affected by the prices of bulk commercial copper, aluminium, etc.
The Māori rate of the electrical series has been influenced mainly by product structure and sales unit prices, with an increase in the share of low-end product sales year after year in the early years of inverter development, where companies made product concessions to develop new customers overseas, leading to a steady decline in the asset-liability ratio of companies in recent years. As at the end of the first quarter of 2021, corporate asset-liability ratios had been reduced.
From historical data, corporate operating cash flows are better. Net operating cash flows are more than 100% higher than net profit returns, and corporate profits are higher.
2.4 A positive expansion of the market was launched, with an expected 2.3 billion more after the arrival of the production capacity The company raised a total of 1.330 billion yuan for the construction of new capacity in various lines of business, as well as for the construction of R & D centres and supplementary retention funds.
Figure 30, ipo fund-raising will be used for all types of business expansion 3 circuit control series: Reverser business is the main growth point 3.1 company ' s main product is a chain inverter and storage inverter
As the company’s fastest-growing business, the main products of the circuit control series are inverters and change-frequency control chips, hundreds of millions of yuan, which are expected to exceed 300 million yuan by 2020. The annual compound growth of the reverse-changer business is expected to reach the company’s reverse-transaction rate between 2017 and 2020, which consists mainly of micro-reversers, cluster inverters, and storage inverters.
The unit price of the variable and microreversers is higher, and the Māori rate is relatively higher. Companies are involved in reverse products that are mainly used in home-based photovoltaic projects, and the company’s products are mainly sold overseas.
10%. In the first quarter of 2021, the share rose to about 50%. Some overseas countries subsidized distributed photovoltaics, leading to higher distribution-loading ratios. From global inverters, the current stock ratio of cluster inverters has exceeded the concentration pattern, with 66.5% in 2020 and 28.5% in 2020.
Serial inverter occupancy has increased further.
3.2 The photovoltaic industry has grown rapidly, with the storage revers being added. In recent years, the amount of photovoltaic revers has increased with the growth of the photovoltaics. From 2016 to 2020, 15% of the world ' s photovoltaics added cagr. The global revers are about 16% cagr, slightly faster than the photovoltaics.
The light-voltage ratio is increasing. In addition to the booster ratio and the replacement demand for the inverter, as the penetration rate of the new energy generation plus the storage energy rises, the storage energy inverter will be added to the inverter industry.
We expect a rapid increase in future demand for the inverter: from 2020 to 2030, 24 per cent of the annual photovoltaic inverter market cagr, 55 per cent of the storage inverter market cagr, 37 per cent of the total inverter market spacecagr.
In the context of the trend towards substitution of domestic production, domestic reversible firms are growing at a high rate, the industry has been developing for longer periods abroad, demanding higher quality of products, and Chinese firms need more time to authenticate their products in order to open their markets abroad.
In the past few years, domestic exports of inverters have increased faster than industry. The global rate of domestic production in the inverter industry is constantly being raised.
Figure 38 Prices of domestic inverters are generally low ($/w) The share of domestic inverters has risen year after year in recent years, given the high industry profile. In 2020, as a result of an outbreak abroad, which is difficult to control in the short term, it affected the production and operation of overseas inverters, while the domestic product invertor is on the other hand.
The advantage is further illustrated by the fact that the share of domestic firms is expected to rise to about 70% by 2020. Given the basic domestic purchase of domestic brands, domestic reverses are in overseas cities, and the concentration of the inverted industry is increasing.
The market concentration of the three pre-reversers is expected to be more than 50% in 2020. 3.4 Reversers are mainly export-oriented, low-pressure inverters are product bright spots.
In 2019, the company’s reversible business odm/oem and its own brands were roughly equally divided. The company’s low-pressure product consisted of three main series of low-pressure reversors and storage low-pressure reversors.
At the same time, the company’s reverse transformer product, coupled with an intelligent monitoring platform, can be shut down remotely in the event of an accident, increasing the effectiveness of power plant operations. The company’s current city share is still low, and there is much room for future upgrades.
The company’s reverse agent market is estimated to be about 0.81%. Compared to other reversors, the company’s current market share is figure 442019, and we believe that the company has a strong advantage in the use of reversors and storage in low-pressure households.
The variable is more suitable for household use and has a higher degree of acceptance abroad. Also, benefiting from the significant growth in overseas storage, the company’s reserves can increase faster with low-pressure reversibles and have a higher Maori rate.
Currently, there are more exports of storage reversors, with a general Māori rate of around 50 per cent; the Māori rate of domestic storage reversors is 25 per cent.
3.5 Profit forecasts: Reverse transformers are growing at a high rate, and companies are expected to grow at a higher rate than industry, and demand for reverse transformers exports has remained strong since this year. In January-April 2021, China accumulated a total of RMB billion in exports, an increase of 83 per cent in the same year, accounting for 15 per cent of the country ' s exports.
Since the beginning of the year, with the spread of vaccinations and the effective control of the overseas epidemic, the demand for overseas installed aircraft has recovered. From January-April export data, there is now a strong demand from overseas and high growth in counter-change export data, with firms expected to continue to export at a high rate.
Figure 48 Zhejiang Province exports at a higher rate than industry (million yuan)
Thermal exchangers are the key components of the air conditioning that regulate the temperature. Air conditioners are downstream as heat exchangers, with higher concentrations. Gorgeous, beautiful, Hale cities have more than 70%, and their concentration continues to rise. The company ' s heat exchange product, due to the epidemic, sold a total of 141 million air conditioners in 2020, down 4.9% from 2021.
In January-April, the total sales of domestic air conditioners were 53,99 million, an increase of 27 per cent over the same period. In 2015-2020, the average annual rate of sales of air conditioners was about 6 per cent. The volume of sales of air conditioners in the United States grew faster than in the industry, 15.2 per cent in 2020 and 25.4 per cent in January-April 2021. The market share of air conditioners in the United States rose from 25 per cent in 2015 to 25 per cent in 2015.
At the same time, the company ' s accompaniment supply accounted for about 60 per cent of the U.S. heat exchanger outsourcing, and was repeatedly rated as a good supplier, gold medal supplier. 4.2 Thermal exchange business has increased at a high and relatively stable rate of compound growth.
Although the rate of growth in the air-conditioning sector has been stable, the company's heat exchange business has continued to grow over the past few years. In 2020, the heat exchange business generated 2,071 million yuan, a 15 per cent increase over the same period. In 2016-2020, the company's heat exchange business, the Maori rate of the heat exchanger was largely influenced by the prices of raw materials, copper tubes, aluminum and aluminum, as a result of raw materials in 2018.
Prices have increased, and the company ' s Māori ratio has declined. Generally, the reasonable Māori rate for heat exchangers is around 20%, with a steady profit forecast of 4.3: this year ' s strong recovery in air conditioners and a slight drop in the Māori rate, which has been affected by a large number of events, has been increasing at a higher rate since this year. The cumulative sales of air conditioners and air conditioners have increased by 27% in January-April.
U.S. year-on-year growth of 25%. The company's heat exchange is expected to benefit directly from its supply, which is expected to be 20% this year.
Since January-May of this year, the average price of aluminum bauxite has been $17,095 per ton, an increase of 31% over the same period last year; the average price of electrolytic copper has been $65618 per ton, an increase of 70% over the same period last year. Both prices are at an all-time high.
Figure 57 Increases in the price of aluminum bauxite by 31 per cent since this year ($/t) Figure 58 Increases in the price of electrolytic copper by 70 per cent since this year ($/t) 5 Environmental Electrical Series: The rate of dehumidification is expected to increase
The main products of the environmental appliances series are dehumidifiers and heaters, and the company’s products are mainly used in the home market, for sale on and off the line.
Income accounts for about 30% of environmental electrical operations. Other sales under the line ranged mainly from 0dm/0em to under-line distribution. Environmental appliances received $545 million in 2020, a slight decrease from the same year. This is mainly due to lower sales of high-cost domestic dehumidifiers, while the epidemic affected the sale of industrial dehumidifiers.
In terms of the Māori rate, the Māori rate is higher in the environmental electrical business, which is generally above 30%.The Māori rate in the environmental electrical business is generally higher than 30%.
The current prevalence of humidifiers is higher in countries like Europe and America, but it is lower in the country. As the water level rises, domestic humidifiers are becoming more popular with domestic consumers, and the size of the city is increasing.
Client groups, corporate performance is expected to continue to improve as domestic consumption awareness of dehumidifiers increases. 5.3 Profit forecasts: steady growth in environmental electrical operations Thermal exchangers: firm heat exchange operations are tied to the depth of the United States, and new capacity is primarily available to other customers.
The heat exchange business is expected to grow steadily as the penetration rate of the variable air conditioners rises and the company expands its new customers. Compared to other comparable companies, the urban surplus area of the company ' s heat exchange business in 2022 is environmental appliances: the company ' s environmental electrical business is mainly small household power, such as dehumidifiers, with small household power penetration rates.
It's going to grow fast. Compared to other comparable companies, it's going to be used for environmental appliances 2022 Control appliances: Control appliances are the company's main growth point in the future and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
In the period in which the share of national production is increasing. And as a future development, the stock is now in the pre-blast period, where the company has a pre-emergent advantage, low-pressure storage reversibility is highly secure, suitable for overseas household use, and it is expected that in the future, based on the divisional valuation method, we will give the company the respective market value for the heat exchange/environmental appliances/circuit control plate.
The company’s Māori rate is not as high as expected. The company’s Māori rate is present due to higher prices and tightness of raw materials such as igbt, chips, etc.
Large customer risk. The company's heat exchange business binds large customers, and the company can increase the risk if the client is exposed to business risk. The new coronary epidemic, though contained, is unpredictable.
Global trade protectionism has escalated. Some of the company’s operations are exported abroad, and if global trade protectionism has escalated, export operations may be curtailed.
Contact person: Sheng Yi, three years of buyer's industry research experience, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering wind and light voltage plates, new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles. Contact person: Beyeda, Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, National Scholarship and Work at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity.
Research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. The information and information used in this report, using legal compliance information, is presented independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor do I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in it will not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.