Huliangyeyibin (000858ch) q2 income growth robust and profit rate rising continuously q2revenuegrrowssteadily, profitmarginkeypsincreasing
The company published its semi-annual report for 2022: 22h1 achieved total operating income.
• High sales and upgrading of other drinking and fluid products. Sub-products: 22h15 Division decentralization of war zone autonomy, including cost autonomy, personnel administration, team testing, business appraisals, emergency decision-making, we expect to stimulate team activity.
The company has been active in making up for the damage, and has been active in opening up the Mid-Autumn Repository. 22h1 other alcohol revenues are equal to the system, focusing on high-priced products; and the company has been active in promoting the Five Foods Liquor Channel.
The Western market is growing fast, and companies are expanding their channels. Sub-regions: 22h1 west market revenues are growing fast, compared to 32.3%, mainly due to 1.
Relatively small, companies are more focused on building markets in their headquarters regions, (2) Five grains of good quality commercial channels continue to be optimized with faster growth; income from eastern/central/northern/southern regions affected by the epidemic remains positive at 22h1 vs. + 6.1%/+5.2%/
Upgraded consumption end-service capacity. The company promoted the expansion of channels with net growth of between 350/9 and 2404/611 of 22H1-Liquid/Five-Five-Finish Merchant distributors, new retailing, ka power suppliers and high-end group purchasing and consumption on a continuous basis.
• The product price increase structure optimized the Māori rate and the 22q2 cash flow performed well. The main reason is considered to be: 1) the higher-end income ratio of high-end products and an annual increase of R$90/bottle to R$1089/bottle). 22q2 operating net cash flow is the same ratio.
♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Eun-hye ♪ ♪ ♪ Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! ♪