We've got a lot of food in our history, and we've got a lot of food in our history.
Large brand genes, coupled with the growing habits of strong wine consumption since the 1990s, companies have expanded rapidly to become veritable vanillas through several expansions of production capacity, large-scale commerce, and oem models. As consumption continues to increase, the awareness of white wine brands continues to grow.
The price of 1,000 dollars has risen, and the five grains have enjoyed the highest market share in the price of 1,000 dollars, with the hope of enjoying further the industry’s beta dividend.  Governance and development: more than ten kings of Liquor League, growing at a slower pace than ever before.
When Wang Chun took office, he proposed a “three-step strategy” to improve the quality and scale of production, especially as the Oem+ big business system directly contributed to the company's growth as a “generation of wine kings.” After taking office in 2007, Chairman Tang Bridge actively sought change, but due to a major internal business malpractice,
The company has lost its leadership, but has managed to overcome the restructuring period through a series of measures in terms of products, institutions, channels, etc.  Governance and entrepreneurship: multi-dimensional reform, and a return of glory.
Longer, start the “second entrepreneurship” new journey: 1) Institutional reforms are dynamic: mixed changes lead to increased staff participation, distribution of shares, motivation of staff, enhanced channel thrust. 2) Product strategy achieves focus: enhanced location of core brands, implementation of the “1+3” master brand strategy; series
Liquor thinness, implementation of the " 4+4 " series strategy, streamlining bar codes, optimization of structures. 3) Number of channels.
• Governance and reform: reform deepening, and marketing beauty, 2022. He was appointed from Chin early in 2022 as the first president and secretary of the group and stock company for more than five years.
"Five grains: 2021 newspaper: show 1: 1) products adhere to three two-round orientations: the goal of a non-quantified classic five grains year round, with emphasis on:
To boost brand value and foster high-end consumers; to maintain a steady ups and ups and downs; to meet the demand for diversified consumption; to build up and upgrade brands over time in the five-food spring.
Road ownership continues to grow: more sophisticated channels of change, more intensive lines of delegation procurement, and greater end-control through digitalization. 3) The value of brands continues to rise: high quality is guaranteed while the voice of the public is sustained and the brand is raised; and through a series of perimeters
Quick: Double-digit successful closing, marketing combinations around “and American culture” and continuous extension of brand width. Strong brand power and clear and well-defined development planning, 30 times greater than 2023, corresponding to shares
1. High-end Liquor Competition, a five-grain brand with a strong genes, and a five-food fluid, known for its late appearance in Sheng Tang, formerly a conglomerate of eight workshops formed by the Eibin City Great Wine Boiling Industries, became a State-owned wine factory in 1952, converted into the Eibin Five Grain Group Ltd. in 1998 and was in deep contact in the same year.
The company took the lead in raising prices, expanding production in the 1990s, rapidly adopting the oem model to become the king of the liquor industry; at the same time, it was gradually overtaken by the effects of intra-group linkages, changes in tax policies, diversification strategies, and buy-out card strategies.
Starting in 2017, companies started second-tier entrepreneurship, pursuing catch-up and cross-cutting development through strategic innovation, brand innovation, marketing innovation, and striving for a return to branding, market and market value.
Brand power is building a core moat, high-end alcohol competition is strong. In the context of rising consumption and strong branding of wine companies, consumer awareness of branding of white wine continues to grow, the poo stands at over $2,000's super-high-price belts continue to grow, and the advantage is still growing; 1,000-bit slots five, ,  is the main oligarch, long-term oligarchic competitor.
We believe that the future patterns of competition for high-end white wine monopoly are unlikely to change significantly, and that the strong are always strong. Figure 2: Shares of high-end white wine brands in 2020 (sales calibre) Figure 3: Shares of high-end white wine brands in 2020 (sales calibre)
Consumption upgrades drive up the price of high-end alcohol. The current high-end price belt, driven by rising consumption, is now in its current year, with higher-end sales being less affected, and high-end price bands continuing to grow in size. According to corporate announcements, forward-looking research institutes, and microscopic data and our calculations, the market size of the high-end white wine belt in 2020 was $142.5 billion, or 14.5 billion.
Twenty-four percent of total revenue in the white industry, capr = 26 percent of the high-end liquor market in 2016-2020, with a continued expansion of the industry’s 1,000-dollar price belt well above the industry’s size, the five grain fluids are expected to continue to benefit from the industry’s beta dividend. As consumer power continues to rise, and the consumer’s concept of “less alcohol, good wine,” following the epidemic, is added to that of the 2020-2021 soy sauce.
In the heat of the tide, different groups of goods are also participating in the 1,000-dollar price band, with a high price profile, a rapid increase in the volume of remittances by 2021, faster than the high end, an improvement in the economic situation during the overall expansion of the industry, and a five-dollar fluid with the highest market share in the 1,000-dollar price, with the prospect of further benefits from the beta dividend generated by the industry.
At the second full party in 1963, the rule was to rate the smell of wine separately, making it good for the smell of the wine, and not high for the smell of the fragrant, fragrant and white wine, from which the first four aces of the eight wines were evaluated.
They are strong and do not really reflect the characteristics of different styles of white wine; thus, in order to harmonize the points, the 3rd National Wine Conference in 1979 specifically defined the style of white wine styles and identified four main fragrances: the sauce type, the fragrance type, the clear fragrance type, and the fragrance type. Since then, the fragrance type is no longer a description of the wine factory itself or a personal consumer experience and evaluation.
After decades of development, the fragrances were kings from the pre-1980’s to the continued fragrances of the 1990’s until the 1990’s. The fragrance industry expanded throughout the country, becoming the first fragrance, and the five grain fluids expanded rapidly.
Constraints such as inadequate food supply and lack of food are gradually disappearing. As a result of the strong taste of strong white wine, the gradual spread of brewing techniques, such as vinegar cultivation, and the excellent performance of the previous five evaluation meetings, the habit of consumption of strong wines has gradually grown. In 1984, the total annual production of white wine was 3.5 million tons, with 55% of strong fragrances, and possessions.
At the same time, with the acceleration of market-based reforms, the price of famous wine has gradually been liberalized everywhere, with the opening up of a national expansion of enterprises in the Sulu-su-su-su-su-su-glu main area of the five grains, Xiangzhou old cellars, Gui and Yoo River, and the transformation of the Qing-sao enterprises in the northwest and the Southwest, thanks to the dominant status of the Qing-sao wine, the Qing-Siang enterprises and the Xiang-San-Sao enterprises.
The production of strong perfumes has gradually risen to 70%, making it the country’s first fragrance. Five of the fluids have significantly increased their capacity through several expansions, while the channel has taken the lead in the introduction of large-scale commerce and the oem model, which has expanded rapidly to become a veritable dragon.
2.1. The Kingdom ' s Spring era: the expansion of production and the achievement of the White Liquor King. In 1985, Wang Chun became the Director of the Five Foods and Liquor Factory, proposing a three-step strategy for moving from a quality-effective road to a quality-scale one and to a diversified development path. The main points are as follows:
Qualitative improvements and the formation of a scientific management system: as the standard of living of the people gradually rises, so does the consumer demand for alcohol; in 1988, in the context of price breakouts and the country's open pricing rights, the five grains took the lead in raising prices, and the competitions that went beyond wine and the old cellars became China's first-highest white wine at the time.
The price increases were accompanied by a decision by the head of the Royal Spring factory to take a quality-efficient approach, to allow high-quality products to meet the market demand for good wine, and to organize science in the wine factory.