At first, the core agents were able to improve their productivity, and the Chinese Pacific Guard, China Pacific Guard 2022, reported performance ratings.
In the mid-term report for 2022, the China Pacific Agency published an operating income of 255,104 million yuan during the reporting period. The company was established on 13 May 1991 and grew by 1.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis; the net profit from repatriation was 13,301 million yuan, a 23.1 per cent reduction in the value of the new business of life insurance.
The insurance group formed on the basis of the Ocean Insurance Company, $5,596 million, or 45.3 per cent less than the previous year, had a value of $50,908.8 billion at the end of the group, compared to 2021. The company, with its headquarters in Shanghai, was the leading “a+h” in the country.
The company is focused on the main insurance sector, which is expanding its operations around the chain of major insurance companies, facing persistent shocks and volatile capital markets during the reporting period, corporate liabilities and investments.
Life, maternity, old-age and health insurance have been achieved.
High-value long-term guaranteed product sales for high-frequency visits are blocked, product structure continues to move towards savings, business plates are developing in a shared way, customer-driven products tend to be biased, and the value of new business has fallen significantly from 14.7 to 10.7 percentage points to 10.7 per cent over the same period, delaying new industries
“Customer demand-oriented” values and methodologies are being promoted; at the same time, continued volatility in capital markets in the first half of the year, influenced by multiple internal and external factors, has led to the growth of the value of services.
The theory has been internalized into the life gene of the company; focus on value addition; long: life insurance seeks high-quality new business value-added; long, production-risk business insists on making a profit; asset management business
Short-term shocks take time to digest, as life-threatening reforms hit a Shanghai epidemic. In the case of domestic outbreaks, macroeconomic and disposable income increases continue to be under pressure, and “consumption downs” environments continue to exist.
People’s demand for insurance products and pre-epidemiological differences are accelerating, and the demand for high-priced products has declined for some time. In a situation where business expansion has already been difficult, the Shanghai epidemic, which has lasted for two months since April, has had a huge impact on the company’s agents’ growth and expansion.
The 52-week stock price range ($) is partly delaying the process of reforming the company’s channels. The short-term impact of the epidemic will still take time to digest, given the increased difficulty of increasing the number of staff and the continuing disillusionment.
In the first half of the year, there were some positive changes in corporate business as a whole. Under the short-term pressure of the macro-economic and industrial circulation b/h (million shares) environment, companies continued to push for reforms in an effort to emerge from intense competition in the industry.
By means of financial technology, companies speed up the transformation of agents' “triple five-most” occupational marketing, relying on “core” basic laws and specialized marketing platforms, introducing professional and systematic training and marketing teams, building high-capacity core manpower, and upgrading agents as a whole.
In the face of a continuing decline, the average core manpower of 2022h in January was 12,000 more than 2021h2, and 39.3 per cent of the core workforce, with companies seizing the opportunity of growing demand for savings-based products from their clients to implement an effective regional and channeling of the three value strategies of value points, value products, high-quality teams.
In addition, the company developed its third pillar of pension insurance to build a high-quality community around the population's needs for old-age pension.
The economic slowdown, coupled with a sea epidemic, will make 22h1’s performance a recent low point. The second half of the year may be expected to improve.
The accelerated build-up of human capacity will continue to improve, with growth dynamics building up for 2023 “open door” and the growth of core value indicators expected to pick up. At the same time, domestic interest rates are expected to be more limited in the lower space and reserve pressure is expected to rise as a result of a combination of domestic and external factors, such as middle-United States spreads, inflation, etc.
In addition, positive corporate initiatives in the area of dividends are expected to boost investors’ confidence in the current market environment and help value-reducing repairs. The challenges of falling fees and failing value growth have further increased the number of canals in Shanghai during the first half of the year.