Intranet operations have grown steadily, with more offline operations growing by 14.6 per cent compared to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre and 0.32 per cent compared to the previous year. In the second quarter of 2022, $10.57 billion was collected, compared to the previous year.
In 2022, the National Network planned to invest $501.2 billion, breaking 500 billion for the first time, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the previous year.
Automated information and communication operations for electricity, relay protection and flexible transmission camps, respectively, have increased. Formal cut-offs have taken place, and the new generation of electrical information-gathering systems has become more functional.
There has been a marked increase in the number of new generation projects, such as the master power distribution station with the winning tag, the new generation of gendarme, Ningxia, etc., the first cloud platform and the new generation of automated metering stations. On the off-grid market, new contracts have increased by 27.8% over the same period.
In our view, the company continues to build up the inner market, and the expansion of the offline market will provide a breakthrough for long-term performance growth in emerging industries. 2022h1, the company ' s 4500vigbt device is operating through reliability and in-house testing: the 7mw offshore wind currents are applied in Guangdong Yangjiang. The company has become a minority at the equipment level.
Businesses that hold the core technology of wind transformers have made a major breakthrough in driving the “cricket” of the power grid’s core power devices, with further industrialization expected in the future. Hundreds of millions of yuan, or 61.44 billion yuan, will maintain a combined 16.1% increase in net profit returns over the next three years.
In the long run, business performance is expected to continue to improve, with the first “holding” rating being covered. Risks: the process of industrialization of the igbt has fallen short of expectations: exchange rate fluctuations affect the risks that companies run abroad.
The country's technology company, Inc. (“Nanxie State”) was established in 2001 with the Nanxi Group as the main sponsor and placed on the market in October 2003 and is the national electricity grid company.
Based on advanced control technology and information technology, the company uses technology such as big data, cloud computing, block chains, etc., to provide hardware and software products, integrated resolution programmes, and application services to industries and customers such as electricity grids, orbital transport, water, municipal utility, etc. Through the acquisition of multi-firm equity, the company has added a number of systems for orbital transport electrical and protection automation.
The company effectively controls the State Council State Property Supervision and Management Committee, which as of 2022h1, the State Council State Assets Control Authority.
The Management Committee, through the Nanxi Group, the first major shareholder of the holding company, indirectly holds 51.48% of the company's shares, with a concentrated share. The division of functions of the company's subsidiaries is clear, in which the Sino-Puri sector is responsible for high voltage transmission, the National Energy and Nanjing Control System is responsible for railing and electricity automation, and the South Nanxie Information and Communication Technology is responsible for information and communications software and hardware, providing major performance increases.
The country’s electricity-and-swee operation covers the entire process of transmission and distribution, and is the only supplier in the current domestic electricity system and its automation field that can provide a holistic solution to the whole industry chain of products and integration. Corporate products are widely used in a wide range of areas, such as electricity systems, orbital transport, industrial control, smart manufacturing, hydro, chemical, and new energy sources.
Many of the company's products are already at the forefront of the industry, and in the area of relay protection, they are pioneers of the country's high-voltage grid relay protection technology: high-voltage high-volume switch valves, straight-flow breakers, control systems, etc. in the field of flexible transmissions have also reached international leadership levels. Corporate R & D investment has increased steadily, with research and development taking place between 2017 and 2021.
With the wind of new power systems being built, business performance is growing steadily, the grid and the grid are developing simultaneously, and the size of the company’s revenue continues to grow. From 2017 to 2021, companies seized 24.2 billion yuan in revenue from new power systems and seized opportunities such as construction, large-scale grid-connection of clean energy, digital transformation, etc., to achieve a return.
In the first half of 2022, the company overcomeed the adverse effects of downward pressure on the economy and the recurrent outbreak of the epidemic and achieved a return to the mother ' s net profit of $2.11 billion, an increase of 14.5 per cent. The profitability was generally stable and the product structure adjusted. In the first half of 2022, the company ' s Māori sales rate was 27.4 per cent.
The same-year decline of 0.01 pp; the net interest rate on sales of 13.8 per cent, an increase of 0.5 per cent. Although the business ' s Māori ratio declined by 3.8 pp compared to the same-year period due to changes in the product structure in the relay protection and flexible transmission industries, it benefited from an increase in revenue from operations such as information and communications operations, integration and other energy-saving leasing operations in electricity automation information and communications operations, and an increase in the overall Māori rate
The cost of vehicle sales was 4.8 per cent, a decrease of 0.3 pp from the same year; the management cost was 9 per cent, an increase of 0.3 pp from the same year; and the financial cost was -1.5 per cent, a decrease of 1 pp from the same year, mainly due to the increase in exchange rate earnings from foreign exchange fluctuations and interest income.
As of 2022h1, the national installed capacity of non-fossil energy generation amounted to 1,180 million kilowatts, or 48.2 per cent of total installed capacity, an increase of 2.8 pp per cent. According to the Federation, in 2022, in the context of the rapid development of new energy sources, the size of the new installed infrastructure will be at an all-time high, with a national installed capacity of 2.6 billion kilowatts, an increase of about 9 per cent: non-fossil energy installed.
For the first time, the share of total installed capacity will rise to 50 per cent, from 6.4 trillion kilowatt-hours to 8.3 trillion kilowatt-hours per year, with an increase of 2.9 per cent for cagr and 4.1 trillion kilowatt-hours for 2022h1 and an increase of 2.9 per cent for electrification.
In the context of accelerated electrification, electricity accounted for 26.5% of end-use energy consumption in 2020. In March 2022, the Guidance for the Further Promotion of Power Substitution indicated that electricity would account for around 30% of end-use energy consumption in 2025.
2022h1, with a focus on the completion of the investment of 406.3 billion yuan in electricity in enterprises, an increase of 14 per cent over the same period, of which 2,158,19.5 billion yuan were spent on power sources, and 84.7 per cent were invested in non-fossil energy sources, taking into account the uneven distribution of the country’s wind and power sources. Investment in electricity infrastructure, such as superpressure, pumping water, etc., was therefore essential. New energy sources were created to generate electricity.
The company supports the implementation of super-high-pressure projects, such as the switch valves. From 2021 to the present, the company has provided such products as the switch valves, the stabilizer system, and so forth, for example, for the high-pressure projects of Yasaka-Gangxi, Nanchang-Phansha, Xiangbei-Lubei, White Crane Beach and Jiangsu.
The controllable recovery efficiency device developed by Ripley Engineering/Puritech was used for the first time in the White Crane Beach-Gangsu project, marking the birth of another technology in the area of super-high pressure. The construction of pumping capacity will leapfrog significantly, and companies have well-developed crew control protection and networking solutions in this area.
According to the Medium- and Long-term Development Plan for Pumping Energy (2021-2035), by 2025 the total capacity for pumping capacity will be 62 gw or more, with a 70% increase in the ring over the capacity installed in 2021. In 2022, it is expected to be 9 gw, with a total capacity of 45 gw. At present, the company has autonomously developed the primary integrated monitoring system for pumping water storage power plants, the speed-shifting system, etc.
Magnetic systems, engineering safety monitoring, water intelligence systems, etc., have been successfully developed, and new new technologies such as a centralized control system for new energy generation complexes have been developed for the mega-power systems of the world's largest single-machine capacity of millions of kilowatts and protection control products.
The advantage of a flexible direct transmission is clear, with the igbt switch valve being the core equipment. Soft direct transmission is a new type of high-voltage direct transmission technology developed after the exchange of electricity, conventional direct transmission. Soft direct flow has the advantage of being uniquely active and uncontrollable, non-compensated, responsive, low-lying, etc.
According to the Global Energy Internet Development Cooperation, igbt accounts for about 14% of the cost of high-voltage, direct transmission technology switch stations. To boost the development of emerging industries, companies have made a major breakthrough in their operations.