Mid-2022: Performance meets expectations, and the growth rate of a robust research assistant, Xie Cheol-dong, is largely in line with market expectations.
Profit rate cycle fluctuations, 2022h1 as a whole. Business within the network has returned to steady growth with lower income structure and lower cost rates, with higher rates of out-of-grid growth.
Intragrid operations received $1,096 million, or +8 per cent of the year, and 67 per cent of the year's income, while electricity grid automation, digitalization and deep involvement of leading enterprises remained unchanged.
The size of the typographical, information-based investment will reach $20-30 billion a year, and the company's host country network, Energy, and the first quarter of 2022 will be evaluated: the speed at which the high-pressure construction starts is accelerating and orders are expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year.
High-pressure lines are difficult to meet the installed capacity and network requirements of the second major base, and it is therefore expected that “XIV National Electric Swe (600406): release of equity five” route planning and related investments will increase.
Incentive drafts, multiple tests to boost bone cores, delivery, expected revenue recognition in the second half of the year; and on August 2nd, the National Power Networking Corporation's major project development conference proposed that work be started on four-to-four super-high-pressure projects during the year.
Companies’ orders are expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain a net return profit for 2022-2024, respectively, in line with market expectations in terms of the first half of the year’s growth rate.
The overall profit margin of 2022h1 has remained robust, income structure changes + cost decreases, q2 relative to the profitability of q1 The growth of the network-led new power systems has returned to steady growth, and the growth of the network is faster and the trend is expected to continue. Public billion yuan (67% of the total), compared to +8%.) The electricity grid has generated 53.15 billion yuan (33% of the total), compared to the same amount.
+15.92%; affected by the epidemic and the international situation abroad, 2022h1 received 286 million yuan, compared to 28%, and continued to grow steadily, focusing on priority markets and solutions, and increasing marketization incentives. The out-of-grid growth is expected to continue in the future. In January-July 2022, the network completed 19% of its investments, and in the first half of the year it signed a new bond of 23,888 million yuan.
Of this amount, 236.4 billion yuan was invested in January-July 2022, compared to 19% in January 2022, and new electricity systems are expected to provide structural opportunities in the context of major projects under the National Network, which are expected to benefit from hyperpressure, network intelligence, digitization, etc. The total investment in the National Network during the 14th Five-Year Period is expected to increase steadily, but the new energy sources are large.
In the context of issues such as proportional access, changes in load structure, massive penetration of electrical and electronic equipment, we believe that the focus of the investment in the grid will be on the construction of grid racks (e.g. ultra-high-voltage straight currents), network intelligence (responsible for distributional power sources and new loads), digitization (moving systems, interconnection systems), water pumping, etc.
The cost of R & D in 2022h1 is 5.92%, compared to +0.05pt, which is the speedier pace of the company's layout and industrial support, with increased R & D input around new power systems, large-scale transfer of new energy sources, national integrated electricity markets, etc.
Figure 8: Structural investment direction of the grid Network Automation & Industrial Control: Multi-Specific Areas Matching Structural Opportunities for “New Power Systems” Construction, Growth Dynamics Continues to maintain robust growth and multiple sub-synchronous business climates rise in the “double carbon” context: 1) Core secondary equipment continues to expand
(c) New-generation power trading platforms were completed and launched in the second batch of six pilot projects in the electricity spot market; (d) new-generation smart meters started in 2022, ir46 smart objects
Combine penetration has accelerated, industry volumes have risen, and the high tide has been maintained for 2-3 years; 3) the network is facing new energy access problems, and the re-engineering has accelerated and the climate has increased. The company, with the exception of the main substation, has one or two integration devices, smart integration terminals, and so on, all intelligent devices. There is a steady growth in industrial control operations, and we expect a grid automation in 2022-24.
Connectivity: The pace of electricity informatization is still moving fast, and it is still dominated by the leading power grid company. 2022h1 yields 2,768 million yuan, +1.6 per cent, +2.5 per cent, and +2.1 pct. According to the national grid, about 24.7 billion yuan in digitized investments were made in 2020, and we expect the 14th Five-Year Digitalization and information investment to continue on its previous scale.
To reach an average of $20-30 billion a year. Swe continues to assume the central support role of the National Network's “Energy Internet” strategy, accelerating the development of platform products such as grid hubs, real-time measurement centres, a new generation of smart equipment asset management systems (pms 3.0), a new generation of emergency command systems, and cloud management.
Following the maintenance of flexibility: operating relatively robustly, the "145" super-high-pressure build-up was accelerated in 2022, the pace of work accelerated by the same ratio to 3.88 ptt. Soft-line transmissions grew steadily, and changes in product structure led to a decline in the Māori rate. 1) With regard to ultra-high-pressure, during the "145" period the national network planned a "24 to 14 straight" line around the new energy base project.
In our view, the plan contains a complete “nine straight three-way” of ultra-high-pressure line projects, most of which are relatively small projects such as re-engineering or re-engineering of current stations. The route and planning lines currently serve essentially the transfer needs of the first major base, but they do not fit into the second phase of the project.
We expect to see an increase in line planning (a four-to-one turn-up) and related investments during the “14th Five-Year” period. The super-high pressure will run from the bidding to the construction cycle of about 1.5-2 years, with the White Crane Beach-Gangsu line completed at the end of June 2022, with revenue expected to be recognized in the second half of the year: on 2 August, the National Power Network Building Advancement Conference proposed that it be reopened during the year.
The construction of four-way super-pressure works, the start of which is expected to grow at a faster pace than expected, and the firm's orders are expected to grow rapidly in the second half of the year. (ii) the judgement of the traditional succession to maintain relative stability of scale; (iii) the steady expansion of the strategic industry's igbt, with 4500vigbt devices operating through reliability and in-plant testing, has continued to make breakthroughs in the area of high-pressure igbt devices, which we expect to achieve in 2025.
The structure of the Ministry has been adjusted: Magnetic, Fire and Power operations have expanded, income levels have increased and Māori has declined. 2) Integration & other 2022h1 has achieved R$806 million, compared to +5.8 per cent, Māori 50.7 per cent, compared to +6.12 pct. Following this, we judge that as new energy access requirements are tightened, it is expected that the allocation of related secondary equipment will be increased, and that corporate product solutions will be developed.
Full (new energy & storage access control and protection, integrated power station monitoring, maritime smart lift stations, etc.), excellent on the side of the grid, 20.20 billion yuan, resulting in a decrease in the cost rate of 1.07 percentage points to 12.37 per cent over the period.
Net capital flows in the amount of $574 million, an increase of 135.80 per cent over the same period.