Increased R & D costs, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
Summary of the performance of the company: q1 achieved operating income of $6.73 billion in 2019, representing an increase of 17.67 per cent in the same year; net profit on maternity was $713 million, representing an increase of 0.92 per cent in the same year; net profit on non-mortality was 530 million, resulting in a continuous increase in R & D inputs, an increase in the official harvest period for individual products, and an increase in the Performance Branch during the reporting period.
The Department’s R & D costs are $393 million, an increase of 41.85%, or 5.84% of operating income. The rise in R & D costs is mainly due to increased investment in bio-innovation medicines and bio-like medicines, small molecular innovation medicine development, consistent evaluation, and increased research and development investment in innovation incubator platforms during the reporting period.
The Division's biologically similar drug development plate is entering the product harvest period, with remarkable results: bio-like drug platform research and development products; companies have built a very deep and wide-scale single-resistant research and development pipeline; the country's first recyclable antibiotic drug, “Hanlikon”, was announced on 27 April; and Adami Molya was resistant to national drug seizures during the reporting period.
The Nmpa new drug listing application, with a cumulative R & D fee of $200 million, is in the forefront of the country’s clinical iii phase. The company’s growth is expected to resume with Han Likang’s release and Adam, and with the arrival of Adam, and the fallstone bill.
• Innovative drug research and development pipelines have continued to be enriched, as has the successful evaluation of drug consistency, and core competitiveness has been further enhanced. Companies have continued to enrich their research and development pipelines during the reporting period, with the authorization of reneuronlimited for exclusive clinical development, production and commercialization in mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao Special Administrative Regions, and Taiwan.
Cellular ctx (repair of post-cerebral disability) and human retinal ancestral cellular hrpc products (retinal chromosomal variability). Car-t product bending hyperdrive: R & D investment has continued to increase since K.A.F.K. 876 received clinical clearance in September 2018. Critical clinical trials are expected to be completed in 2019 and expected to become 2020.
China’s first-listed car-t product. The company insists on conducting an evaluation of the consistency of generic medicines. In the reporting period, the Jiang Souwan Grammy and Shenyang’s red-flavored salami were evaluated for consistency, and 12 products are now evaluated for consistency, laying the foundation for the company’s future sales.
1. Resembling Medicines (600196): Unperforming, creating new hope (2019-03-26) 2. Resembling Medicines (600196): China ' s first biological analogue
Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.