Wang Wei-chul (600196.sh/2196.hk)
The company's subsidiary, the O-Hung Pharmacy, intends to invest up to $590 million in about 75.9 per cent of Liste's brand share in the new country by participating in a public bid, and to transfer $157 million to Liste by way of an agreement by seven natural persons, such as the Tullist Group and Mr. Huang Shao Yin.
Some 21.91% of the shares in pharmaceuticals. When the deal is completed, the Orhong pharmaceutical industry is expected to hold the intellectual property rights and other related rights of Listhe Pharmaceuticals, the sum of 10,000 dollars invited by Holgos to study the products "et-26" and "pyrazine hydrochloric acid spraying".
Acquisition of a rich narcotic product line: The primary product of Leicester's pharmaceutical product is the e-ether hydrochloride injection fluid (Long Tonin), which is used mainly for pre-operative anaesthesia. The product is a new type 1 chemical drug, which is included in the National Directory of Health Care (2017) and the National Catalogue of Essential Medicines (2018).
And the Chinese List of Lists of Medicines, which is the exclusive species of Liste Pharmaceuticals, the products “et-26” and “zoocene hydrochloric acid spray” achieved in 2018 are also mainly used for pre-surgical anesthesia, and the integration of three products will enrich the company's product lines in the area of surgical operations.
Purchases are relatively reasonable, and the Respirator sales platform is expected to help accelerate the growth of products: according to the company ' s public product portfolio, Leist's pharmaceutical product received 240 million yuan in 2018, recording a net interest rate of 42 million dollars.
The company’s acquisition of pe is about 18 times more reasonable than its net profits in 2018. It is expected that, with the help of the company’s sales platform, Lester’s main product will grow faster.
Innovative medicines are about to reach the harvest: the company Lito's previous antibiotic-like Hanlicon is on the market, and the Adar Wood and Curtollbill applications have been processed, and it can be expected that the company will gradually enter the market.
In addition, by the end of 2018, the company was working on 15 new, bio-innovation and 17 bio-like drugs for small molecules, many products were already in clinical stages, and the product ladder was already rich and would ensure long-term growth.
The impact of rising spending, among other things, has been regressive, but the company, as China’s best integrated pharmaceutical platform, has a strong resource edge, with heavy weight biopharmaceutical research and development steadily advancing, re-accreditation of research and development power, looking for good company development in the long run, and maintaining a/h share of the company’s “buy-in” advice.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.