The company achieved a net profit of 1.9 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 17 years, an increase of 2,006% and a gain of 0.64 dollars per share.
In the third quarter of the year, the net profit of the parent company was 759 million yuan, or 19.8 per cent ring growth, or 0.25 yuan per share. The operating income ring grew by 21 per cent to 6.8 billion yuan, and the Maori rate rose by 2 percentage points to 35 per cent, making a good performance.
We believe that this is mainly related to the increase in the price of the medium, which rose 13% and 11% to 613 and 884 yuan, respectively, in the three quarters of Shanxi, where the price of the powered coal and the blow-up of the board was increased. The profit margin and the net profit margin were not maintained at the levels of 15% and 11%. The third quarter performed better than the industry average, and the record of good performance was maintained.
The performance of publicly announced companies has not risen significantly, and the majority of the 14 companies that have been announced have experienced a decline in the ring, with their overall performance below expectations. This is reflected in a decline in the income ring, as well as a beginning to increase in the cost margin and a slippage in the profit margin. The 20% growth in the performance of Environ is the best in the published performance, and the record of good performance has been maintained since this year (21% growth in the ring in the two quarters).
Coal-blowing plates cost $720 and $1,052, respectively, an increase of 18% and 19% in the ring. Despite the expected strong fall in coal prices after the 19th century, we believe that the fall will not be too large, and that the four-quarters coal ring is expected to rise, with performance continuing to rise as long as the cost is not too high.
On October 13, the company announced that its parent company would increase cumulatively at a low value of 30% less than the industry average, and that it would be a better indicator of a rebound in coal.
Industry supply easing, falling coal prices, and less-than-expected reforms.
In the first three quarters of the year, net profits increased by between 2006 and 1.9 billion yuan, and in the first three quarters of the year, beautifully performed companies achieved a net profit of 1.9 billion yuan for their parent companies, an increase of 2,006 per cent and a gain of 0.64 yuan per share. Operating income increased between 112 and 17 billion yuan, with a cost increase of between 90 and 10 billion yuan.
Gross profits grew by between $168 and $6 billion. Sales costs, management costs and financial costs rose from $4.4 billion to $2.4 billion, gross profits increased from 27 to 2.4 billion, and the Māori rate increased from 2 percentage points to 35 per cent.
The operating and net profitability rates are maintained at 15% and 11%, respectively. The cost increases range from 3% to 13% over the period, the main dollar.
It is an amendment to a significantly lower cost during the two-quarter period (only 10 per cent, a significant decrease of 7 percentage points over the first quarter). Overall, the 13 per cent rate remains the lowest since the company was listed, followed by better performance than industry averages in the third quarter, with a continued track record of good performance.
Despite the increase in the price of coal ring in the third quarter, the declared performance of listed companies has not risen significantly, with the majority of the 14 companies that have been announced having fallen below their expected overall performance.
The record has been maintained (two-quarter ring growth of 21 per cent) and four-quarter performance is still expected to increase around the world, and the cost of coal power and board blow-up are currently $720 and $1,052, respectively, in the Changji region where the company is located.
The ring is 18% and 19% higher than the average price in the third quarter. Despite the expected decline in coal prices after the 19th century, we believe that the ring is flexible, undervalued, and that the growth of the internal extension is coupled with an increase in the price of coal.
The company is a high-quality, high-quality metallurgical coal company, with coal blowing rising to 33% of production in the first half of the year, and is the largest producer of metallurgical coal. According to the company, the advanced capacity is 34.8 million tons, or about 90% of the total.
One of the carbon syndicates, the top 100 in Shanxi, is ranked third, with 74.33 million tons of coal produced in 16 years, which is about one-fold of the company’s output. The group’s subsequent coal reserves are abundant, along with high-end coal-chemical assets, such as kerosene.
Injection and overall listing of high-quality assets is a relatively clear attitude. On October 13, the company announced that the parent was well, that the September/October increase in coal prices had not been reflected in the stock price, and that, with the pressure on the supply to liberalize coal prices after the nineteenth grade, the coal stock risk would gradually be released and could be reversed.
It's only 10.5 times and 10 times the city's surplus, it's low value, and we think it's a better coal backlash.
Xianyan Eurasia.