Silicon Industries (688126.sh): Second quarter, 26 September 2025, ring growth, 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
In the silicon industry, income grew in the second quarter, and profits remained high. In the first half of the year, the global semiconductor market, including the semiconductor silicon market, improved as a whole, but recovered at a slower rate than expected.
The main business of the Shanghai Silicon Industries Group Ltd. was the development, production and production of semiconductor silicon and other materials, which generated an operating income of $1.697 billion, an increase of 8.16 per cent over the same period, with an increase in sales of semiconductor silicon.
Sales. The company’s main product is 300 mm polish and 10.04%. Of this amount, 896 million won in the first quarter of the second quarter, the ring grew by 11.75% compared to the first quarter, and the same amount as the extras, 200 mm and below and the extras, soi
As the recovery of the silicon market lags behind the downstream links of industrial chains such as the end market and chip manufacturing, demand for 300 mm silicon has continued to grow in volume terms, especially with a marked increase in storage collars; 200 mm silicon chips have hit the bottom.
For the next three to six months, major events suggest: but the recovery is slow. In terms of prices, the price of silicon products is still under considerable pressure globally, plus depreciation amortization costs associated with the company's continued expansion, persistently high levels of R & D inputs and other fixed levels.
The impact of this increase is still in a state of loss in the short term. Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: 300 mm combined silicone capacity reduction months with high quality 300 mmsoi
In the first half of the year, the company ' s combined capacity of 300 mm of silicon in Shanghai and Taiwon was 750,000 tablets per month, the size of which is in the country ' s first echelons, and the published capacity plan will reach 1.2 million cards per month. In terms of overseas market expansion, the company has established a partnership with a larger number of overseas clients, and will be using overseas affiliates as a channel in the future.
In the first half of the year, the company developed more than 50 new products for technology development and new products, 300 mm silicon. By the end of June 2025, the company’s 300 mm silicon business had more than 100 cumulative clients, and the products were widely used for logical chips, storage, cis, etc.
The total equity/circulation share (millions of shares) The product is highly recognized by the client concerned with high purity, low defects, good surface quality and performance parameters, as well as stable supply.
Enterprises with technologically autonomous intellectual property rights and technological capabilities for silicon liners and 300 mmsoi products, the company 300mmsoi business has made a phased breakthrough over the past six months and has begun to send samples to multiple clients. In particular, the 300mmsoi silicon for high-pressure, high-reliability, high-caliber applications have officially started streaming, and now
The 300 mmsoi product meets the stringent requirements for liner material in all categories of applications and has established cooperative relationships with leading design and manufacturing firms in various industries with the ability to provide high-quality 300mmsoi silicon tablets.
The average price of 200 mm semiconductor silicon silicon silicon, which has recovered slightly due to changes in product structure, has been actively explored by the company’s subsidiaries in their respective fields. The current market for silicon silicon up to 200 mm is not fully recovered, and the company’s 200mm silicon silicon business is still weak, but the average sales of 200 mm semiconductor silicon silicon are still weak.
The company’s subsidiaries are actively exploring the following areas: Finland’s kmetic continues to promote the application of its products in the fields of mems, sensors, radio-frequency filters and power devices:
High performance applications of eye products to achieve wider penetration in the application market for products such as igbt/frd. s1480522060001 compete for increased risk; (3) technology iterative risk.
East Hing Securities reported that the silicon industry (688126.sh): the second quarter of the year saw a similar increase in revenue, with a small increase in the average price of 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
The source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East, the silicon industry (688126.sh): second-quarter income and ring growth, with a small increase in the average price of 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Silicon industry (688126.sh): second-quarter income and ring growth, with a small increase in the average sale price of 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets (s14805260001).
Li Koen is a researcher. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.