The silicon industry: 25h1 profit holding, concerned about 300mm expansion and product progress: the silicon industry published its semi-annual report for 2025. The company achieved a revenue of 90.0 billion yuan, an increase of 6.1 per cent and a growth of 11.8 per cent in the ring; and a return to the motherland.
The company ' s 25h1 profit-end continued pressure, mainly due to: 1) the semiconductor silicon industry as a whole still faces price pressures and increased competition; 2) the company ' s multiple production bases continue to expand and fixed costs increase as capacity is released: 3) the company sustains high R & D inputs; 4) the company ' s output increases
The price of 300 mm semiconductor silicon production continues to rise, benefiting from market demand driven by the ai, data centres, and the 300 mm semiconductor silicon market continues to recover.
During the reporting period, the company developed more than 50 new products of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets, accumulated more than 820 product specifications and accumulated more than 100 customers.
The combined capacity of the 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets has reached 750,000 pieces per month. 300msoi has made a breakthrough. The company's 300mm high-end silicone material development pilot project has made significant progress.
About 80,000 msoi test lines per year, which are expected to continue to rise to 160,000 silicon in 2025. During the reporting period, 300 msoi silicon tablets for high-pressure, high-reliability and arithmetic applications have officially started streaming and have been certified by customers and in-house special processes; silicon light should be directed
The 300mmsoi silicon tablets have also been developed and sampled for customers. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, expansion processes are not as high as expected, new operations are not as high as expected.
2.300 mm silicon silicon drop-out point with a low level of recovery, capital management, and the Investment Department of the Bolt Foundation, among others, with eight years of buyer experience. Contact person: Xiao Chun Xu, Assistant Research Assistant in the Huaan Securities and Electronics Industry. B.A., Finance, Southwest University of Finance, Master of Accounting, Hong Kong University of Technology, 2025 plus.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.