Wally Group (300979.sz)
Ding Si-jie, with the prospect that the increased contribution of the new plant's climb will accelerate the growth of corporate performance on a seasonal basis, and that the current corporate valuation has fallen to a relatively low level in almost a year, and I, with the company's client structure and quality orders full, will again achieve a better performance than my peers in 2024.
The company’s main clients include the internationally recognized sports and leisure brands nike, conversé, vans, ug, hoka, onon, newballance, puma, asics, undersarmour, lululemon, among others. The company’s high-quality customer resources and good customer structure are the backbone of a firm’s robust business.
In terms of capacity expansion, three new plants in Viet Nam started operating in 2024, while, in response to international trade risks such as geopolitical risks, the company actively expanded its capacity outside Viet Nam, new construction in Indonesia began in the first half of 2024, and the company's new plant in China and another site in Indonesia's production base in 2025.
Companies have achieved significant increases in their share in the post-epidemiological era, long and excellent levels of profitability, and continue to be competitive. Companies have the advantage of cost, period management, and self-production of future high-end footwear, making them the next single preferred option for brands to optimize supply chains in a volatile environment.
In four quarters alone, income increased by 11.9 per cent to $6.49 billion on a year-on-year basis, net profit earned by mothers increased by 9.2 per cent to $1.00 billion on a year-on-year basis, income growth in comparison with the previous three quarters was largely influenced by the high base of the fourth quarter of 2023, while capacity utilization for 202.04 rose to a relatively full level, while the new plant figure for 202.04: quarterly corporate income and change
Figure 3: Net annual return profits and changes for companies Figure 4: Quarterly return net return profits and changes for companies, but demand for real companies’ orders increased at a much higher rate because of the company ' s capacity constraints. Moreover, a slight increase in unit prices compared to 2024.
Given the high prices of customers who have focused on growth each year in times of firm capacity constraints, changes in structural orders favour an increase in average prices, and hence the expected increase in revenue growth is expected to accelerate. In the current climate of greater uncertainty at the global macro level, firms are in a situation of overflows of orders, such as future individual brand orders.
During the period, companies still have sufficient room to regulate and thus have a stronger capacity to deliver performance, which is scarce in the current environment. Based on the company’s rate of implementation of three new plants per year, it is expected that this year’s revenue growth in the medium- and double-digit range will be more certain.
The company now has about $5 billion in cash and $3 billion in finance, and the net operating cash flow of the company is expected to be over $4 billion per year as performance increases, while capital expenditure during the peak period of production is also under $2 billion per year, and the company has significantly higher net interest rates than its peers and figure 8: net operating cash flow and capital expenditure of the company
Investment proposals: A near-performance period with an excellent, low-valued, high-priority layout, and two new plants, with a high profit base for the same period last year, which had an early negative impact on profitability levels; and, secondly, a recent decline in shares expected to be affected by pessimistic expectations for joint and downstream branding companies. Given the small negative impact on profitability expected from the short term,
Instead of demanding better resistance to demand uncertainty, growth can be achieved at a rate that expands productivity and climbs up the slopes. It is expected that from the next quarter, the new factory climbs up the slopes, which are expected to accelerate the growth of corporate performance on a seasonal basis, and the current corporate valuation, which has fallen to a relatively low level in almost a year, will be able to keep pace with the expected expansion, weak downstream brand sales, and international political and economic risks.
Wally Group (300979.sz) - Client order reserves are sufficient, capacity expansion and upgrading enhance competitiveness. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence, through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.