Other specialized machinery/special equipment/mechanical equipment 300316.sz How to understand crystals generation power - a re-examination of the company's cyclical nature
Many of the company’s main founders have master’s degree, doctoral background, or teaching experience at Zhejiang University.
Teams and management teams set out the main lines for the development of companies with technology as their core competitiveness. At the technical level, on the one hand, crystals and power are constantly upgrading the technology of crystal silicon growing equipment, adapting to industry development needs, introducing new products, increasing competition in the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries, and on the other.
On the other hand, with the understanding of the crystal growth technology, crystal-growing equipment for sapphire, carbonated silicon, etc., is a forward-looking technological reserve. For new materials, crystal-growing technology, the concept of crystal-spill power is “researching, producing, storing, storing, etc.”
The Division conducted research on sapphire and carbonated silicon crystal growth techniques in 2012 and 2018, respectively, to judge industry trends in a forward-looking manner and to invest in reverse investments. Since its inception, the company has undertaken two equity financings (the third round is in progress and has not yet been completed), with ipo in 2012.
In 2012, when the industry was at the bottom of the cycle, there was a large decline in corporate operating income, the crystals power expanded its capacity through ipo financing and guaranteed a steady cash flow.
Set. 2016 is the cyclical low point in the sapphire industry, where the main sapphire enterprise in the country's research assistant, Liu Yan, has dropped interest rates to the cyclical bottom in 2016, and where the sapphire production of the crystal-spill electricity investment allows it to grow.
The share of the field rose rapidly after the cycle. Excellent supply chain management capacity and the status of the industry chain. The turnover of accounts payable decreased from 4.06 to 2.03 in 2016-2020, corresponding to the number of days of accounts payable from 4.06 to 2.03 in 2016.
Il, which has a strong upstream position. From the cash flow point of view, the cash flow from the cash stream is increasing as a percentage of operating income, suggesting that the company's revenue is of a higher quality than the Chinese Great Wall Assets Building, building No. 1 of the 2nd House.
Overall, the level of corporate indebtedness is low, with accounts payable and advance payments being the most significant part of corporate debt in 2020. A strong industrial chain position, on the one hand, ensures stability in the supply chain and, on the other, significantly reduces the risk of bad debt.
We expect 166gw, 199.6gw, 154.55gw in 2021-2023 to be “extension + equipment upgrading” in the photovoltaic silicone sector.
The uncompleted order for electricity amounts to $17.76 billion and, taking into account its delivery and collection confirmation cycles, semiconductor equipment is another growth pole in crystals. According to our statistics, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon are incomplete and 2.23 million pieces are unworked, respectively.
On this basis, the future market space for the semiconductor silicon crystal link will reach $4,501 million, and the future market space for the equipment chain where the polishing and exterior process crystals power are located will be 3,558 million yuan. On October 26, 2021, the company issued a public announcement to prepare the collection of additional funds.
Funds invested in the 12-inch integrated circuit large silicon device testing pilot line project and the 80 annual production semiconductor material polishing and thinning equipment manufacturing project, which was built to help crystals power to develop technological and efficiency advantages in the 12-inch silicon sector and consolidate them in the field of silicon.
Silicone material: Standing at the beginning of a new cycle. Historically, the sapphire industry is highly relevant to the cycle fluctuations of the led chip.
This will lead to an increase in the atmosphere of the current wheelled chip. We predict the 2021-2025 sapphire liners of 10,000 mm, 171 million mm, and 188.75 million mm (converted to 2 inches below). Sapphire's super-preliminary layout supports the wind.
Non-publicly issued equity fund-raising for investment in the production of 25 million mm of sapphire bar per year (hereinafter referred to as the "Innermont Project") and in the production of 25 million mm of sapphire per year, the millennia of sapphire grinding and throwing project. In addition, a joint venture was established in 2020 between the company and Lancet Technologies.
The company built 3,500 tons of sapphire capacity per year (hereinafter referred to as the Ningxia project), one phase of which became operational in December 2021, and is expected to be fully operational in Ningxia in 2023, when the company's sapphire capacity is expected to reach 4,800 tons per year, creating an enabling position.
New energy cars, 5g communications, are driving the rapid growth of the carbonated silicon market. Casa predicts that the global demand for new energy cars for carbonated silicon liners (converted to 6 inches) will reach 624,000 tablets in 2025, and domestic demand (converted to 6 inches) will reach 286,000 tablets.
Yole predicts that by 2025 the global demand for semi-insulated carbon silicon liners will reach 4,384 million. The global, domestic, power-driven carbonated silicon lined market is expected to be 4,056 million yuan and 1,859 million yuan, respectively, for the global semi-insulated silicon chip market.
It's going to reach 3,288 million. It should be 44, 31 and 25 times. The current average market surplus (ttm, overall, minus negative) for other specialized mechanical industries is 46.80 times.
The equipment industry is the lead company, and the company will benefit fully from this wheel of silicone expansion. In semiconductor silicone equipment, the company completes the crystals, slices, polishes, and extensions. The core processing equipment is fully covered, and the 12-inch equipment has been validated and partially implemented on the client side.
The sapphire business will benefit from Mini/microled bringing up the led chip climate, which is expected to grow rapidly in the future. The silicon carbonated business has completed its technological reserve and has formed a purchasing interest with customers. According to the company's current business layout, the company will be run by light for the next five years.
In summary, we believe that the company's valuation still has some room for upswing, so that the first coverage gives it the “buying of photovolatile silicone is not as high as expected; the semiconductor silicon is not as strong as expected”.
Period risk: Mini/microled industrialization is not as fast as expected: how can carbon silicon build 1 recognize the crystal-spill power cycle is an issue that no supplier of mechanical equipment can avoid. Reviewing business performance since 2013, crystals
The rate of electricity growth has been at more than 20% for seven years. This performance has been achieved by only 6 of the 474 companies listed in the mechanical and equipment industry. So in this report, we would like to answer two questions: first, how has the crystal-spill power been able to move through the cycle of fluctuations and grow steadily?
The role played by the latter is all the more important, because the firm’s own subjective dynamism is the key to the cyclical confrontation. Our evaluation of crystals and power can be summarized in three ways: first, by focusing on its core technological competitiveness, and by constantly expanding the circle of capabilities through R & D inputs: second, by making forward judgements about industry development, and by being willing to invest in counter-cyclical investments: three, excellent.
1.1 Focusing on core technological competitiveness, expanding the circle of capabilities is a high-growth track for the luminous and semiconductor industries in which companies are currently operating.
Industry development and competition patterns have a significant impact. Thus, core technological competitiveness and sustainability of technological innovation are important components of the corporate research process and one of the key elements in answering these two questions.
The company's core technological competitiveness stems from the accumulation and deep cultivation of crystal growth technologies. The company started with technology, and was the first to emerge from a major technology specializing in “Research and development of the key technologies of single-silicon growing furnaces for all-automatic large-scale integrated circuits” in Zhejiang province in 2006. Prof. Qiu Min-su, former president of the company, as lead of the project, organized the gold turbines, the Xiengisu, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou Electric.
Subtechnology University took on the research and development work of the project. In December 2006, crystals and power were established and involved in the project, through which crystals and power completed the core technological reserve for monosilicon growth. The company launched its first single crystal silicon grower product in April 2007, while the ivory fluids developed a single crystals and silicon grower full automatic control system.
The company’s main founders, many with a master’s degree, a doctoral background, or a teaching experience at Zhejiang University. The technological team of founders and management teams laid down the company’s main line of development with technology as its core competitiveness.
1.1.2 Based on crystal growth technology, the company has focused its operations and developed diversified production. Since 2008, the main business has been crystal silicon growing equipment, without any major changes.
Note: Distinguishing single-crystal furnaces, multi-crystal silicon casting furnaces and control systems by 2015 and merging them into crystal silicon growing devices after 2015 are business-focused as a full lead in business performance.
At the technical level, on the one hand, crystals and power are constantly upgrading the technology of crystal silicon growing equipment, adapting to industry development needs, introducing new products and increasing competitiveness in the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries, and, on the other hand, crystals and electricity, based on an understanding of crystal growth technology.
A forward-looking technological reserve of crystal growth equipment for sapphire, silicon carbide, etc. For new material crystal growth technologies, the idea is to “develop a generation, produce a generation, store a generation”, and companies developed technologies for the growth of blue bob and carbon silicon crystals in 2012 and 2018, respectively. The sapphire business started generating revenue in 2015 and the carbon silicon business is not yet commercial.
Companies have maintained a high level of investment in R & D. With the rapid growth in their operating income, R & D inputs have been synchronized, accounting for 5.96% of the company ' s operating income.
1.2 Forward-looking judgement of industry trends, aggressive investment, and cyclical fluctuations in supply and demand in the sector are important factors affecting the pattern of competition in the industry. From a micro-level perspective, such volatility is an important opportunity for firms to optimize their own cost levels and increase market penetration.
Since its inception, the company has undertaken two equity financing exercises (the third round is in progress, but not yet completed), with ipo in 2012 and closed shares in 2016, with funds raised for the expansion of single-crystal and sapphire capacity, respectively. 2012 was a cyclical low point in the global photovoltaic industry, with Italy’s fourth energy bill in 2011.
Each year the subsidy ceiling was adjusted and capped, and the 2012 German eeg-2012 Act perfected the fixed price reduction mechanism, while Europe and the United States imposed anti-dumping and countervailing duties on photovoltaic products from China. These policies have had a significant impact on the global volume of photovoltaics and on China’s photovoltaic enterprises, with a 6.16% reduction in the global volume of new photovoltaics in 2012.
In 2012, when the industry was at the bottom of the cycle and corporate revenues fell significantly, crystals were financed through ipo to expand capacity and ensure a stable cash flow. By 2012, Kyoto was the largest market share of the crystal silicon stove, passing through.
During the 2011-2015 cycle of the glimmer industry, crystal-spire power became the leader of the industry. The bottom of the cycle was a crucial period in the re-engineering of the industry, with forward judgement of the industry and the courage to invest in counter-cyclical investments being the key to corporate innovation, and in 2016 investment in sapphire production strengthened the validation of the company ' s characteristics.
In 2016, the company raised funds from a non-public distribution of stocks, mainly investing in sapphire production and processing capacity, with the sapphire crystal bar, which is carried out by a subsidiary, Crystal, which is responsible for processing, and the “Crystal bar production project, which produces 25 million ms per year”, which is expected to reach production by the end of 2022.
In 2016, the sapphire industry experienced a cyclical low. Global sapphire overcapacity declined rapidly in 2016 as a result of the mismatch between supply and demand.
At the production end, the core competitiveness of the company's crystal growth equipment is the control system in the long crystal process.
According to the statement of shares, a company’s capacity utilization rate could reach 174.63% in 2011, before the company was listed. With the company’s continued optimization of production and supply chains since it was listed, the company’s production flexibility would increase even more.
The company’s supply chain management capacity can be reflected in its accounts payable. The turnover of accounts payable decreased from 4.06 to 2.03 in 2016-2020, and the corresponding number of days of accounts payable increased from 88.73 to 177.62. This indicates a gradual increase in the company’s ability to absorb its suppliers’ funds, with a stronger upstream position.
At the end of production, the company adopts a sales settlement model of “pre-receipt-pre-receipt-receipt-receipt-insurance”. According to the company announcement, the company collects advance payments at 40% of the contract amount after the sales contract has been concluded, the company collects advance receipts at 30% of the contract amount after the shipment, the customer collects after the acceptance, at 20% of the contract amount and the guarantee is contractual.
From the point of view of cash flow, cash inflows into the company’s operations are increasing as a percentage of operating income.
Of the current liabilities, accounts payable and contributions received in advance are the most significant. A strong industrial chain position ensures stability in the supply chain while significantly reducing the risk of bad debts.
These three aspects can be summarized as the three most important factors for enterprises: technology, investment, and management. In order to answer the two questions above, we need further analysis of the industry in which the company is located.
2.1 Duplication and outlook of silicon photovolts 2.1.1 Industry review: the path to a twisting growth in the photovoltaic industry The photovoltage sector is affected by a combination of policy, supply and demand, technology trio cycles, and the cyclical resonance and offset is an impact on enterprise development
The point of departure for the global commercialization of the photovoltaic industry dates back to 1997 when Germany introduced the “100,000 solar roof” scheme in 1997, where solar power was purchased at high prices through government subsidies, the “million roof plan” was established in the United States in the same year.1 Looking back at the development of the photovoltaic industry from the point of view of the additional load (demand), the industry could be divided into several time periods according to figure 16 (table 6).
1 The China Photovoltaic Industry Development and Investment Finance Institute of the Central University of Finance and Finance, notes that the target time period is mainly influenced by policy factors. Policies influence demand in aggregates, while supply and technology cycles mainly influence industry patterns (i.e. structure).
When put on the market, it experienced two rounds of industry downswing cycles, from 2011-2013 to 2017-2019, with a rapid increase in electricity performance from the bottom of the valley in 2013-2017, and a marked decline in the growth rate of corporate revenue in 2018-2019, but it remained at more than 20%. From an industry’s perspective, the negative impact of the technology cycle on the demand cycle has been largely felt.
The market share of single crystalline silicon cells increased from 35% to 90% between 2017 and 2020, corresponding to the replacement of a single crystal furnace for a multi-crysilica silicon cast furnace. As a result of the expansion of capacity earlier than the increase in market share, the revenue from the operation of crystals grew by 30.1% and 22.6%, respectively, in 2018 and 2019, after the New Deal 531 was introduced.
Continued technology research and development and investment in the stove is the key to its ability to emerge from the process of technological convergence in the industry. So we have completed the answer to the first question, which is that the technology intensity of the photovoltaic industry determines that the development of equipment suppliers is the key to its ability to flourish in the midst of the industry.
At this point in time, the future growth of crystals is of greater concern to us. Because of the first-order conductivity of equipment manufacturers, the strength and sustainability of silicon silicon expansion is a key factor in the future growth of crystals in the photovoltaic sector.
Under the double-carbon target, global photovoltaic capacity will grow at a high rate, with cpia predicting, conservatively, 270gw by 2025, or 330gw, optimistic. Downstream demand is stimulated, silicon millers expand, and thousands of sails race.
A single-crystal silicon company (Lonki, Central Ring, Crystal, Crystal Australia, On-board Data Control, Kyoto Express, Sunshine Energy, Pauline, Meco, Ates) has a capacity of 220.15gw, expanded to 334.05gw in 2021, while several companies have announced their entry into the silicon industry.
On the other hand, the rapid expansion of silicon production capacity may also lead to excess supply in the industry, which in turn reduces the profits of silicon producers and the growth potential of the overdrafting industry. So, what level of average capacity utilization in the industry would reach the profit/loss balance might be.
An important indicator of the pace of industrial expansion is that in 2021, the unit cost of investment in silicon production capacity was approximately RMB 240 million/gw, and the unit depreciation cost of silicon was RMB 0.0228/w, based on a residual value of 5 per cent and a 10-year depreciation period, i.e., the business would lose when the unit contribution rate was less than RMB 0.0228/w.
Based on the industry ' s average unit contribution of M$0.14/w (mori for silicon, depreciation data), the minimum capacity utilization factor that the industry can tolerate is about 16 per cent. Based on the global load of cpia measurements, it is assumed that the industry ' s capacity utilization rate is maintained at 40 per cent (i.e., per unit of egg).
The Māori contribution rate is $0.07/w, and as excess silicon production capacity inevitably leads to a narrow harvest of Māori), measuring the productivity expansion rate in the silicon sector will be the two most rapid years of expansion in the silicon sector in 2021-2022.
In addition to the additional production capacity, stock-producing capacity replacement will result in some equipment needs. In mid-August 2019, 210 mm g12 silicon tablets were introduced, requiring larger single-crystal furnaces. By 2025, 182 mm and 210 mm silicon market ownership would have reached 45% and 50% respectively, and stock capacity would need to be upgraded.
According to our statistical estimates, the stock of old production capacity is about 190gw. Large silicon production capacity was under construction in 2021, and 166 mm silicon and below still held a larger market share, still needed to be produced on the old line, with a smaller percentage of output upgrades. In 2021, large silicon production capacity formed a certain scale, and the rate of upgrading of the old line is expected to accelerate, assuming that the old line could be upgraded to 80%.
Note: The size of the silicon silicon silicon output is derived from the size of production statistics for silicon producers in 2019 and 2020. The potential for growth in the volume of photovoltaic machines provides sufficient space for the expansion of the silicon silicone chain, and industry will maintain the vagaries for some time to come.
2.2 The market pattern of the crystal-singer power is the absolute leader of the single-crystal market. With the exception of Lungi and Kyoto Express, which are mainly controlled by the relevant parties, the single-crystal furnace is home-grown.
Supply capacity is a major concern for downstream producers. In the context of accelerated downstream production, stronger supply capacity and shorter delivery cycles can help clients accelerate their capacity-building and become key indicators of client performance, as mentioned above, supply chain management.
Capability and production elasticity are important reasons for the choice of crystals in a large silicon plant. By 2020, 2,879 crystals were produced, representing an increase of 101.47% over the same year in 2019. The ability to rapidly increase production levels in line with market demand was an important core competition for crystals in electricity. As at 30 September 2021, the outstanding orders for crystals were $17.76 billion, taking into account their delivery cycles and harvests.
The cycle of recognition, and next year’s expansion of silicon producers, will provide them with sufficient growth power from 2021-2023. But what we cannot avoid is that, as silicon capacity continues to expand, the slowdown in growth due to base-effects is a problem that must be faced by medium- and long-term crystallizer power to sustain growth.
Three-and-a-half-conductor equipment is produced nationally: a long way to go, and the company's silicon manufacturing chain is at the top of the chain of semiconductor industries. The semiconductor industry is in the middle of a major trend of national substitution, the industry's long-term growth is unquestionable, and the pace and pulse of industry growth is often determined by the nature of business growth.
The factor is that we can't simply replace the growth expectations of the business with the growth of the industry. The semiconductor industry will be in a catch-up phase for some time to come.
Thus, the analysis of the development of the domestic semiconductor sector, taking into account domestic conditions, begins with downstream demand, and our semiconductor silicon sector has a small market share and is growing rapidly. Global semiconductor silicon sales in 2018 amounted to $11.2 billion, compared to $992 million in mainland China for the same period, with a market share of 8.86 per cent.
Silicon sales grew faster than the international market, creating a greater space for development in our semiconductor silicon market. Figure 23: Subconductor silicon sales in mainland China 3.1 silicon demand: 12 inches in absolute terms, with new energy vehicles contributing to an 8 inch increase in demand
Inches), 100 mm (4 in), 75 mm (3 in), 50 mm (2 in). The larger the size of the silicon, the larger the number of chips made on a single silicon, the smaller the loss of the edges, the lower the unit cost of the chip, the greater the 12 inches of 300 mm diameter, the greater the market share of the silicon, the greater the market share of 300 mm and 200 mm silicon in 2018, respectively.
Figure 25: Market share of silicon silicons of different sizes, as the process increases and the light-engine depths decrease, and the very small differences in the altitude of silicon silicons lead to a physical transformation of the wiring patterns, so that silicon surface particles and cleanness during silicon processing make the chips of different sizes fit.
At present, 300 mm silicon is mainly applied to processes under 90 nm, and 200 mm silicon is applied to processes over 90 nm. Because of the early start of 200 mm production, the process is more mature, taking into account factors such as depreciation, non-advanced chips have a higher economic profile, such as auto-electronics, industrial electronics, mobile communications.
In terms of the ratio of end-use applications, the demand for car electronics, industrial electronics, and smart phones is 33%, 27%, and 19% for 8 inches of silicon, respectively, and the need for a replacement of a fuel car with a fuel car will increase. According to Japanese silicon producer sumco, the electricization of new energy vehicles, intelligence, and network connectivity will make silicon use of a single car more traditional than conventional gas.
Cars have increased significantly, with hybrid silicons using 2.2 times the size of fuel trucks and pure electric silicon using twice the size of fuel trucks. In addition, auxiliary driving systems will generate incremental demand. Sumco predicts that new energy vehicles will require more chips than fuel trucks in 2023.
With a strong growth rate of 35.45 million vehicles sold during the national new energy year, the rate of penetration was 13.49 per cent, compared to 5.40 per cent during the same period in 2020. Although the market share of 8 inches of silicon was relatively small, the 12-inch end-use of silicon was still in absolute demand, mainly smartphones, pc/pix computers and servers, with a combined 12 inches.
70% of the amount used. If by chip type, the market shares of logical chips, nad, dram, cis and others are 31%, 32%, 26%, and 11%, respectively.
And dram chip demand increases. According to Sumco, cagr = 31.6% of volume demand in the next five years, and cagr = 18.0% of volume demand in dram. National production, expressed as a product of the Yangtze River, dram, and national product logic, represented by Mid-Cryser International, will be industrialized downstream from the semiconductor silicon manufacturer.
The demand for silicon tablets has grown faster since 2021, with global demand for 8 inches of silicon per month reaching 6.1 million in the third quarter of 2021, and 12 inches of silicon per month reaching 7.54 million. According to core thinking, as of the second quarter of 2021, 12 inches of crystals were installed in the country with a capacity of 1.18 million inches per month (of which more than half a million were external assets) and 8 inches of crystals produced about 1.2 million in months.
3.2 Silicon is provided for national production: 8 inches, 12 inches in the sea, and our silicon production capacity and output is relatively small compared to domestic demand for silicon, and the capacity of large silicon production is much lower. According to core thinking, in 2020 the capacity of our 12 inches of silicon was approximately 415,000 inches per month, and 8 inches of silicon capacity.
About 2.06 million tablets per month, 12 inches of silicon are in large gaps, 8 inches of new production capacity, mostly in downstream certification, with limited real production and a large proportion of imported silicon. Domestic output is concentrated in 8 inches and 6 inches in the output structure. 12 inches of silicon production is only 8.4 per cent.
The growth in the absolute amount of silicon demand from new energy cars creates an opportunity for domestic silicon companies to catch up. A strong eight-inch silicon output advantage increases the market share, while the development and production of a 12-inch silicon active layout is a rational path for our semiconductor silicon national production replacement.
In addition to this, unlisted companies have a larger planned capacity, according to our statistics, which includes semiconductors, Central Hining Circle, Xian Jingswei, and supersilicon four companies with 8 inches of silicon production capacity of 780,000.
The production of silicon is broadly divided into four components: 1 crystalline: melt silicon, then pull out complex life through processes such as crystallization, shoulder-swidthing, shoulder-swidthing, etc.
The single crystal silicon bar is required to be pure above 9n. 2 slices: the silicon bar is grinded into an equivalent radius of a cylinder and slices it into about 1 mm thick silicon silicon and, by grinding, improves the silicon level and removes mechanical damage by carving.
3 Slicing: Silicon silicon silicon silica is used for mechanical chemical polishing, obtaining mirror surfaces, and then screening for screening Silicon silicon silicon tablets that meet surface requirements, and getting polished silica silica silts. 4 Extremation: Arsenic or hydrogen gas is used as the basis for the silicon silica silica siltation first to cool the heat off the fire and reduce the oxygen content of the silicon silicon silicon silicon surfaces.
And then, in the extenuating furnaces, heated with tetrachlorinated silicon and trichlorinated silicane to 1,200°C, causing the silicon surface to sink into a single crystalline silicon layer of 2-20 μm thick. This will reduce the condensed wire resistance and saturation and power consumption.
The amount invested in a piece of equipment is about 400 yuan per piece of capacity. 12 inches of polished energy is invested in equipment about 1,200 yuan per piece, and an extra piece of energy is invested in equipment about 1900 yuan per piece. (The above-mentioned unit investment is calculated in terms of annual capacity.) The composition of the equipment investment varies considerably due to the process applied to 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon.
The art chain divides 8-inch silicon equipment investments with 19.8 per cent, slices, polishes, extensions, 30.4 per cent, 33.9 per cent, respectively, of crystals, 6.9 per cent, single-crystal furnaces, partially low unit-priced cleaning, detection equipment, and nationalization, with an overall national production rate of only 20.53 per cent. 12 inches of silicon, with a more advanced process and a higher requirement for roughness on the surface of the silicon, are currently being polished.
Higher investment in process equipment: 8.3 per cent, 7.7 per cent, 59.7 per cent, 24.4 per cent, respectively, in crystallized, sliced, polished and extended equipment, figure 38: composition of investment in 8 inches of silicon equipment in Quemé, figure 39: composition of investment in 12 inches of silicon equipment in Quemé
3.3 Semiconductor equipment: A further growth pole of crystals power 3.3.1 covers silicon processing core equipment, and large silicon products are ready to be released. Currently, crystals are fully covered by crystals, slices, polishing and extension of four production chain core processing equipment.
Figure 40: Transistor power, the main semiconductor silicon silicon product, is a crystalline link. In 2009 and 2011, it took over the country's major technology-specific “300 mm silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon straight-out long-range equipment” and “The development of the 8-inch molten silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon furnace national production equipment”, which resulted in a dual technical routing of semiconductor-class monocrystal furnaces.
The company’s eight-inch monocrystal furnaces currently have a central ring share, a semiconductor, crystallized technology, Shanghai’s new silicon manufacturers such as Li Wei, China’s crystals technology, and the God-fearing technology. The company has created a dual security center for technology and the market.
The company’s 12-inch long-crystal furnace has already been certified and partially exported in some enterprises. Because of the long-term certification cycle in the semiconductor industry, silicon millers will not easily replace equipment, and their customers will be more sticky.
According to the silicone production planning reported above, 8 inches and 12 inches of silicone are incomplete and 12 inches of unworked items, respectively, are polished. Of the 12 inches invested in silicone, about 60% of the silicone is polished, and the 12 inches of silicone is also the 12 inch that is the core of downstream demand. The new Wassenaar Agreement of 2019 will meet the 14nm processr.
In order to have a seat in the global silicon industry, domestic silicon companies must first complete a technological breakthrough at the end of the device. The crystals powered a 12-inch two-sided polisher, the final polisher.
The equipment has now met the technical targets of the Wassenaar Agreement relating to export control equipment, has some national production replacement capability, and is currently being validated on the client side. Eight-inch silicon polisher and grinder for crystals power have been moved to the market.
The unit investment cost for the 8 inch polisher is 61.2 yuan per piece, and the unit investment cost for the outer furnace is 104 yuan per piece. The combined investment cost for the 12 inches, the edge polisher, the double-face polisher and the thinner is 406.3 yuan.
In 2017, the Grystal Power and Central Rings and the Tinless Industry Development Group invested in the formation of a company with limited lead semiconductor material. The Grystal Power holds 10% of the top middle-ring shares, and the Central Ring and its subsidiaries together hold 60% of the shares without tin hair.
In mid-2019, the semiconductor silicon business was the main implementing agency of the 8-12 inches silicon silicon silica project. On the one hand, the participation in the central silicon lead could enhance the sale of the crystallizer semiconductor silicon equipment, and, more importantly, the relationship with the central leader, could help the crystals to shorten the product validation cycle and obtain feedback from downstream firms.
On 26 October 2021, the company issued an announcement to invest in additional fund-raising: “12-inch integrated circuit silicon silicon silicon silicon for testing” (hereinafter referred to as the “test project”) and “80 semiconductor kits per year for polishing and reducing equipment production” (hereinafter referred to as the “test project”)
Production and manufacture projects (hereinafter referred to as “the Equipment Project”) The parameters and process performance of the current silicon equipment, which relies mainly on downstream silicon enterprises, extend the development and validation cycles of the equipment, and reduce the rate of product renewal and rotation.
Technology and co-efficiency are key to the company’s ability to embrace this industrial dividend, and the project’s construction has helped to create technological and efficiency advantages in the 12-inch silicon sector, and to consolidate its leading position in the domestic semiconductor silicon equipment sector. The technological parameters of the transistor power are now advanced internationally, and are being validated on the client side.
The equipment project will be able to meet the energy deficit at the end of the production of crystals and meet the equipment requirements of the next 12 inches of silicon expansion. 4 Sapphire material: standing at the start of a new cycle 4.1 Mini/microled driving a new cycle
The downstream application of the sapphire is dominated by the led liner, which accounted for 80% of the sapphire downstream demand in 2017, and the sapphire industry, which historically has a high correlation with the cyclical fluctuations of the led chip.
Because of the lack of authoritative price information in the sapphire industry, we have chosen the Māori rate of the sapphire business of the relevant listed company as a measure of the year, driven by a small distance of led, the industry went into the upper cycle, the industry went into the lower cycle in the second half of 2018, and the sapphire business Māori rebounded in 2016, falling back in 2018.
Looking back at the characteristics of the three-round industry cycle of the led chip, we find that each cycle repeats: the new application scene brings demand, the rising supply of chip capacity does not require expansion of the enterprise's capacity, increasing competition over supply is becoming larger than demand, the decline in profit margins and the rise in demand brought about by the new application scenario, and the start of the cycle must start with the growth in demand brought about by technological advances.
The current led shows that technology is developing along the path of miniledmicroled. Miniled is a chip ruler in the range of 100-300 m, a chip in the range of 0.1-1 mm, and a chip in the range of 0.1-mm, and a chip in the range of 0.001-0.1 mm.
Miniled has two applications: lcd backlights and straight lights, which are technologically easier to achieve, and is now in the commercial volume stage. Compared to the traditional side-to-side backlights, lcd, miniled straight backlights have a higher brightness and visibility, and can also achieve a thousand-degree backlight partition, thus significantly increasing the contrast of the lcd panels to achieve a better demonstration.
Impacts. Miniled is a technology transition that is currently limited to technology that is difficult to achieve below 110 inches of market, and is costly and difficult to use in the short term. The industry cycle of this round of leeds will move from minired backlight + lcd to Mini/microled to market development.
Mini/microled technologies are maturing, expanding the size of the Toc market and maintaining a longer-term up-scaling phase. tcl, Samsung, Mi, lg, Towy, Philips, etc., have now launched miniled television products, all of which are sold at around RMB 20,000, but the prices of 55 inches, 65 inches of major products have fallen.
The price range below RMB 10,000 is somewhat competitive. With the expansion of capacity, there is still much room for a decline in the price of miniled backlight products. According to Loto Technologies, global retail sales of metiled backlight television by 2025 will be figure 47: global sales of pss background (in thousands)
According to ggii, the global volume of pss lined up is projected to reach 250 million pieces by 2025. The pss lineup is graphically processed on the sapphire tablet, and the amount of the two corresponds to the process, so the pss lined demand can be considered as the sapphire tablet demand.
According to gb/t30857 - 2014 Test Method for Change in the thickness and thickness of the sapphire liners, the sapphire liners have a thickness of 480 μm ~ 15 μm, and the polish plate has a thickness of 430 μm ~ 15 μm. Because the sapphire is a high-hard material, it needs to be cut with a gold line, a gold line of 0.25 ~ 0.005 mm in diameter, taking into account that the gold line is in the cutting process.
On the basis of the above data, we predict that the demand for sapphire from the base of the sapphire in 2021-2025 is 12,622,14.76 million mm, 15,504 million mm, 171 million mm, and 188.75 million mm (converted to 2 inches below).
Note: Converted to 2 inches bottom liner, the value of the sapphire tablet is higher. By looking at the purchase price of the sapphire material at the bottom of the downstream pss liner, we find that the value of the sapphire crystal bar and the sapphire table is quite different in units because the sapphire liner is used to meet the growth needs of the ggan outer layer.
High surface quality, while the sapphire is second only to diamonds, which are thinned and polished with higher costs and technical difficulties, leading to higher value of sapphire tablets.
In 2020, the price of sapphire was cyclically low, and the price of sapphire began to rise in 2021 in the face of rising downstream demand, and we expect the price of sapphire tablets to return to the price center of $60-65 per plate in 2022, and the price of the sapphire bar to the price center of $23-25/mm. On that basis, the market size of the sapphire bar in 2022 and 2023 was calculated at 809 million yuan, respectively.
Note: Converted to 4 inch 4.2 crystals: technology research and development has a cost-side advantage over wind power from the pre-capable production layout.
The “Innermont Project” was changed in October 2021 to “Yearly Production of 6 million Sapphire Sapphire Sapphire Slicing Project” with the “Yearly Production of 6 million Sapphire Sapphire Slicing Project”.
In terms of the sapphire crystal bar, the first phase of the Nemon project was put into production in 2016, with an estimated output of 12 million mm/year, and the Nemon project is expected to reach production by the end of 2022, with full capacity to reach 25,63 million mm/year. In addition, a joint venture between the company and LansyTechnology was established in 2020 to build 3,500 tons of sapphire production capacity per year (hereinafter referred to as the Ningxia project), with the first phase of the project being the project.
Launched in December 2021, the project is expected to be fully operational in Ningxia in 2023, when the company’s sapphire production capacity is expected to reach 4,800 tons/year, creating an advantage in production capacity.
18 million sapphire tablets per year, which match the sapphire crystal bar production capacity. Compared to that, Tianxun shares announced in March 2022 that they were planning to invest in the “1300 tons of sapphire crystals project” and “12 million mm of sapphire crystals per year”, according to the announcement, the above-mentioned project is expected to be launched in 2024.
The process of sapphire production determines to a large extent the cost of production and the application of sapphire, and the led liner requires that the sapphire crystals have low location density, high crystal matching, more suitable for the sapphire produced by the bubbling method, while the bubbling method is less costly.
The sapphire crystal in shape is irregular, requiring a stick to handle the rule-based cylindrical bar, the higher the size, the lower the unit cost of production. In 2020, the crystallizer power lab grew the world ' s first 700-kg-grade blue stone crystal ingots, and now the company has 300 kg-grade crystal inch, maintaining a leading position in the industry.
Stone growth equipment and processing equipment are developed and produced by the company itself and have an equal advantage in terms of investment costs.5 Silicon carbonization: cloudy ranges e.g., as in the case of solar lifts 5.1 new energy vehicles, 5g communications drive rapid growth in the carbonated silicon market
Silicon carbide (sic), nitride (gan) are considered third-generation semiconductor materials because of their high band width, strength to hit the electric field, saturation and electronic drift rates, heat conductivity, and resistance to radiation. There are still more technical problems with the growth of the nitrified silicon crystal, making silicon the most important third-generation semiconductor material.
The base liner of carbon silicon can be divided into a conductive liner and a semi-insulated liner according to the resistance rate, with a conductive resistance range of 0.02\omega\cdotcm and a semi-insulated resistance rate of more than 10⁄6\omega cm. Power devices that grow on the base of the sic liner can be applied to high-pressure work scenes such as new energy cars, electrical grids, photovoltamin converters, orbital traffic.
Microwave radio frequency devices, which are long-formed, are used mainly in radio frequency switches, power amplifiers, filters, etc., and meet 5g communications requirements for high-frequency performance and high-power processing performance. The carbonated silicon liners have significant advantages compared to the silicon-based devices.
The working voltage ranged from 650v to 3300v, and the higher impact field can reduce the size of the device to 1/10 silicon. Second, the saturation and electronic speed of carbon silicon is higher, and the conductive resistance is 1/200 for silicon-based devices. Microwave frequency devices produced under high-frequency currents cause lower switch losses and lower energy losses, while reducing the use of capacitors and sensors and significantly reducing radio frequency.
Third, silicon carbide has an excellent high temperature and conductivity. The highest working temperature of the silicon carbide device is 1580°C, which allows it to maintain better performance in high-temperature working environments, and good heat conductivity reduces the demand for radiators, while reducing costs while reducing volume.
Silicon carbon is one of the key factors in solving the problem of electric car development. In downstream applications, the main application of silicone carbon power devices is a new-energy vehicle, and two of the main problems facing the new-energy automobile industry are ongoing miles of anxiety and charging speed.
So the fundamental solution to this problem is to reduce the weight of the vehicle, which leads to four pathways, of which upgrading the energy intensity of the cells and cores requires advances in battery technology, while reducing the weight of other components can be realized through silicon carbide devices.
High-voltage systems can reduce weight and power loss by using carbonated silicon power devices, thereby increasing the mileage, reducing the cooling system and saving the cost of the whole vehicle. Carbonated silicon power devices help upgrade the new energy vehicle to a high-voltage platform of 800v to increase the charge rate.
The pressure is usually 400v, while the 800v high-voltage platform can increase the charge power above 350kw and reduce the charge time for 400km of continuous mileage electricity to 12-15 minutes. The market size of the carbonated silicone device will increase exponentially. As the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increases, and carbon will increase.
The market for silicone power devices will grow exponentially in the future, given the spread of new energy vehicles. By 2027, the market for carbon silicone power devices is projected to be more than $10 billion.
Ten thousand pieces, domestic demand (converted to 6 inches) will reach 286,000. In 2018-2019, 6 inches of carbonated silicon crystals were sold at an average price of 7386.41, 7380.53, and in 2020, the advanced 6 inches of carbonated silicone crystals were sold at an average price of 7423.49, assuming that by 2025 the price of 6 inches of carbonated silicon chip was reduced to 6,500.
The global and domestic market for conductive carbonated silicon liners driven by new energy vehicles is 4,056 million yuan and 1,859 million yuan, respectively. Note: converted to 6 inches, silicon carbonated materials are naturally equipped with 5g communications.
Within 1ms, a peak download speed of 10-20gbit/s communications technology. The radio frequency devices required for 5g communications consist mainly of radio frequency switches, lna, power magnifiers, filters, etc., where power amplifiers are at the core of the radiation frequency signal and 5g high frequency specials require power amplifiers to be capable of working in high frequency and high power conditions.
According to Yole, the global demand for semi-insulated carbon silicon liners will reach 438,400 pieces by 2025. In 2020, the average price of advanced 4-inch semi-insulated silicone chip sold was 9214.99 yuan, assuming that by 2025 the price would fall to 7,500.
The size of the global semi-insulated market for silicone chips will reach 3,288 million yuan. Note: Conversion to 4 inches due to high technical barriers to the growth of carbonated silicone crystals and a limited number of companies with capacity to produce in quantities worldwide will lead to carbonization
Silicon-lined market patterns are concentrated, and most of the global market share is held by foreign companies, indicating that our carbon-carbled silicon enterprises have greater market space. Our lead-carbon-led silicon-lined silicon-head Tianconda market share is only 1.7 per cent, and in semi-insulated village-level, the country’s Sky-eon is advanced into global head-ship status, with a market share of 30 per cent in 2020.
5.2 Carbonated silicon long-crystal crystals are difficult to produce, and production capacity determines the future. Carbonated silicon melts at a high temperature, with multiple types of crystals and low rates of long crystals.
The structure of the body, while only a few crystal structures, such as 4h-sic, are required for semiconductor material, requires precise control of multiple parameters such as carbon silicon ratio, temperature gradients, and concentrations of adulterated elements during crystal growth, otherwise producing multiple crystals mixed, and highly defective non-conforming crystals. And the difficulty of silicon carbonated growth technology has led to low production rates in carbonated silicon liners.
As a domestic semi-insulated carbonated silicon linehead, Iwok has an average of about 50 per cent for the last two years and 70-75 per cent for the bottom line for the last two years. Figure 63: Carbonated silicon chip main processing process
Note: Crystal stick ratio = semiconductor-class crystal bar production/(semiconductor-class crystal bar production + nonconductor-class bar production) x 100 per cent; bottom line rate = eligible bottom yield/(qualified bottom yield + unsatisfactory bottom line production) x 100 per cent, according to casa, the country ' s conductive carbonated silicon line bottom production in 2020 was 400,000 tablets/years, and semi-insulated bottom yield was 400,000 tablets/years.
In 2008, the Wassenaar Agreement banned the export of semi-insulated carbonated silicon lining to China in order to limit China’s development of 5g communications technology, and domestic demand is largely dependent on self-sufficiency. Currently, much of the domestic carbonated silicon base production capacity is still available.
In 2-4 inches, some head manufacturers completed a technological reserve of 6 inches of carbonated silicon liners and achieved volume production, but on a smaller scale, 8 inches of bottom line production technology is still in the technology reserve, while foreign carbonated silicone head cree, ii-iv achieved volume capacity of 8 inches of carbonated silicone liners in 2015 and 2019, respectively.
Carbonated silicone crystals are slow to grow, and energy release depends, on the one hand, on the number of long-crystal furnaces and, on the other hand, on the improvement of single-crystal capacity. The growth cycle of carbonated silicone crystals is about seven days, with only a dozen centimetres of silicone crystals produced, which, taking into account the good rate and the single-year rate, slowly determines that the expansion of capacity depends on growth in the number of long-crystals and an increase in single-crystal capacity.
Large capital spending is needed, and it will take longer to debug the long-crystal parameters. Improving single-crystal production requires the excellence of long-crystal technology, which will also take time to accumulate, with a 40% increase in the production of long-crystal stands between 2018 and 2020.
5.3 Crystal Silicon: Silicon carbon was ordered to break out and 400,000 pieces/yearly production and power futures. According to the crystals engine announcement, the client a is currently entering into a procurement intent with the company, which will be given priority in 2022-2025 to provide no less than 230,000 silicon carbonated bedding units, and client a is given priority to the crystals machine, subject to the same technical parameters and prices.
Electricity purchases the carbonated silicon liner products. Previously, the crystal-spill electrostatic increase announcement proposed an investment of 3.36 billion yuan in the production of 400,000 6 inches of conductor and semi-insulated carbon per year. Silicon liner production capacity. Project construction period of five years. 30 per cent expected in the third year, 80 per cent in the fifth year and 80 per cent in the seventh year.
100%. Currently, the crystal-silicon project is being transferred from the current project, using its own funds and other forms of financing. We do not think that the release of the silicon project from the project will have a significant impact on the future development of corporate silicon operations, that photovoltaic equipment will create a good operating cash flow for the company, and that the investment cycle for the silicon project will be longer, with an average annual capital expenditure pressure.
Because of the difficulty of producing carbon silicon liners, the country has fewer companies with technological reserves and volume capacity, and industry competition is better. According to the above projections, the demand for carbon silicon liners for new energy vehicles will rise in 2026-2027, according to the above projections.
So we can answer the second question: We believe that the silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silica silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
In anticipation of being sent to the client for validation, given the one-year equipment validation cycle in the semiconductor industry and the two-year construction cycle in the company’s semiconductor equipment project, corporate semiconductor equipment revenues are expected to grow rapidly in 2024. The demand for the sapphire liners will grow as the miniled/microled technology matures.
The year is an explosive stage of growth in the demand for carbonated silicon liners, and the company’s current production profile will strongly support performance growth. Using the six-month period following the reporting period, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;