Charles Zhuang 庄怀超
天赐材料 Guangzhou Tinci Materials Technology (002709.CH)
合作协议提振业绩预期，新增产能奠定增长基础
Cooperation boosts performance, New production capacity lays the foundation
最新动态
与瑞浦兰钧签订合作协议。2025 年 9 月 22 日,公司全资子公司九江天赐与瑞浦兰钧签订了《合作协
\triangleright
议》。协议约定，在本协议有效期内（自本协议生效之日起至 2030 年 12 月 31 日止），瑞浦兰钧
(含瑞浦兰钧温州基地及下属各关联公司/基地)向九江天赐采购总量不少于 80 万吨的电解液产品,
且九江天赐能满足瑞浦兰钧月度最高需求时不低于 2 万吨供应量。电解液产品之核心原材料六氟磷酸
锂的价格由双方另行协商确定。本协议如果充分履行，将对公司 2026 年至 2030 年度经营业绩产生
积极影响。
固态电池材料预计 2026 年完成中试产线建设。公司在固态电池材料布局主要包括硫化物及氧化物固
\triangleright
态电解质路线，目前硫化物路线的固态电解质处于中试阶段，主要配合下游电池客户做材料技术验证，
同时中试产线建设也在持续的推动，公司计划在 2026 年完成中试产线建设，并具备中试量产的能力。
\triangleright
回收业务。在锂矿资源布局方面，公司会综合考虑成本及相关风险因素，采取谨慎投资的策略。在回
酸锂的使用比例，以满足客户及欧洲电池法案等相关法规对回收材料使用比例的要求。
动向解读
电解液及六氟磷酸锂的价格预计将趋于良性恢复。公司预计未来电解液及六氟磷酸锂的产品价格将逐
\triangleright
步趋向于良性的恢复，一方面是受核心原材料碳酸锂的价格波动影响，另一方面是随着下游需求的持
续提升，行业的产能利用率水平也稳步提高，在供需格局好转的背景下，产品价格及盈利水平也会稳
步回升到合理水平。公司认为，目前六氟磷酸锂三家头部供应商的开工率已经处于相对较高水平，其
他不具备成本优势的产能，实际的生产负荷低或没有实际开车，综合来看，目前六氟磷酸锂的市场供
需处于相对平衡阶段。公司在现有生产的产线上存在技改提升产能的空间，但目前暂未考虑投放生产，
公司会维持相对平衡的产能利用率水平，新增产能的投放节奏会结合市场的需求变化情况综合考虑。
策略建议
盈利预测。我们给予公司 2025-2027 年归母净利润分别为 11.40/16.25/22.51 亿元。参考可比公司,
\triangleright
考虑到公司固态电池材料建设和新增产能,给予公司一定估值溢价,给予公司 2026 年 45 倍 PE,首
主要财务数据及预测
表1: 可比公司估值表
技术迭代风险、原材料价格波动的风险、海外扩张风险、知识产权的风险。
What's New
Signed a cooperation agreement with REPT Battero Energy. On September 22, 2025, the wholly-owned
subsidiary of the company, Jiujiang Tianci, signed a "Cooperation Agreement" with REPT Battero Energy. The
agreement stipulates that during the validity period of this agreement (from the effective date of this agreement
to December 31, 2030), REPT Battero Energy (including REPT Battero Energy Wenzhou base and its affiliated
companies/bases) shall purchase a total of no less than 800000 tons of electrolyte products from Jiujiang
Tianci, and Jiujiang Tianci shall be able to meet REPT Battero Energy's monthly maximum demand with a
supply of no less than 20000 tons. The price of lithium hexafluorophosphate, the core raw material of
electrolyte products, shall be determined through separate negotiation between the two parties. If this
agreement is fully implemented, it will have a positive impact on the company's operating performance from
2026 to 2030.
\triangleright
The construction of the pilot production line for solid-state battery materials is expected to be
completed by 2026. The company's layout in solid-state battery materials mainly includes sulfide and oxide
solid-state electrolyte routes. Currently, the sulfide route's solid-state electrolyte is in the pilot stage, mainly
cooperating with downstream battery customers for material technology verification. At the same time, the
construction of the pilot production line is also continuously promoted. The company plans to complete the
construction of the pilot production line by 2026 and has the ability to mass produce it.
Gradually increase the proportion of recycled lithium carbonate usage. The company's current self
supplied lithium carbonate raw materials mainly come from lithium mineral resource processing and waste
battery recycling business. In terms of lithium mining resource layout, the company will comprehensively
consider costs and related risk factors, and adopt a cautious investment strategy. In terms of recycling
business, the company will continue to improve and explore the sources of waste batteries, ensure sufficient
supply of recycled materials, and gradually increase the proportion of recycled lithium carbonate to meet the
requirements of customers and relevant regulations such as the European Battery Act on the proportion of
recycled materials.
What's Different
\triangleright
The prices of electrolytes and lithium hexafluorophosphate tend towards a benign recovery. The
company expects that the prices of electrolytes and lithium hexafluorophosphate products will gradually tend
towards a benign recovery in the future. On the one hand, this is due to the price fluctuations of the core raw
material lithium carbonate. On the other hand, with the continuous improvement of downstream demand, the
industry's capacity utilization level will steadily increase. Against the backdrop of an improved supply-demand
pattern, product prices and profitability levels will also steadily rise to a reasonable level. The company
believes that the operating rates of the three top suppliers of lithium hexafluorophosphate are currently at a
relatively high level. Other production capacities that do not have cost advantages have low actual production
loads or no actual start-up. Overall, the market supply and demand of lithium hexafluorophosphate are in a
relatively balanced stage. The company has room for technological upgrades to increase production capacity
on its existing production lines, but has not yet considered launching production. The company will maintain
a relatively balanced level of capacity utilization, and the pace of launching new capacity will be
comprehensively considered in conjunction with changes in market demand.
Action
Profit forecast. We give the company net profit of RMB 1.140/1.625/2.251 billion for 2025-2027 Referring to
comparable companies, considering a certain valuation premium for the company's solid-state batteries and
new production capacity, the company will be given 45x PE for FY26, with TP of 38.25 yuan for the initial
coverage, and "Acccumulate" rating will be given.
Risks
Risks of technological iteration, fluctuations in raw material prices, overseas expansion, and intellectual property.
业,主要覆盖化工和新材料行业。
业。环球富盛理财有限公司是一家香港的持牌券商机构,成立于2014年。
体、炸药、氟化工、分子筛、电解液和合成生物学等行业。覆盖的公司包括: 东
岳集团、环球新材国际、中国心连心化肥、中化化肥、阜丰集团、中国三江化
工、中国联塑、浦林成山、米高集团、中国石油化学、中国旭阳集团、彩客新能
源、天徳化工、理文化工等。
微信: zhuangcharles
COMPANY RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
SECTOR RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 18 months
DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
(1) The Analysts and their associates do not serve as an officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(2) The Analysts and their associates do not have any financial interests in relation to the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(3) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries do not hold equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization of
the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(4) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries have not had investment banking relationships with the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report within the preceding 12 months.
(5) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries are not making a market in the securities in respect of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report.
(6) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limitedand/or its subsidiaries have not employed an individual serving as an officer of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report. There is no officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report associated with Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries.
DISCLAIMER
This Research Report does not constitute an invitation or offer to acquire, purchase or subscribe for securities by Global Prosperity Financial
Company Limited. Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies may do business that relates to companies covered
in research reports, including investment banking, investment services, etc. (for example, the placing agent, lead manager, sponsor,
underwriter or invest proprietarily).
Any opinions expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment strategies expressed orally or in written form by sales
persons, dealers and other professional executives of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited group of companies. Any opinions
expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment decisions made by the asset management and investment banking
groups of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited.
Though best effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and data contained in this Research Report, Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information and data herein. This Research Report
may contain some forward-looking estimates and forecasts derived from the assumptions of the future political and economic conditions with
inherently unpredictable and mutable situation, so uncertainty may contain. Investors should understand and comprehend the investment
objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
This Research Report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located
in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would
subject Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
© 2025 Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Unit 2301, 23/F., 308 Central Des Voeux, 308 Des Voeux Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong