Quality of operations is further enhanced by the performance of Yunnan's Quarterly Report 2025.
Yunnan White (stock code: 000538), 1.9335 billion yuan, an increase of 13.67 per cent over the same year; net profit from non-repatriation of $1.887 billion, a positive increase in the pharmaceutical industry and an increase in the Māori rate.
Continuously optimizing industry and product structure, 2025q1 achieved industrial income of $4.470 billion, an increase of $763 million over the same period. Companies have continued to deepen their “big monolith” strategy, accelerating the secondary development of important varieties and promoting companies □ chingpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn
Operating cash flows have increased faster and the quality of operations has improved further. The net cash flow from the business activities of the 2025q1 company is $714 million, an increase of 35.39 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of sales of goods and the provision of labour, which has led to a better increase in the cash received. The sales cost rate is 9.9 per cent, a decrease of 1.6 pct, a decrease in management.
Song Li Xing is down 5%, inventory management is more efficient, turnover is faster, and operations are becoming more efficient. New products are being developed and developed in the short, medium and long term, with two cards for Chinese + innovation.
There are 11 large Chinese drug varieties and 25 projects currently under development. A cumulative total of 109 patient data collection, statistical analysis and summary reports have been completed.
Multi-centre rct clinical studies on the validity and safety of post-abortion bleeding, reduction of post-abortion medication, successful integration of 269 multi-centre rct clinical studies on the effectiveness and safety of lower vaginal haemorrhage into the group. 2) In the medium term, intensive efforts have been made to promote innovative Chinese medicine development and to continue building the Yunnan White-Purpose Star product.
Three hundred and sixty-two clinical trials have been completed and five hundred and seventy-eight trials have been completed. Pre-test preparation for the ii clinical trials has been completed and communication materials with cde have been submitted.
The gel-painting study was completed, the gel-painting of Yunnan was completed, the preliminary test study was completed, and the new rubber-painting of Yunnan was completed. 3) Nuclear drugs were used as a long-term focus, layouts, and several innovations. Inr101 was used for pet/ct imaging to diagnose suspicious prostate cancers, obtained in May 2024.
Inr102 is used for the treatment of transient detoxification, resistance to prostate cancer, non-clinical studies and reports that meet the requirements of the Ind application, delivered in November.
Application for pre-ind communication, completion of 10 trials in iit clinical studies and first cycle investment advice: company is a Chinese drug leader in the country, with a clear medium- and long-term layout, a strong strategy, and in recent years, 1. [Galactic Medicines] company reviews the Yunnan white pill (000538.sz)
The annual report reviews: consumption poles are strong and diversity is widening. 2. [Galactic Medicines] company reviews _ Yunnan Pharmacy
(000538.sz): High growth in core products and the risk that companies will keep production at a slower pace than expected; the risk that higher prices of raw materials will affect the Māori rate of the product; and the commitment to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.