High growth in core products and high corporate ratings, Yunnan White 2024 report performance rating, Yunnan White (stock code: 000538).
4.749 billion yuan, an increase of 16.02 per cent in the same year; $4.523 billion net profit from non-repatriation, an increase in double digits from the same year to the same year; 26 per cent growth in aerosols, toothpaste, medical business stability; 1) $6.924 billion, an increase of 11.8 per cent, from the same year, from the pharmaceutical industry, and from the sale of single products
There are 10 products. Yunnan's revenues from the sale of white aerosols rose by over $2.1 billion, 26 per cent over the same year, and continued the trend of six-monthly growth; Yunnan's white paste, capsules, Band-Aids, and dispersants all showed significant growth. Bodeau's revenues from the sale of blue anti-inflammation tablets were close to $200 million, an increase of over 22 per cent.
□: Chengpei_vj@chinastock.com.cn has lost hundreds of millions of spleen income. The amount of gas-salary fluids has increased by about 14% over the same period. 2) The amount of income earned by the health industry has increased by 6,526 million yuan, or 1.6% over the same period; the profit has been earned by 2,191 million yuan, or 8.36% over the same period.
Yunnan's white toothpaste is at the top of the country's overall market share, earning 422 million yuan, 30.3 per cent more than in the same year. 3) The Chinese pharmaceutical industry has achieved an external income of 1,751 million yuan, an increase of 3.13 per cent over the same period.
The increase in the price of inputs is significantly lower than the average increase in the price of medicines in the industry. 4) The provincial pharmaceutical industry earns 24.607 billion yuan, an increase of 0.48 per cent in the same year. 5) The Ministry of Medical Equipment and Works collects 425 million yuan, an increase of 61 per cent in the same year. The Ministry of Health Care has increased its operating income by 99.07 million yuan, an increase of 101 per cent in the same year.
In 2024, research and development costs amounted to $340 million, at a rate of 1 per cent. 1) Secondary innovative development and rapid pharmaceutical development of small and medium- and long-term distribution varieties are currently being developed. There are currently 11 Chinese drug varieties and 25 projects.
A cumulative total of 109 patient data was collected, a meta-analysis was completed and a summary report was submitted. The uterine hemoglobin capsule completed a multi-centre rct clinical study to reduce post-abortion haemorrhage and to reduce the efficacy and safety of vaginal haemorrhage following a drug miscarriage.
The multi-centre rct clinical study was successfully integrated into the group 269 cases. 2) In the medium term, efforts were made to promote the development of innovative Chinese medicine and to continue the construction of the Yunnan Phenomenal Oscillation Star. 362 clinical trials were completed in all three or seven films, and 578 cases were added to the group.
There are four different types of gypsums, of which the fluorine gel has been developed clinically, the experimental batches have been completed and the clinical pretests completed, the sodium gels of Lossolofne have been completed as an intermediate study, the glucose of Yunnan have been completed as a prescription process for the highest performance of the glue, and the new rubbers of Yunnan have been completed as an intermediate test.
Step studies. 3) Nuclear drugs are used as a long-term focus, with several innovations. Inr101 is used for pet/ct imaging, diagnosis of suspicious prostate cancers, May 2024, clinical batches, November 2024, I/iia clinical summary report, which shows excellent stability and safety of products, and eop2 communication hand-over at the end of November
Inr102 is used to treat transientally resistant prostate cancer patients, completes non-clinical studies and reports that meet the requirements of the Ind application, submits applications for pre-ind communication in November, iit clinical studies for 10 admissions and first-cycle medications.
Investment proposal: The company is a national drug leader, with a clear medium- to long-term layout and a strong strategy, in recent years.
The production rate is not as fast as expected; the increase in the price of raw materials affects the Māori rate of the product; and the collection of price reductions. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Song Liqiang, Master of Public Health at the University of Kyotan, admitted to the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the fields of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicines. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.