The first three quarters of 2019 saw $10,627 million in revenues, compared to the first three quarters of 2019.
33.42 per cent long; net return to the mother was 3,306 million yuan, a decrease of 10.34 per cent in the same year.1 Net return to the mother during the single season recovered markedly: the company returned the mother ' s net profit for the third quarter of 1,152 million yuan, the ring +17.67 per cent, and the corresponding figure +39.52 per cent, showing a clear recovery trend.
In an environment of weaker shocks, industrial metals and gold operate in parallel, effectively ironing off fluctuations in their performance. At the same time, revenue growth fell in the first three quarters, mainly as a result of the low Māori smelting scheme,2 and the gold and copper contribution as a major profit increase: the mineral zinc price dropped twice in the first three quarters, dragging it down.
The company's Maori is close to $800 million. But the gold and copper combined bring an increase of $1.64 billion, making the company's gross stock/flow (millions of shares) return to 113 million. Of this amount, mineral gold sales are + 9%, sales unit prices + 16%, and the Māori ratio is the same.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) rebounded by 6.2 percentage points, increasing Māori by 1.06 billion yuan on the same year; while the Māori ratio for mineral copper fell by 9.4 percentage points and the unit price for sales fell by 0.25 per cent, it benefited from the Democratic Republic of the Congo/Kulu
The Vézie Copper Float Selection System has been put into production and the wet system, the Dobble Mountain II has been put into production, and the new M & As (601899) is the industrial metal landscape, the purple goldpol copper industry, where copper sales have increased by 43 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in an increase of 580 million yuan in Māori.
The trend continues, with overseas resources entering the harvest period.3 Industry outlook: the overall supply of copper mines has become more tight due to the disruptions of strikes, etc. — the Annual Review of the Purple Gold Minerals 2017
This year, the crude price, which is at its lowest level since the end of 2012, also reflects the narrow supply edge of the mine. The demand outlook, in the context of the US Federal Reserve’s suspension of interest hikes, and the structural easing of the Central American trade war, is now expected to improve the margin.
We believe that copper prices are at the bottom, and that rising prices in the four quarters and the first quarter of 2020 are still predictable. Gold is expected to remain strong in an environment of global easing.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.