The gold mining industry, which buys gold from the mainland, buys gold from abroad and buys from the next city, issues a cash agreement to all issued shares of the gold from the mainland.
At $5.50 per share, the total value of 100 per cent of mainland gold is approximately $1.37 billion, and the total value of 100 per cent of mainland gold is approximately $1.33 billion (about $10.0 billion), after deducting the market price for related equity-type instruments.
(i) Significant increase in the company ' s reserves of high-quality gold and silver resources: the amount of Vuritica gold deposits;
165.47 tons of silver and 653.17 tons of silver, with an average grade of 10.32g/t, 40.76g/t. The company ' s gold reserves will exceed 2,000 tons after the purchase, increasing the company ' s mineral gold production by 20 per cent. (ii) Impact on the company ' s cash flow and financial structure: if the company is able to resolve this successfully
The total stock/flow ring (million shares) should help improve the company’s financial structure. If the Vuritika gold mine begins to generate profits, the company’s pss will grow considerably.
The company's profits for the first five years are estimated at $131 million, based on the current equity of the company, the return of production, and the main increase in the contribution of gold and copper.
Will the net profit per share be increased by $0.036. (iv) Is the purchase valued as expensive?
It's a little higher than the current a share of gold. But if the trend is to continue with a mere profit of almost 920 million in the postnatal period, with overseas resources entering the harvest period, the market gain is only 4.3 times lower than it is.
A comparison of the stock, market value, etc., suggests that the value of the project is not high. Investment proposal: we judge that the global demand for and supply of copper will be resonant next year, with strategic preference for copper.
I. MATTERS: THE AGREEMENT AGREEMENT REGARDED ON 2 DECEMBER 2019 BY THE COMPANY OF THE MILITARY MINORITIES OF THE MILITARY MINISTER AND OF THE NATURAL GoldINC.
At a price of $5.50 per share, the total amount of cash available to mainland gold is 203,172,441 shares and the total value of the actual purchase of 100 per cent of mainland gold is approximately $1.33 billion (approximately $10.0 billion), after deduction of the price of the relevant equity-type instruments.
At the same time as the Arrangement, the company subscribes $50 million in converted bonds for gold on the mainland, mainly for the construction of mines. The negotiable bond is for a period of five years, with an interest rate of 5% and a half-yearly interest rate.
The company may choose to convert to the average share of mainland gold, at a conversion price of $4.50 per share and the higher of the lowest conversion price allowed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
This deal has been unanimously adopted by the Special Commission and the board of directors of mainland gold. The company also signed a lock-out agreement with Newmont gold, the chief shareholder of mainland gold, the director of mainland gold, and the executive, all of whom have agreed to move the deal forward and will vote in favour of the agreement at the special shareholders’ conference.
The acquisition will obtain, as required, at least 2/3 (66%) of the shareholders who voted in the special stockholders meeting on mainland gold (and more than half of the shareholders who voted without a conflict of interest), and the special shareholders meeting will take place within 60 days of the signing of the agreement.
The stock exchange approves and meets other customary delivery conditions for transactions of the same nature.III. The subject matter of the transaction is: Newmont gold, a Canadian listed company under the banner of Canadian gold, and mainland gold, a leading Colombian gold mining company based in Canada, in Doren, Canada.
The multi-exchange (stock code “cnl”) and the international market of otcqx (stock code “cgoof”) are listed mainly in Colombia for the exploration, exploitation, acquisition and evaluation of gold resources. Its first shareholder, Newmont gold, holds about 19.9% of the mainland gold stock and a transferable debt of $50 million.
Bottom-line assets and operations: Vuritica gold mining project pending production Core continental gold assets are the Buriticá gold mining project in the department of Antioch, Colombia.
The gold in the mainland holds 100 per cent of the Vuritica gold project through its wholly-owned subsidiary in Bermuda (continentalgoldmited) subsidiary in Medellin, Colombia.
The area of mining rights in the Vuritika gold mining project is 617 km2 and the mining rights are valid until 2041 (which can be extended for 30 years after expiry). The main mine body is open at the edge and deep, with potential for increased storage; there are large expanses of high-value rock and elements such as soil gold, copper, molybdenum, geochemical anomalies and mineral geological conditions, with better prospects for mining.
In addition to the above-mentioned core assets, mainland gold has 12 mining rights and one right to prospecting in the vicinity of the Vuritika project; 1 right to mining in the northern Berlin area and 5 rights to prospecting in the western Dakhura region of Choco province: 2 rights to prospecting in the southern region of Dominika, 4 rights to prospecting in the southern province of Cauca.
There are good prospects for finding a mine. The Vuritica gold mining project is a priority project in Colombia, and continental gold has obtained the required permits to build the project, including mining licences, environmental permits and land use permits.
The project is designed to be the largest independent gold mine in Colombia, with a daily processing of 3.000 tons of gold, and is to be mined using deep-hole empty-field methods, common re-selection + cyanide leaching - zinc replacement smelting process, gold recovery rate of 90.8-94.1%, and silver recovery rate of 57-59%.
The duration of the service is 14 years, with an average annual yield of 7.8 tons and 14.5 tons of silver and silver (of which 8.8 tons and 15.4 tons are produced in the first five years), with full maintenance costs of approximately $492 per ounce (and 604 dollars per ounce if the construction costs for the previous period are considered). 187 tons of extrapolated gold resources for the first stage are not designed to be used until further geological control is developed.
V. Pacific Color Review: The valuation is not expensive in a comprehensive comparison: (i) substantial increase in the company ' s stock of high-quality gold and silver resources.
165.47 tonnes and 653.17 tonnes of silver, with an average grade of 10.32g/t, 40.76g/t, with extrapolated resources of 187.24 tonnes of gold and 815.53 tonnes of silver, with an average grade of 8.56g/t, 37.28g/t. After this acquisition is completed, the public gold reserves will exceed 2,000 tonnes, and after the completion of the Vuritika gold mining project will increase the company’s mineral production by about 2,000 tonnes.
20%. In terms of resource endowments, generally 3g/t~5g/t-grade gold mines are relatively high-quality gold mines, and 10.32g/t has excellent taste, even when compared to other projects of the company. (ii) Impact on the company ' s cash flow and financial structure
The company’s cash flow is currently the focus of market attention, and in November it just raised $7 billion to buy gold from the mainland in Kamoa, to buy from overseas and to buy projects that require more investment, such as a follow-up assessment of the violet mine and timok. And the Vuritika gold mining project, which, as of the end of October 2019, had been built.
The project’s self-facilitation cycle should help improve the company’s financial structure.
(iii) The firm ' s net profit per share is about $0.036, and as a result of the company ' s use of cash purchases, the company ' s pers would have increased significantly if the Vuritika gold mine had started to generate profits. 8.8 tons of gold, 15.4 tons of silver and 7.8 tons of silver and 14.5 tons of silver produced in the previous five years, according to project planning.
The full maintenance cost of the project is approximately $492 per ounce, and the full maintenance cost is only $604 per ounce if prior construction costs are taken into account. By contrast, the total maintenance cost of the q1 global gold mining enterprise (aisc) in 2019 is about $1,000, and the cost advantage of the project is very clear.
On the assumption of $1,400 per ounce and $16 per ounce, taking into account its metal flow liabilities, the purchase price represents a 29% premium on the average weighted value of gold on the mainland as at the first 20 days of the Toronto Stock Exchange as at 2 December 2019.
Western gold 5.28, Shandong gold 4.17, Silver Thai gold 2.71, Red Peak gold 2.61, and Central gold 1.96 times the net rate of the market are slightly higher. We calculate its market rate by calculating a net profit of nearly RMB 920 million after childbirth, and we compare it with the following data on aggregate production, profits, reserves, market value.
In terms of the yield and profit from the project, the current valuation of the project of $7 billion is entirely undervalued; if measured in terms of reserves, the market value of a single gold resource is also better than that of a gold-listed company. As project construction has not yet been completed, characterization is the main reason for its discount.
Figure 1: A comparison of the acquisition projects with the shares of the companies listed on the market, the acquisition of mainland gold, overseas M&As, and the next city - Purple Gold Mining Tracking Point.
In November, China’s manufacturing pmi rebounded beyond expectations. In anticipation of economic recovery, industrial firms are expected to move from stock to stock supplementation.
At the same time, China’s land mass has increased, its new infrastructure has expanded, its old districts have been restructured, and investment in electricity grids has accelerated. Combined with the shortage of copper concentrates and the fall in waste copper imports, we continue to argue strongly that copper plates and companies have strategic opportunities.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report