The semi-annual report for 2024 took stock of the double profit margin, the continuing high demand for the high-end light module, the increase in the size of corporate revenue and profitability.
The demand for 400g and 800g light modules has grown significantly and has accelerated the technological rotation of light modules towards 800g and above. The rapid increase in the share of high-end products such as 400g and 800g and the continued reduction of efficiency gains have resulted in further increases in corporate product revenues, Māori and net profit margins.
Performance forecast assessment: Keeping the performance up, we see the following trends in industrial demand next year: 1) Cloud mills, in their reasoning, highlight the need for +h series of calculations, the supply of cards slow + the three-fold trend of self-built Ether architecture, the demand for 800g next year.
It will be fully released; 2) British Weida will continue to maintain the excellence of the hardware and software systems in training, training and integration, while its client structure will continue to be optimized and will lead further to cutting-edge products such as 1.6t.
Intergenerational applications; 3) Silicon light has the potential to ease the shortage of materials such as photochips, carry silicon-based co-encapsulations. Review point: Performance is over-expected, expected to be sustained. Trends, cost-cutting three-tier industrial logic, which is expected to accelerate penetration.
The company, as a global head manufacturer with close ties to large clients, is able to obtain the structural advantages of material supply in terms of demand from mainstream customers, simultaneous production expansion and orderly advancement, in the context of upstream material stress, and silicon photochip layout, which is expected to benefit in depth from next year's 800g, 1.6t
Profit forecasting and investment rating: We kept our companies 2024-2026 in view of the high demand downstream in the light module industry to build arithmetic and the high barriers to their products and customers.
R & D fell short of expectations; industry competition intensified; and raw materials were scarce.