Continuous optimization of profitability, leading the research and development delivery power industry - mid-2024 Report on performance ratings: recent publication of annual performance reports for 2024, 2024h1, corporate revenue realization
IMCO (stock code: 300308.sz) Sustained increase in overseas shares and continued optimization of profitability: due to improved corporate performance, good product structure, Jo Liang Bei
The company’s 24h1 gross interest rate is 33.13%, the year-on-year ratio is +2.74pct. Looking ahead, the company plans to tighten its control of the cost of the period, the cost of one-driven high-speed product acceleration, and the research and development and delivery power industry leads: according to yole projections.
The global market for light modules is expected to grow by 27% in 2024, and is expected to expand significantly to $22.4 billion by 2029, mainly as a result of the continued high demand for high-speed light modules from British and North American cloud leaders.
The total capex in the Amazon grew by 66% and the ring by 22% over the year, all of which highlighted the continued increase in inputs on the gpu and ai servers, which is expected to drive a steady increase in the number of orders from suppliers of the luminous modules. At the same time, the market size of the 400g+high-speed rate is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate of over 28%, to 2029
The market for products such as the case and the Silicon Light Program has been successfully imported, 800g products have been certified by multiple data centre clients, and 1.6t Silicon Light module has entered the client sample testing phase and is expected to be produced at the end of the year.
Investment proposals: The company is a global light module leader, with high product reliability and leading R & D risks; the risk of increased competition in the light module industry.
Module high-scene continuity 2. [Galactic communication] Industry trip report: technology + cost advantage driven by a continuous increase in city share
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.