In the afternoon of August 25, the mid-to-late 2024 report was published. In 2024, the company received $10,799 million in revenue, or 169,70 per cent of the year, and the net return to the mother stood at $2,358 million, or 28,426 per cent of the year.
At the end of the income, the growth in demand for arithmetic hardware continued to drive the sale of high-speed products such as 400g/800g, which was $1 billion, or 169.7%. At the end of the profit, the Māori rate remained at a historically high level, continuing to fall.
In the case of Māori, the share of high-speed products such as silicon light, 400 g and 800g has increased, adding good rates and improving production efficiency have contributed to the stability of Māori at a historically high level of 33.13 per cent in the first half of 2024, up from 2.74 pcts.
Subtract efficiency measures continued to advance, with companies selling, managing, R & D, financial cost ratios of the same kind compared to those of the real dollar securities firm Research-Middle Creature (300308) 2023 and capacity expanding rapidly, silicon light up and high-speed products progressing well.
In the first quarter of 2024, the report points out: the ai push rate is shorter intergenerational, year-round output is expanding rapidly, and high-speed products are being released quickly. The company reports a combined output of 9 million, compared to 79.19 per cent. The silicon light is rising rapidly. The main silicon chip subsidiary, Suzhou, collects it.
The market for silicon light products has accelerated. The high-speed product is going well.
The product is progressing well, and the product’s major clients are now being measured, and it is expected that it will enter the production phase by the end of the year, when the 1.6t silicon light program will be available simultaneously. As industry’s leading supplier of light modules, the company’s technology is well stocked, its clients are rich in resources, and as it is counted.
The company is expected to maintain its profitability at a higher level, with the continuous turnover of hardware and hardware technology, and the company will be fully reaped by the dividends of the growth in demand for arithmetic hardware. Add to the efficiency gains in internal cost control, we anticipate.
The Hong Kong market benchmark is a constant index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North handout benchmark index is a 50-point North Index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts