In the second quarter of 2024, three major overseas cloud producers (Google, Microsoft and Amazon) and Meta made capital expenditures.
130.71 RMB (a total of $52.9 billion (up from the $50.6 billion previously projected unanimously by Bloomberg), with a similar increase in China ' s semiconductor
High ($148 billion). All four companies have confirmed that they will continue to invest heavily in their infrastructure to meet growing computing needs. As Google CEO Sundarpichai did at his recent performance meeting.
The company is currently exposed to “the risk of underinvestment far outweighs the risk of overinvestment.” The following points: 1) The performance of overseas technology firms is mixed, 2) the economy of the United States is likely to be in recession.
Moreover, last week’s unexpected interest hikes forced the arbitrage to level off, further exacerbating the market’s sales. Despite the recent disruption of the market by the above-mentioned windfall factors, capital spending by major cloud producers was in the second quarter.
High/low equity prices (millions of people) remain strong within 52 weeks, and we unanimously reiterate that we will continue to increase our investment. Therefore, we maintain a positive view of the ai plate. As one of the main beneficiaries of the industry, Meso-Current is our preferred target under the i-investment theme.
Mid-Santung Investment Holdings Ltd. Wang Wei-hyuk RMB (after elimination of interest).
• We expect that the company’s performance will be limited by the design defects of the British Weida chip. There are reports of design defects in the next Gpu chip of the British Weida company, which will delay the delivery of the product (link). The news raises the market’s concern that a new generation of British Weida products may be facing delays in the delivery of the product or even the cancellation of the bill.
Investors fear that their supply chain performance will be further affected. We believe that the impact of this event is limited. The design flaw was found at an early stage, and we believe that the industry chain could solve the problems arising from the defect. Blackwell chip is expected to start mass production in the fourth quarter of 2024, a large part of the series.
Lately, the negative effects will be offset by an extension of the life cycle of the hopper series of products.
Model investments (the total capital expenditure of four major cloud producers in 2024 and 2025 will be the light module, according to Bloomberg’s unanimous expectation) are confident that in the future they will continue to benefit from the growth in demand and the increase in capital spending by the ai. Corporate risk increases; 2) new product roll-out is not as fast as expected; 3) cloud company capital spending is slowing; 4)
Figure 1: Three cloud producers and meta capital expenditure Figure 2: Three cloud producers and meta revenue projections
Figure 3: Comparison of Microsoft capital expenditure, Figure 4: Comparison of Meta capital expenditure, Figure 5: Comparison of Amazon capital expenditure
Figure 6: Comparison of Google ' s capital expenditure Figure 8: Mid-to-Small Dynamic Market Gains Figure 7: Middle-Small Dynamic Market Gain Zones