Performance forecast for 2024 h1 shows a steady increase in performance, rapid release of high-speed light modules, impressive performance in Suzhou, and a significant increase in net corporate profits after recognition of equity incentive costs of $93 million.
After deducting the impact of equity incentive costs on the net profits of subsidiary Suzhou's Oscillating Statement, Sioux achieved a net profit of about $220 million to $270,000, an increase over 2023's caliber.
The company is expected to benefit in depth from next year's 800g, 1.6t high demand + silicon light + accelerated penetration, and we believe that next year's industrial demand trend is as follows: 1) Cloud plants are arguing demand to highlight the three-fold trend in the +h series of calculations + the supply of the cards + the self-built Ether network structure + the demand for 800g next year.
Midsummit: 2023 performance forecast will be fully released; 2) British Weida continues to maintain the excellence of hardware and software systems in training, training and integration.
At the same time, the continued optimization of its client structure will further lead to the replacement and application of cutting-edge products such as 1.6t; and 3) the silicon light module is expected to accelerate penetration by mitigating material shortages such as photochips, absorbing silicon-based co-encapsulation trends, and lowering the cost of three layers of industrial logic.
The company, as a global head vendor with close ties to large clients, is able to comment on the need to receive mainstream clients: profitability continues to improve, looking forward to high speeds.
And, at the same time, production expansion is proceeding in an orderly manner, with the silicon chip profile deep in the context of upstream material scarcity, with the prospect of achieving structural advantages in material supply, thus benefiting in depth from industrial demand trends in 800g, 1.6t and silicon light next year.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the high demand downstream in the light module industry for arithmetic construction, R & D falling short of expectations; increased competition in the industry; and the scarcity of raw materials.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.