\triangleright deducting net profit from the non-mortality of $2.33 billion, an increase of 300.1 per cent over the previous quarter of 24q2
5.9 billion yuan, an increase of 174.9 per cent in the same year and 23.0 per cent in the ring, resulting in a net return profit of 1.349 billion, i.e. a significant pull-up of 400g&800g light module demand, and a sustained high growth trend in corporate performance: \triangleright
A further increase in capital spending and increased investment in arithmetic infrastructure has led to a significant increase in the demand for high-end light modules, such as 400g and 800g, while also accelerating the growth of the light module rate to 800g and above. The growth in corporate output of 400g and 800g in the first half of the year has been significant, creating a core driver of high performance.
The company ' s continued drive to mitigate efficiency costs is well regulated, while the proportion of high-end light modules delivered is significantly increased
Continue to optimize product structure, helper company Māori ratio up: in the first half of the year, the cost of company sales was 0.83 per cent, down 0.26 pct from the same period last year, and the management cost was 2.84 per cent, down from the same period last year, Margavi.
Companies continue to push for lower efficiency gains, and corporate cost rates as a whole are on a good downward trend. The Māori rate is 33.13% in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.74 pct compared to the same period last year, and the light module Māori rate is up to Yang Dongx.
33.83%, an increase of 3.01pc, a significant increase in the ratio of high-end light modules such as 400g&800g, compared to the same period last year, is an important reason for the increase in the Māori ratio. Capex, a giant downstream of 24q2, remains high and is generally optimistic about the future of capex.
The number of light module taps is expected to continue to benefit: 24q2 downstream overseas giant capex has maintained a high overall growth rate, Amazon year + 53.8 per cent/ring ratio + 18.1 per cent, Google year + 91.4 per cent/ring ratio + 9.8 per cent, Microsoft year + year & year 24: performance meets expectations and i continues to push
High-end light module demand is expected to increase significantly by 2025 capex. Microsoft expects capex to continue to grow significantly and anticipate capex to be higher than in the first half of 2024. Corporate light module products are fully configured, deep tied downstream giants.
Review: Ai needs contribution of 800g faster, Māori ratio & net household, with significant pre-eminences, ranked first among the light company producers in the year 2023 and is expected to sustain the high growth brought about by the beneficiary.
Investment proposal: The company is a global digital light module leader, deeply tied to the entire overseas head company, \triangleright buys extended auto field layout, further opens up the growth space -
The lead in the field and the company's pre-eminence in the technological frontier of the light module are expected to continue to benefit in the future
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.