He's the world's leading supplier of high-speed light modules and continues to benefit from the rise of the ai industry.
The company is a leading global light module company, with a complete light module product matrix, with a leading capacity for development and delivery. The company is now in absolute global leadership of the 800g light module product at the forefront of the industry, and is expected to take the lead in producing 1.6t high-speed light module products in the fourth quarter of this year.
The industry is still in the early stages of development, and the light module is expected to benefit fully from the associated infrastructure by maintaining “a sustained increase in demand for high-speed products such as 800g, leading to high performance growth: 10,799 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 170 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of 2,358 million yuan, yoy+28,426 per cent;
In a single quarter, the company ' s net return to the mother was 1.349 billion yuan, the same-year structure was continuously optimized, and the company ' s operating income and net profit were significantly higher than the same-year ratio. In addition, the public sector reported $279 million in optical and electronic plates. We believe the high-speed light module needs brought about by the ai.
The company is a global leader in the field of light modules, 1.6t, silicon light, and so on: the light module is the core area of the computing industry, and the company is firmly at the top of the world, based on the fact that
In the 2023 light module manufacturer ranking released by lightcounting, Intermediary is once again in the full range of product combinations, the first ball, and the head is strong. With regard to the new product, the company ' s 1.6t light module product has been delivered.
A new round of growth in light communication modules; in addition to the company's stock of silicon technology, which now has 1.6 t silicon solution and self-research of silicon chips. We believe that there will be sufficient stock of technology in the company in the future, and it is expected that there will be high demand.
Institutional investors as a share of the circulation a. The industry’s leading position is maintained in the era of institutional investors, with some raw materials locked in ahead and supply-side security continuously enhanced: at the supply end, the company vcsel
The suppliers have been expanded to plan and lock up procurement needs from upstream chips such as eml, based on customer guidance and orders. In addition, the company’s self-researched silicon light program is expected to accelerate upscaling over the next two years if the industry’s overall demand for eml capacity is strained.
We believe that over the next two years, in the context of overall upstream logistics constraints, companies have taken measures to strengthen their own supply-side security, and follow-up needs to look at the performance of upstream producers such as lumentum, marvell, etc.
Profit forecasts: the 800g revolution brought about by the ai continues to outpace expectations and the industry is expected to have an impact over the next two years;3 and capital expenditure by overseas cloud producers falls short of expectations.
NetProfit (dps)
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.