The first half of the year was in line with expectations, and the supply side was secure.
In addition, during the reporting period, companies recognized the cost of equity incentives for restricted stock incentives, employee-holding schemes, etc., resulting in the attribution of equity incentives to the public.
The net profit of the division’s shareholders was reduced by about $91 million, and after the impact was eliminated, the median net profit of the o2 return was about $1.36 billion, an increase of about 270%. We believe that the current global ai era is still growing rapidly, that the huge demand in the relevant arithmetic fields is more sustained, and that the company’s revenue is expected to continue to grow in the future.
The company is the global leader in light modules, 1.6t, silicon light, and so on: the light module is the core area of the computing industry, and the company is firmly in the world's leading position, based on the fact that it's the world's leading industry.
In the 2023 ranking of light-module manufacturers released by lightcounting, Meso-Challenge is once again the world's number one, with strong headlines. With regard to new products, the company's 1.6t-light module product has entered the feed product mix.
We believe that future corporate technology is well-stocked, with high demand in the country.
The age of institutional investors as a share of the circulation a maintains the industry’s leading position. Pre-locking part of the raw materials and increasing supply-side security on a continuous basis: at the supply end, the company vcsel
The range of suppliers has been expanded, and upstream chip manufacturers, such as eml, have planned and targeted their procurement needs ahead of time, in line with customer guidance and orders. Moreover, if the overall demand for eml capacity in the industry is strained in the next two years, the company’s self-researched silicon light programme is expected to accelerate its increase, which also enhances the supply side.
We believe that over the next two years, in the context of overall upstream logistics constraints, companies have taken measures to strengthen their own supply-side security, and follow-up needs to look at the performance of upstream producers such as lumentum, marvell, etc.
Profit forecasts: the 800g revolution brought about by the ai continues to outpace expectations and the industry is expected to have an impact over the next two years;3 and overseas cloud producers’ capital expenditures are below expectations.chinaresearchdeept.com.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.