The demand for light modules is strong and performance continues to increase.ai development leads to corporate development, ranked first in the global light module manufacturer: benefiting from the i-line.
Business development, based on the consistent expectations of factset, the combined capital expenditure of the overseas cloud giants in 2024 will increase by 27.2 per cent to $193.83 billion over the same period, and the demand for the light module is expected to hold on to 1. "Middle Innovator: industry is up and companies are up.
Since its inception, the company has focused on the development of the light module industry, with several product groups, such as 1.6t, 800g, 400g, 200g, 100g, 40g, 25g and 10g.
. According to the global light module Top 10, 2023, published by Lightning, 2023.10.22 The company is for the first time not ranked first in the world alongside other producers.
3. Middle-Inventories: Performance is going to be positive on a seasonal basis, high-end product-led demand for the arithmetic continued to flourish globally in 2024, and the demand for the 800g and 400g light modules will continue to grow significantly. The company as the first global team light module will continue to grow.
Vendors, downstream depth tied to large clients, high-speed light module delivered in volume, followed by rapid and sustained growth in the performance of the Division. 1.6 t light module expected delivery in 2025: since 2024, based on priority clients
With the fast-growing demand for web bandwidth, companies will speed up the market for the 1.6t light module, aiming to deliver by 2025. 1.6t product demand, driven by the gb200 application, is expected to increase continuously, while the unit price of the product is higher, and is expected to produce for the company ' s performance and profitability.
The silicon light program is expected to be an important advantage for companies: the company pre-researchs the next generation of light module technology to ensure that the industry’s technological leadership and continuous competitiveness are maintained in the fast-evolving trend of light modules. According to the lightcounting forecast, the light communication industry is already in silicon.
The global market for silicon modules will reach nearly $8 billion in 2026, and it is expected to account for half of the market share. The silicon modules are built on high bases, high product performance, higher prices, and the company now has 1.6t silicon light.
Solutions and self-research of silicon chips, which are expected to be released in the future, will result in the company producing capacity, capital costs for major overseas plants will fall short of expectations, trade frictions will be upgraded between China and the United States, product prices will be reduced precipitously, and more services will be made available by scavenging.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market