I'm the best deliverer of the global high-speed light module.
The profits amounted to $2.33 billion, compared to 300.1 per cent per q2, and the company achieved a revenue of $5.96 billion, corresponding to market data: 9 September 2024, aicapex, a North American cloud manufacturer, grew high, with the company acting as the main supplier of high-speed light modules in the first half of the year.
Focused benefits. The first half of the year was the highest/lowest in North America -- Amazon, Google, Meta, and the top/lowest in the year -- the four technology giants of Microsoft, capex.897.5 billion dollars, compared to 44.1% in the year.
In the context of the gpu cluster, which runs from Huanka to 100,000 k, and the continuous roll-out of the new network card, the switch-up network port, the ratio of the configuration of the light module to the gpu base data: 30 June 2024
The monthly update reports that the global market for light modules for the ai cluster will exceed $4 billion, more than double that of the previous year, and is expected to exceed $7 billion in 2025 and $12 billion in 2029.
Increased share of high-speed products, higher Māori ratios, and continued net interest rate increases in controlling cost efficiencies.
In the first half of the year, the Goeuvernance Corporation collected 9.47 billion yuan abroad, 1.33 billion yuan abroad, plus 172.0%, and +154.2%, respectively.
Overseas markets continue to grow even more against a high base, showing the high profile of overseas markets and the company’s leading position. According to cignalai, companies are at the top of 400gbe and 800gbe in 24q1 global high-end module output statistics.
In terms of cost rates, the company’s share payments for the first half of the year totalled $97 million, and its excellent performance and industry status continued to inspire high-end talent, while promoting efficiency gains, sales, sales, etc.
Management, R & D costs together accounted for 8.5% of the revenue, compared to 5.4 pct, and eventually achieved a net return rate of 22.3%. Continued expansion of production reserves shows optimistic expectations for future orders.
In the same period of the year, 1.2 showed an increase in capacity utilization and the high-end value of the product. From the volume of goods delivered, 9 million units were produced in the first half of the year, compared with 81 per cent in the previous year, and 6.2 million in sales, compared with 79 per cent in the previous year. In addition, the company ' s inventory had a book value of $6.17 billion in the first half of the year, compared with the beginning of the year.
We're optimistic about the change in the climate of the arithmetic board, and the central reason is that the data centre is positive \triangleright.
Moving from generic to accelerated computing architecture, the ai is moving from aigc visibility app to the hidden ability to penetrate all industries, with great demands for arithmetic. As the best deliverer of the global light module, we look forward to the medium- and long-term market performance of the public sector. We expect the company to return to its mother-to-child profits in 2024-2026, respectively.
Lower expected market for light modules due to lower output of downstream infrastructure such as gpu servers: lower market share of companies due to the introduction of new suppliers by North American cloud producers: more diversified structure of the ailight module customers and risk of a gradual downside of the asp and Māori ratios; and friction of Sino-American economic technology
The financial statement forecasts and valuations are aggregated on a reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status or belief in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.