On March 25, Kyoto Easta published its annual report for 2018: $97.1 billion, an increase of 3.53 per cent, compared with 3.53 per cent.
The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 3,435 million yuan, a decrease of 54.61 per cent over the same period; the net profit from deduction of non-retroactivity to the mother was largely in line with expectations, with the LCD cycle delaying overall performance; the actual income was slightly higher than the forecast of 9,665 million yuan reported in the previous three quarters; the net profit attributable to the mother was 18 q4
The impact of the plan and the downside price of the panel is lower than the $4,583 million expected in the previous three-quarters report. The port, Wirtschaftsprüfer, Wisdom and Wisdom industries each achieved 86,688 million yuan, 17.5 billion yuan and 11.52 per cent improvement in their overall capacity, combined with g 10.5 generation line yields, production capacity and good rate of continuous slopes, 18 years of liquid crystal panels.
The sales area was 42.23 million square metres, an increase of 32.64 per cent over the same period; (2) downstream demand was weak last year and the prices of liquid crystal panels, such as electricity, dropped significantly, with an increase in revenue less than the increase in the area of the shipment; and (3) depreciation and amortization during the pre-construction period was significant, delaying overall performance.
The industry's leading position is strong, competition is on the increase, and unled has made a breakthrough in client and good quality.
And ranked first in the world, with displays ranked second in the world (up by more than 30 per cent); electronic signboards, patches, electronic tags, wearing and vr/ar, five sub-markets out of 20 per cent; soft-led and productive breakthroughs; six-generation amoled (soft) production line continued to be raised.
The monitors have about 18 million cargoes, in third and fourth places worldwide. For patents, 9,585 new patent applications have been filed and 4,800 additional authorizations have been granted throughout the year, including over 1,600 authorized by the United States, and over 20 external technical standards have been revised by the host system throughout the year.
Downstream demand continues to grow, supply is gradually improving, liquid crystal panel prices are expected to move to a turning point, and the oled infiltrates.
The tv panel is further larger and the ratio of exports above 65 inches continues to grow, and 4k TV penetration continues to be mentioned.
Rapid growth in retail, commercial and other areas of growth: 19 years of global liquid crystal panels are expected to reflect a small rebound of inch tv panels under the back-up of downstream aircraft, and large-scale panels will continue to be affected by the light season.
The strategic transformation of phase 1.0 of the Internet is continuing, with the organization optimizing the potential for future growth.
In 18 years, the three main causes of portware, Smart Group, Wise Doctors were divided into seven clusters, the B2b and b2c global marketing platforms were reorganized, and intelligent, iot and healthy 3 individuals and big data were created, and the company is expected to have a low price of large panels, given that the prices of small and medium-sized liquid crystal panels are stable and the prices of large-sized panels are reduced by a narrow margin.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.