The company and the Fuku Qing City People's Government, the Fuku Qing City Construction Investment Group Limited, the Fuku Qing City Construction Investment Group are limited.
The Ministry signed the " 6th Generation Amoled (Flexible) Production Line Project in the Province of Fukuo, Kyoto " , which the government strongly supports by promoting the construction of the flexible Amoled Production Line.
Production line, glass base plate size 1,500 mm x 1850 mm, with a design capacity that eventually reaches 48 thousand pieces per month of glass base plate input. This project, in addition to benefiting from such preferential policies as the national and provincial high-technology enterprises and the self-trade zone policy, will also be in the ground.
Policy support for companies at the policy level is fully demonstrated. Strong government support guarantees the successful implementation of the project at a later stage, on the one hand, and on the other.
Markets are growing rapidly, and local firms are expected to benefit.
By 2020, the market will have reached $47.7 billion. Local firms are actively engaged in national substitution, domestic and foreign market expansion, and their market share is expected to continue to increase.
To strengthen self-innovation capabilities and lead the development of amoled industries around the world. The company, Chengdu's 6th-generation flexible amoled production line, achieved earlier output by the end of October, and achieved branding plants such as Tohua, Opo, Vivo, Mi, Naking, etc.
The first product delivery by the business: the 6th-generation flexible aoled production line is currently under construction and is expected to be operational in 2019: the 6th-generation amoled production line in Chongqing has been set in motion: with the construction of this Fukuzhou production line, the future company will have four moreled
Production lines will continue and will be able to create a niche for firms to compete in the global market and hopefully lead global industrial development.