A new cycle has arrived, and the southwest securities research and development centre is on its way.
Summary of performance: corporate business income of $9.711 billion in 2018, an increase of 3.5 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of enterprise portware operations reduced by 5.9 to 18.9 per cent in the same year, resulting in an increase in corporate overall Māori rates compared to the same rate of inputs resulting in higher R&D costs compared to 1.8 pp and higher interest costs associated with the start-up of new projects
The company continued to increase its R & D investment, maintained its thrust-networked transformation strategy, and increased global competitiveness of the dsh project blocks. The panel industry rebounded in 19 and companies developed sufficient power for long-term growth.
Zhang, with further increases in market share by segment, shows that the total volume of panels has remained the highest in the world; five mainstream product markets have continued to increase, reaching full global priority; and displays have been delivered in the same amount of volume as a whole.
As a result, the supply and demand margins of the panel industry have improved significantly, and panel prices have rebounded downwards and are expected to improve the company ' s earnings for 19 years. In the long run, market potential, such as demand for large-scale television products, business displays, and agile, flexible products, is driving the company ' s long-term development.
..the folding screen mobile phone year was opened, and the volume of soft-aoled shipments was expected to rise in 19th year. In 2018, the Department of Public Administration was able to produce or plan four soft-aoled lines, with a total investment of $186 billion, bringing together the company ' s potential amoled monthly capacity of 192k, which is expected to grow in the future at a small, medium-sized and medium-sized scale.
In the second quarter of 2019, the three-star, Chinese and other foldable screens will be sold consecutively, officially opening the year of folding screens, and smartphones will have increased penetration rates, determining that Kyoto East is the country's first producer of flexible amoled output, 2019.
The volume of goods delivered by amoled is expected to increase in an outbreak driven by the demand of mobile phone manufacturers. lcd viewing cycle, reference to the company’s historical valuation of the industry’s hyperbole cycle, while the company oled, or Kyoto Orienta (000725), is flexible in layout.
The new line, the market of the oled is promising (2018-12-27) long and flexible.
(208-10-31) Continued expansion and potential for reconnection (2018-08-28)
Assumption 1: The size of the company's screen operations has remained at around 15 per cent for the next three years; with the 19h1 panel scenario: corporate intelligence services and smart retail operations continue to grow, the Māori ratio of smart system operations will remain at 3 for the next three years: the company's current construction of a digital complex and a health estate will be operational almost after 2018.
The company’s smart and healthy business has maintained a Māori rate of around 60% for nearly three years. Novo will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.