The fall in the price of the panel has cost us a lot, and soft-led has come to an opportunity for development on March 27th, 2019.
Wei Hongmei grew by 3.53 per cent over the same period; the net profit on return to mothers was 3,435 million yuan, a decrease of 54.61 per cent over the same year; and the fall in the prices of liquid crystal panels was, in our view, the main reason for the decline in corporate profitability.
See, in 2017, the high profile of the panels, the expansion of major panel producers and the release of concentrated capacity led to increased competition in the panel industry; on the demand side, the semiconductor showed that the industry had entered the adjustment period since the second half of 2018, and the mainstream of smartphones, flatboard computers, TVtv, among others, showed continued decline in end-out shipments.
The combined effect of excessive expansion of capacity and low downstream demand was that the price of the lcd panel continued to fall in 2018, in particular the relatively large adjustment of the television screen price, while the company’s amoled production line remained in expansion, affecting to some extent the company’s performance.
In addition, the company increased its research and development investment during the reporting period, at an annual cost of $5,040 million.
Roe (ttm) shows an increase in the market share of the panel and a breakthrough in soft-led. The company is the global panel leader, with the panel ' s volume remaining the world ' s first in 2018, with further increases in market share by segment.
According to ihs data, in 2018, the company achieved market coverage in five major markets: smartphone screens, tablet screens, notebooks, computer screens, monitor screens and television screens.
Second, the company’s soft-led business has made a major breakthrough in the delivery of first-line brand customers, which is exceedingly large, and the future is expected to boost the company’s performance. Since this year, mobile phone manufacturers, represented by Samsung and China, have successively launched foldable mobile phones with soft-led screens to detonate them.
Markets, soft-led development opportunities, penetration rates will continue to rise. Companies have good cards in the soft-led field and now have four soft-led lines, of which the Chengdu line has been produced and supplied to first-line customers. In the future, as other lines of production continue to grow, companies will become more productive and produce better.
This rating system's “market index” reference point is 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I know it independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research view, free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.