The downturn in the industry has led to lower performance than expected Events: the company issued a performance forecast for 2018, and the company achieved a net return profit for the entire year of 2018
The sustained decline in the price of the lcd panel was a direct cause of the decline in performance in 2018. The concentration of domestic firms over the last two years led to a significant increase in panel capacity. With the relative stability of demand, the large expansion of capacity led to a steady decline in the price of the lcd panel, the latest data from ihs.
On the demand side, the likelihood of a significant increase in downstream demand is low and is expected to remain relatively stable; at the supply end, including the supply side.
It is expected to grow by more than two digits throughout the year, with a short supply and demand imbalance, even taking into account anecdotal changes in the overall market value/flow (million yuan) of Korea’s production line.
A 12-month maximum/minimum value amoled investment has the advantage of scaling up. The company announced on December 26, 2018 that it would be in the Pacific Securities in Kyoto Easta (000725).
Fuching City invests in the construction of the sixth-generation amoled (soft) production line, designed to produce 48 k/month. So, the public electronics sector, Kyoto Easta (000725.sz), has already planned four production lines for amoled (of which the production line is already in production and the production line is expected to be in production).
Three-quarterly reviews: 3q18 revenue improvement in the season, which became operational this year) with a total design capacity of 192k/month, after three stars, and increased corporate profits from the second lgd exchange loss - 20181030
The panel industry is an investment-driven industry, and the company's investment addition in amoled will further expand to Kyoto Easterna (000725) Pacific Securities - Large Its Size, helping to improve its competitiveness in the amoled area.
The electronics sector - Kyoto Easta (000725.sz) looks at the company’s long-term investment value.
Accumulation and storage of technology in the field, advantages of scale, sound incentives, and a reasonable business layout can focus on the progress of the amoled production line - 20180828 - putting itself in a position of advantage in the long-term competition of the industry and eventually winning, depending on the company ' s long-term investment value.
A (000725) Pacific Securities-Kyotoa Annual Report & Quarterly Review: Panel Prices 34.46, 38.19, 10,997 million yuan corresponding to 26.3 pesos in 2018-2020
The fall has dragged down the company ' s 1q18 performance and the risk of the head falling; in addition, as the company ' s future driver, amoled, the timely release of its capacity and the market ' s demand for amoled are also issues that need to be focused on.
The industry's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.