Government grant received for year-round performance improvement - Chinese Air Shen Fei (600,760) annual report 2019, one-quarter review in 2020 27 April 2020
On 24 April, the company published its annual report for 2019, which achieved business income of 23,761 million yuan, an increase of 17.91 per cent in the same year; and a net return to the mother of 878 million yuan, an increase of 18.10 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2020, operating income of 570 million yuan, an increase of 12.11 per cent in the same year; and a return to the mother of 598 million yuan, an increase of 201.57 per cent in the same year.
Year-round growth, Roe significantly increased \triangleright \triangleright 2019. Companies achieved 23,761 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 17.91 per cent over the year.
Eight hundred and seventy-eight million yuan, an increase of 18.10 per cent in the same year, and a steady increase in the company’s performance. The cost rate for the period of the company is a significant increase in the performance of the first quarter of the year, with government subsidies. In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved operating income of $5,700 million, an increase of 12.11 per cent in the same year.
The profit was 598 million yuan, an increase of 201.5 per cent in the same year; the net profit from deductions was 265 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 37.71 per cent. Of this, the government subsidy, which took into account gains and losses in the current period, amounted to $397 million, which contributed significantly to the company’s performance. The main reason for the subsidy was a supplement to the provisional price of the previous product, which was produced as a result of the product pattern.
The price is generally higher than the provisional price, so the difference will be distributed to the company. We believe that the company will continue to receive government subsidies in the future, which will play a key role in improving its performance.
On January 12, \triangleright, 2018, the company officially changed its name to "Shenfleet in China", marking a successful launch of the Shen Fei Group as a whole, and became the only platform for listing a striker.
Based on the fc-31 model displayed during the Paris air show, experts assume that the new engine will help it perform as a carrier. In addition to the ship's expectations, we believe that the future foreign trade potential of fc-31 is also to be expected.
(010) 85127513 Significant improvement in performance through four-generation aircraft. New accelerators, price-fixing mechanism reforms to increase profitability
The World Air Force shows that the ratio of three- and four-generation aircraft in our fighter jets is only 42%, well below the U.S. air traffic assessment: 78% balanced. According to the latest White Paper " China ' s Defense for the New Age " , the cost of our equipment represents the cost of our defence forces.
Delivery progresses on a continuous basis, with a year-round steady growth of 41% and a future acceleration in the phase-out of old and old equipment and new major battle equipment. Corporate performance is expected to grow rapidly without benefiting from the need for three or four generations of aircraft to reload.
2. China Air Shen Fei (600,760) summary assessment: The willingness to balance efficiency gains will be stronger. If the total unit profit rate is significant and the target cost of the 5% profit incentive ceiling is met, delivery is expected to increase steadily throughout the year
Shen Fei is expected to be 10%. The future profit rate may be increasing as a scaffolding company. 3. China Air Shen Fei (600,760) Summary Report: Strong Company is the only platform for domestic sculpters to be listed, benefiting from the gradual build-up of future military aircraft.
To promote balanced production, Shen Fei's performance is stable, military aircraft are installed at a slower rate than expected, government support is lower than expected, company financial statement data projections are aggregated
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.