Regional advantages in terms of asset quality, concern about the excessive rate of growth of joint bank statements: Beijing Bank issued annual reports for 2016 and quarterly reports for 2017, companies achieved operating revenues of $47,456 million in 2016 and $13,606 million in 2017, Beijing Bank (60,169.sz)
In 2016, the corporate income structure continued to optimize, with net interest income of $37,525 million and non-interest income of bp and net spreads of more than most listed banks.
\triangleright \triangleright \
The size of the joint register of high-growth corporate liabilities is worth mentioning. Bank of Beijing First Cover: Assets of Better Quality, Runners of the City Bank. 2017.01.25.
In education, health, high technology, etc., large and medium-sized enterprises, the overall advantage of the loan quality is evident.
\triangleright Risk factors: 1; less than expected macroeconomic growth, affecting the quality of assets; 2 excessive cost increases affecting profit levels.
\triangleright Comparison of Industries, July 2014 in charge of financial sector research. Has a multi-dimensional experience of international and domestic research, macro-strategy, industry, etc. Interactions with mainstream media, such as Yanyan, Xinhua, etc. Prices and research assistants. Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Economics in 2015, graduate from Shandong University in 2013 in finance. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2015 in charge of research in the financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.