Participation of major shareholders in confidence-building: scope for future expansion Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The group, Sun Life, Sun Production Risk, the United East Group and the Tri-Firth Group, with a total of seven specific targets, issued a total of not more than 2,422 million (inclusive) shares and raised a total of not more than $23,988 million (inclusive) to supplement core-level capital, after deducting the cost of distribution.
No more than 221 million shares are requested, not more than 177 million shares from State capital companies, not more than 741 million shares from the Kyogen Group, not more than 600 million shares from the Sun, not more than 120 million shares from the Sun, not more than 330 million shares from the Group, not more than 220 million shares from the Three Gorges Group and a regular 36-month lock for all subscriptions.
The issuing price is 90 per cent of the average value of the company ' s sharea stock transactions for 20 trading days before the base date and the higher value of each share of the net assets of the average shareholder audited at the end of the most recent period prior to issuance.
The top three shareholders, including Beijing’s Treasury, have taken part in the build-up and have shown confidence.
Liu Zhiping (bankn.v. down 0.61% and state capital companies down 0.21%), the third largest share of the Tokyo energy group,
In addition, the participation of the company’s top three shareholders in the subscription also demonstrates the firm’s absolute confidence in the company’s future development. The price-fixing date is the first day of the issue of the undistributed stock, and the issue price is 20 payments before the price-fixing benchmark date.
The final distribution price will be determined by adjusting the distribution volume accordingly. The two distribution priority shares raise the capital adequacy rate at the first level and capital adequacy at the first level, but the company’s core capital at the first level.
At the end of 2016, the firm ' s core-level capital adequacy, first-level capital adequacy was only higher than Nanking and Guangtae in listed banks (8.21 per cent in both Nanjing and Guang), core capital constraining the continued development of the company ' s operations and the expansion of asset size, and after this replenishment, core one.
Level capital adequacy increases by 1.58 percentage points to 9.84 per cent. At the same time, capital adequacy will also rise to 13.78 per cent, to the forefront of the industry, and increases in capital adequacy after fixed increases will also provide greater scope for broader credit scale expansion, allowing companies to better manipulate and restructure their assets.
The company as a whole is well run, and this increase in capital is opening the way for future asset expansion, taking into account the red stock, not considering a fixed increase), and we maintain the investment rating that the company buys, the long-term economic downturn, the continuing high credit risk, the company's operating risk, etc.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.