Central Science Dawn (603019) Computer re-launching of its infrastructure core asset, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Recommended logic: The company is the core asset of its infrastructure and has a layout for high-end computing operations, storage operations, urban cloud computing operations, etc. Subject to the influence of the physical inventory, the raw material of the company chip is scarce and the company’s performance is low in 2019. As the impact of the physical inventory is phased out, the ocean chip under the company’s flag is expected to be real in the future.
The cloud calculates the mega-capital expenditure up to 5 g, and then uses the rising-led server industry to get back on track. The cloud-top is an important purchaser in the server industry, with the last centralized procurement going around 2016, in line with the suit.
The server's three-year update cycle, 2020-2021, is the time node for the server's large-scale update. Financial data on capital expenditure are also available for validation, and it is expected that the cloud's capital expenditure will increase the volume of service delivery. At the same time, as the 5g construction process accelerates, the 5g application will become interconnected.
The surge in network traffic, the surge in data demand for data computing capacity, storage space, etc., has also contributed significantly to the increased demand for servers, which has affected the list of U.S. entities in the month of Mid-Korn and Tianjin.
2019q3 began to slow down, while the ratio of X86 servers dropped to 4% and the ring ratio decreased by 6.7 percentage points. According to the company, the company is now implementing a replacement programme for parts to ensure a smooth supply chain, and with the gradual elimination of the physical inventory, the sea light chip is expected to be released in 2020, and the company will adopt it.
The company’s core infrastructure asset, urban cloud and storage business is well under way. The company’s urban cloud business has grown by 86% and 72%, respectively.
In 2019, the company already had a share in the high-end storage market, relying on a large number of fields such as rail transport, biogenesis, meteorology, energy, finance, etc., of the boxing product parastor storage system. The net return profit over the next three years will be at a compound rate of 35.3%.
With assets and sea light chips expected to make a profit elastic mass contribution over 20 years, and with companies moving smoothly towards urban clouds and storage as core infrastructure assets, the company should enjoy a certain premium on valuation, giving China Sunlight from its inception position as a supplier of its core equipment, leading to high-end computers, storage products and cloud computing,
After many years of development, the company has developed into a domestic core of its equipment suppliers in areas such as high performance computing, upstream chip research and development, distributed storage, urban cloud computing centres, etc., and has implemented the brand concept of “autonomous innovation in the service of China” for a wide range of government, energy, the Internet, education, meteorology, medical care and public services.
The company ' s main business structure: according to the company ' s annual report for 2018, the company ' s revenues are mainly derived from high-performance computer operations, 79 per cent of the revenue, 11 per cent of the revenue from software development, system integration and technical services around high-end computers, and storage.
The Māori share is only around 45%, due to the low Māori rate of high-performance computer operations, and the Māori share of high-end computer software development, system integration and technical services. The overall Māori share is 44%, while the Māori share of stored products is 11%.
Figure 1: The company ' s main business structure in 2018 (millions of yuan) is growing at a rapid rate; the same trend is being observed with the company ' s net return profits, which have recovered at a rate of 37.6 per cent between 2014 and 2018, growing rapidly with the harvest. The company ' s rapid growth in business in recent years has largely benefited from social entry to large numbers.
By the time, the demand for computing and storage grew significantly to boost corporate output. Corporate revenue and profits increased in 2016 at a lower rate than in other years, mainly because company high-end computer operations benefited from the expansion of downstream interconnector servers in 2017 and 2018, and thus showed a slightly lower rate of growth in 2016.
The higher rate of growth was mainly due to the fact that the growth rate of the company ' s revenues remained relatively high, while the company ' s costs were within a reasonable range of growth when the company ' s Māori ratio was stable.2 Industry analysis: high-end computing demand is strong and storage market space is wide.
High-end computers, as future information infrastructure, are in high demand. High-end computers are classified by performance mainly into high-performance computers and regular servers, but both high-performance computing machines and normal servers are used as computing infrastructure in the big data age, and therefore as the volume of data increases and is related to the growth of the data.
There is an increased demand for data calculations and a strong demand for servers to carry basic computing functions. In servers, the distribution can be divided into x86 servers, rsc-structured servers and Ia-64 servers, with x86 ahead of other types of servers in terms of the wide range of applications and ecological richness, so
x86 servers are the most widely used in the industry. x86 servers have a wide market space. According to idc data, the total number of industrial shipments in the third year of 2019 was about 3.304 million, and the third quarter of 2019, by market size, x 86 servers.
The size of the market was $4.83 billion, a 0.4 per cent decline in the same year, but the ring rose by 27.1 per cent, and the overall size of the industry market for the entire year 2018 was about $17.17 billion. Statistically, the market space for x86 servers is wide, and we believe that as the size of the data increases further, the future growth in society’s demand for calculations will continue to drive the market size of x86 servers.
According to market participants in x86, domestic producers are the main suppliers in the domestic market. According to statistics on idc, in the third quarter of 2019, the volume of domestic vendors, China, China, Xinhua, Dawn, Association, and Bodd, respectively, was affected by the increased bargaining power of upstream and downstream customers, with lower rates of Maori in the server industry.
In the areas of cpu, storage, hardware, and so on, these industries have basically developed a pattern. For example, the cpu sector is dominated by companies like Intel and Amd: storage is dominated by companies like Samsung, Modern and Light: hard drives are dominated by companies like Hilde, West, etc. Servers are largely downstream, including government and Internet customers, and in hundreds of degrees, Ali, and others.
Internet companies led by tweets, kyoto, byte beats, etc., have high demand for servers due to faster business development, but server vendors have limited Māori space because of the high volume of purchases and the need for customization of servers. In general, the server industry is influenced by upstream suppliers and downstream customers, and Māori water is the source of Māori water.
It's low, as can be seen from the financial data on China's Māori industry, which has dropped from more than 20% to the present, and the industry's Māori rate, which has steadily stabilized and has limited scope for decline. We see Māori rates in the services of Síochána and Wave Information in listed companies (where Māori rates in China ' s Māori ratio are based on high performance calculations of business plates).
The Māori rate for the goods has gradually stabilized, and there is limited scope for future declines (from 2017 to 2018, the Māori rate for wave information is, respectively, a 5-g increase in cloud computing capital expenditure and a 5-g increase in the server industry with the application of a rise-driven return to growth track. Clouds is an important purchaser in the server industry, with the last centralized procurement being around 2016, in line with the server ' s three-year update cycle.
Measuring that 2020-2021 is the time node for large-scale server updates, which can also be verified from financial data on capital expenditure by giants, and that the expected increase in capital expenditure by cloud giants will increase the volume of server output. At the same time, with the acceleration of the 5g construction process, the rise in post-5g applications will result in a surge in Internet traffic, a surge in data for data computing capacity, storage space, etc.
There is a large demand, so the increased demand for servers has also been boosted. (1) Capital spending by the North American cloud giants has been warming from q2 onwards. In 2019, capital spending by major cloud comptoirs, such as Amazon and Google, increased by 32.0 per cent and 26.4 per cent respectively (q2 growth - 10.0 per cent and +12.7 per cent, respectively).
Millions of dollars, up 57.4% from the same year, the capital of the cloud's giants began to warm, effectively pulling up the server's output. (2) After 5g, the surge in the flow of post-emergent traffic triggered the demand for servers. According to China's White Paper on the Smart Jane Network, the rapid spread of new operations such as 4k/8k, ultra-high-quality videos, vr, has led to a five-year growth in data flows across the network.
Ten times. In the 5g age, connectivity will increase 6.7 times the flow. By 2022, the world is expected to have 60+ big-flow-driven server procurement needs. According to search-fox-related reports, Beijing byte beats with big data, less than 30,000 servers were installed in early 2017, while the number of servers increased dramatically to 170,000 in 2018.
Today’s headlines and social media lines such as tremors, watermelon videos, etc. So we predict that the rise of applications after 5g will effectively boost the procurement needs of the servers. Intel Treasury data is coming at a further turning point in the server industry.
The fourth quarter saw a 48% increase in the sales of dcg to cloud service providers and a 45-point increase in the ring over the third quarter. The growth in revenue from cpu and dcg in Intel further confirmed the growth in the server industry.
2.2 The size of the domestic market will continue to grow rapidly in the future as the demand for storage rises further in the big data age, with a large storage market space and a legitimate rise in domestic producers with an overall external storage market of $3.2 billion, up 22.5 per cent over the same period.
National storage stores are rising rapidly. Foreign storage firms, although they are early in the country and have some advantages in storage technology, are rising rapidly. Overall, domestic storage markets have involved emc, ibm, netapp, fujitsu, hds, as well as a large number of domestic manufacturers: Hua, Haikang, Dawn, Wave, Xinhua, Xinhua, Xinhua.
At present, according to statistics for 2015-2016, domestic producers account for more than 50% of the entire market. Domestic stores have an advantage in the lower- and middle-end markets and actively infiltrate the upper-middle-end markets.
It is clear that domestic storage firms have an absolute advantage in low-end storage markets, and that foreign manufacturers have little to do with them, with Haikang and China taking the lead by relying on the dominant position of the control market, and in the middle storage market, where there is a place in the market, for example, in China, in the tide, in China, in China, in China, in the same way as in the high-end market.
On the market, foreign producers account for about 45 per cent of the market share, they have a greater advantage, domestic manufacturers have few entrants, and China, Dawn, and China have a certain share.
With the cloud age, distributed storage rises rapidly. Depending on the physical form of storage, data storage can be divided into centralized storage and distributed storage, where centralized storage is dominated by traditional storage arrays, distributed storage is dominated by software-defined storage. As cloud computing age approaches, distributed storage has the advantage of having a good horizontal extension, flexible and scalable, open boxes, low cost, etc.
A lot of Internet manufacturers favor it. While traditional storage has the advantages of stability, reliability, power and enrichment within an enterprise’s clientele, it is a market for cloudy trends and distributional storage.
3 company analysis: R & D is strong, more business is opening up, 3.1 leads in the development of high-quality genetic assistive products, and since its inception, the company has focused on computers and information systems and has developed high-end computers (including high-level computers).
Businesses capable of computer and universal server products, storage products and systems development, systems integration and IT services
The pace of growth continues to accelerate in several years. With investment in high R & D, the company has been very successful, with 187 new patent applications in 2018. The R & D results have been applied to the company ' s products to improve the competitiveness of the company ' s products. 3.2 Core assets are held up, and high-end computing products are re-opened.
According to the company announcement, the company currently holds 36.4% of the limited public department of Sealight Information Technology, and Sealight Information is currently the core asset of the country ' s cpu chip, which is an important supplier of national cpu, in addition to the flying and dwarves. Sealight is now progressing well, and it has been gradually turning since its establishment in 2014.
At a loss of profit, the first half of 2019 saw a gain of 230 million yuan, a 100% increase in the same year, a net profit of 70 million, a first-time gain, and a profit expected to increase significantly with the amount of chips produced. Sealight chips can be placed in the first echelon of the national chip.
Authorized, by reference to the parameters of the chip at md, the sea light chip is made in 14 nm, with a main frequency between 2 and 2.4 ghz, mainly applied in the server area, with performance leading in the same type of national chip.The physical list is expected to be phased out in 20 years, and the chip volume product will provide a profit elasticity for the company.
High-end computer business, because the company ' s cpu chips are mainly purchased from Intel and amd, and the list of entities influences the company ' s chip purchases. As a result, the company ' s single-quarter harvest slowed down in the third quarter of 2019, a 5.9 per cent increase compared to the same year, while the ratio of cargo to servers x 86 fell to 4 per cent, a 6.7 percentage point decrease in the ring comparison.
The list of entities is expected to be resolved in 20 years, and according to our grass-roots research, the company is now implementing a partial zero replacement programme to ensure smooth supply chain operations. If the sea light chip is released in 2020, the company will use its own self-produced chip to effectively increase the Māori rate of high-end computer operations, thereby providing performance elasticity.
The cpu chip, which usually accounts for about 30% of server costs (the cost of cpu using one and two cpu chips to measure the cost of the server because the server is currently concentrated in single and double-circuit servers), has the potential to increase the Māori rate of company server products based on value for money advantages.
3.3 With the rapid growth of cloud operations and the smooth progress of the dawn cloud, and with the gradual spread of cloud computing, government departments have integrated their future resources in the form of political clouds, such as machines, computing, storage, networking, security, application support, information, etc., which can provide government departments with infrastructure, support software, applications, etc.
In 2019, the market size of the country’s government cloud was 50.540 billion yuan, which, according to forecasts from the Information and Communications Technology Institute, will increase by more than 25% at a combined rate of 81.33 billion yuan yuan in 2021.
More than 40 urban cloud computing centres and more than thousands of industry cloud data centres operated in the remaining cities, with 134 software copyrights and over 1,200 government units, supporting over 5,000 government applications. The urban cloud project was fully operational throughout the country after the exploration of the profit model.
In March 2015, the company launched a “Data China” strategy to create a cloud data network covering China through the construction of a “100-city” cloud data centre. To further accelerate the progress of the city cloud project, the company launched a “Data China” in 2016.
The accelerated plan, using the urban partnership model, works with local cities to achieve rapid landings. To facilitate the management of local urban cloud projects, companies have incorporated affiliates from various local cities into the Dawn Cloud Calculating Group.
The calculation of the revenues and profits of the group can also be supported (At 2015-2018, a rapid increase was achieved in the revenue of the group, with revenues of 180 million in 2017 and 300 million in 2018, with an increase of 86 per cent and 72 per cent respectively).
Thanks to its excellent performance and branding over the past 10 years, the company was ranked third in the list of “Top 20 providers of China’s Parliamentary Cloud Solutions in 2019” that was selected in the weekly Internet publication. In the list of “Cloud platforms for security assessment through cloud computing services” published by the Central Information Office at the end of 2019, it was powered by China and China by China.
Successful security assessments, such as the sub-policial cloud platform (phase 2) and the e-government cloud platform of the Tinless City Clouds Centre, have rated the level of safety as “enhanced”, with a certain competitive advantage over other political clouds.
As can be seen from the statistics on idc, dawn is the third largest share of the high-end storage market. In the big data age, unstructured data at the pb scale are becoming more common, with 80% of the data, according to the relevant statistics, being unstructured.
According to idc's Quarterly Report on Market and Tracking of China's Software Definition Storage (sds) and Super-Integration Storage System, Third Quarter 2019, China's Share in Software Definition Storage in the first three quarters of 2019, Dawn
The company’s performance in the distributional storage market has largely benefited from the company’s Parastor storage product, based on the company’s big data storage and processing over the last 10 years, which is completely new and comprehensive to the characteristics of the big data age.
Optimized, fully autonomous, high-end storage systems for big-scale unstructured data. Parastor 300s is a classic product based on server construction, with multiple nodes constituting a hardware pool, integrated management of the hardware pool in the data-processing layer, a single naming space for the outside world, and cluster nas (nfs, cifs, ftp) in the application protocol layer.
The company's parastor product compares favourably with the Chinese océanstor and emc's isilon product, and has better access patterns, data node specifications, advanced functionality (additional data archiving engines and autopower control)
By virtue of its outstanding qualities, in 2019 the company relied on the parastor storage system to mark a large list in many fields, such as orbital traffic, biogenesis, gas elephants, energy, and finance. The dawn distribution storage product parastor, which provides a single project with a storage capacity of over 100 pb, supports the deployment of over 13,000 computing nodes, and is in the forefront of the industry.
Assumption 1: subject to the influence of the entity list, the company ' s shortage of chip raw materials led to a slowdown in business growth of 2019, with the physical inventory impact expected to be phased out in 2020. As the North American cloud calculates the growth in capital spending (the Amazon and Google capital began to grow by 32% and 26%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2019), the application of 5g has increased, and we expect the server industry to turn around.
At the same time, at the end of 2019, the company won a high-end computer bill of 1.6 billion, representing the 2020 high-performance computer business board, assuming that 3: the company's high-end computer software development, system integration and technology service operations, including mainly high-end computing machine software systems, urban cloud computing services, etc., the high-end computer software system increases with the high-end computer rolls, public
When we selected a share in the Chinese Great Wall (000006), Wave Information (000977), Purple Shares (000938), and Friends Network (600588), the above-mentioned companies and China Fong Guang are expected to perform at a relatively high annual rate of growth (cagr 35.3 per cent) in their operations and in the industries in which they are located, and are currently undervalued by only 50 times as much as they should have been in 2020.
The net profit of the mother maintains a compound growth rate of 35.3%. Given that the company holds cpu core assets and the sea light chip is expected to contribute profit elasticity in 20 years of real current production, while the company is well advanced in urban cloud and storage to the core of the infrastructure, the division should enjoy a certain valuation premium, taking into account the company ' s historical valuation (70-90 times) and giving it 2020.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.