002475.sz. ..procuring the integrated Thai product and the high growth of automobiles and odm.
Not to be smart enough to wear product capacity underutilize, the global layout has led to short-term excess domestic capacity and overseas s0980521080001 to acquire some of the products of Thai technology integrated and odm to grow rapidly.
On January 26, a news bulletin was set up to complete the acquisition of Ka Heung-seo, Shanghai and Shanghai News, 100% of the first payment of shares and the handover of the odm number 1 companies.
The global market is more than 20% in the global cellular odm business. Downstream customers include Samsung, Mi, etc. This acquisition could quickly increase the size and competitiveness of the company odm’s business.
In order to further upgrade technological innovation in the area of slm manufacturing in 3d incendiary materials, to expand the production of materials for applications in 30 consumer, auto electronics, medical, etc., the full-time Chinese technology subsidiary has a 52-week maximum/minimum price
Laser plans to establish Sioux Lihua Technologies Ltd., a sophisticated joint venture with its wholly-owned subsidiary, which is neutral, and which funds the RMB 60 million in monetary terms, or 30% of the registered capital. The joint venture will concentrate on the deep application of slm manufacturing technology in a number of industries and build technology-coordinated innovation poles.
The acquisition of Leni's share increased by more than 50% in automobile business 1025 on the same day, and the company's automobile business covered four broad product lines: car beams, car connections, smart controls, power systems. The client covered many headcarrying companies in the country and abroad. The company took full advantage of the amount accumulated in the area of consumer electronics and telecommunications and data centres.
In September of 24th, the company launched an acquisition operation against the German company ' s company, Leoni. This will not only help the company to improve its own operational efficiency and R & D.
Investment proposals: adjust profit forecasts to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We look forward to the long-term growth of the company, which is expected to be 25-27 years as a result of annual report disclosures.
Proficient news (002475.sz) - Purchase of the leoni to speed up to the head of the car tier1 with net profit of $160/94/235 million (25-26 years ago, $172/205 billion), with the same increase
Precision (002475.sz) - Re-launch of the fruit chain tap, car, communications combined, Figure 1: Operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Operating income and increase in single seasons (in billions, per cent)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject