On April 26, 2025, the top-secret announcement of the 2024 annual report, the first quarterly report of 2025 and the semi-annual performance forecast of 2025, the company achieved an operating income of $268.79 billion in 2024.
Net profit of 1,699 million yuan, an increase of 14.8 per cent over the same period, operating income of 61,79 billion yuan for the first quarter of 1q25, an increase of 17.9 per cent over the same period, net profit of 3.04 billion yuan to the mother, an increase of 23.2 per cent over the same period, smooth operation of the non-centrally diversified layout, and growing technological and product advantages
Rendering of $13.37 billion, an increase of 22.0 per cent over the same period, net profit from non-mortality of $11.69 billion, resulting in losses, short-term excess domestic capacity due to the global layout, and expanded pre-natal drops abroad, is now largely back to normal.
The growth of the consumer electronics, automobiles and communications industry was 17.9 per cent higher, with a net gain of $3.04 billion, an increase of 23.2 per cent in the same year, a net profit of $2.41 billion in the non-mortality of the same year, and an improvement in the cost of continuous efficiency management and human effectiveness.
Consumption of electronic plates, with revenue of $224.09 billion in 2024 and sustained rapid development, the Division opened a new chapter with a three-pronged strategy of “scenario ecology, ai empowerment, global synergy” and simultaneously with a two-wheel drive of “vertical integration plus landscape innovation” to complete parts and components in the areas of oem and odm
A full-chain break in the system programme, leading to a three-tier leap in business evolution: vertical extension of the odm product line to complete vertical integration of the "part parts module": horizontal and continuous promotion of customer business, enrichment of product types, nine product systems for a full-scale scenario, and coverage of smart homes, intelligence
Competing patterns, with electricity, light, heat, power sources, and system synergies, have constructed the full array of technical guidelines. Companies have significant technological and cost advantages in interconnected products, and currently 224g.
With regard to light-connected products, the company’s 800g silicon-light module is in its production phase, 1.6t
2. The troika is growing together, looking forward to a wave of ai, products are being validated by clients, while key technologies such as lro/lpo are being configured. In terms of heat management, the company has completed the development and coverage of the product line, with heat management in 2025.
In terms of power management, the company's three power sources have passed through its core customers in North America.
The company now has more than a dozen items in production or development in North America, hoping to use three power sources to influence the power of its customers in North America and to speed up the import of one and two power sources.
Keeping up the high rate of growth, which is more than 50% the same year. The product lines in the area of auto parts and components are extremely rich, with a large number of sub-products in each product category, and one of the largest producers of independent Chinese automobile parts and components suppliers.
In 2024, the company won the first of many new projects in China, and the market position became clearer. In the case of car connectors, high pressure connectors have stabilized as bulk deliveries in the head shop, while low pressure, high-speed connectors are in the mainstream.
In the area of smart control, the company's autonomously developed smart-assed driving, intellectual and cabin products are subject to project fixes for head customers. The bulk supply phase is expected to be in place in the fourth quarter of 2025.
In keeping with the trend, it is expected that in 2025 the company will achieve market demand in the area of smart chassis from zero to one by less than expected: market competition is more than expected: cost-side controls are less than expected: geopolitics use information on legal compliance, present this report independently and objectively, and use data and information from open market information, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.