Quality of communication (002475.ch): Multi-platform promotion — reiterating a well-structured “buy-in” rating: good performance is stable, long-term strategic approach is clear and strong. In 2024, companies consumed electronics, telecommunications, cars, etc.
On the basis of the growth logic of the big customers, it is expected that the company will be able to increase its profits in the future.
As one of the important beneficiaries of the 'i' era, the current market gain rate is 14.3 x, and the valuation is attractive. The average income and net profit for the single quarter are close to 20% higher.
The company's guide to a 22% increase in the median net profit in the second quarter of this year, close to the previous five quarters. This is largely due to the company's growth in the consumption of electricity, cars, communications, etc., and the company's Māori rate of 4q24 and 1q25.
In the first half of this year, profit guidelines were largely consistent with market convergence expectations. On the basis of performance and guidance for the last three quarters, we adjusted the company ' s profit projections for 2025 and 2026.
In the area of communications, the message focuses on high-speed interconnection products, deepening the layout of heat management, electricity management, etc. under the ai trend, and expanding the layout of marginal calculations. 3) The company's cabs, connectors, smart controls, etc.
• Valuation: we're using the segment plus general method to evaluate it in an accurate manner. We're giving each of us a stand-alone investment risk: demand for consumer electronics, such as smartphones, has recovered less than expected, increasing in the second half of the year.
The growth in domestic and foreign sales of new energy vehicles has been weak. Industry competition has increased again, and players’ profits have been depressed and recovery has been slower than expected.
== sync, corrected by elderman == @e @e @e_man
We use the sotp valuation method (sub-subparts, branch plus) to evaluate the accuracy of the message. We predict that the electronics, computers, cars, communications, industry and other industries that were used for the year 2025 will be very sophisticated.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
(a) Strong growth in end demand, such as smartphones and new energy vehicles;
(a) Upstream cost increases and insufficient action on the prices of corporate products;
The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have expressed and assured their right to receive this report in accordance with the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is prepared by the Group Information and other public information that is considered to have been collected from holders of the first category (securitization transactions) and the fourth category (opinion on securities) of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is only intended to provide information and cannot be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or investment in legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
For any recommendation, you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on the legal and related matters related to any of the transactions described in this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you shall not make any decision on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the basis of the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which can be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations, and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pui Jin International.
(collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies referred to in this report or in relation to them, and may from time to time buy or sell.