On August 11, 2025, high-end crystals in high-profile positioning, d9 domestic and foreign sales performance: high-powered cars were created in 2010.
Biadi (stock code: 002594.sz) 50 per cent of the company ' s funding each with Demoller, the first Chinese brand focusing on new energy vehicles was released in 2012 and the company increased its stock to 90 per cent in 2021, with absolute control and lead.
Every year, n7, n8, z9gt is on the market, becoming the world’s first plentiful brand of mpv, suv, full car cover-up, new energy car. The brand is located in a high-end public consumer market of $2.5-500 million.
In the company's product system, the average price was about 380 million in May 2025, after Hong Munjio, which is well above the high brands of bba and Volvo, and is the first class of luxury brands. The star product d9 is a major part of the current sales, leading the country to new energy through the product power of a fully leading fuel car competition.
In 2023 and 2024, the market expanded to the top of China’s full product category mpv for the second year in a row. In 2024, d9 began to globalize, followed by Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, etc., and entered the European market, with excellent results, and in 2025 h1 broke the Japanese monopoly and became Thailand, India, Thailand, Thailand, India.
Qin JiQuan, the luxurious mpv sales champion of Malaysia’s market, created a global high-end brand image. Security is for the heart, technology is for the core, and the group brings with it a strong branding of technology.
The group, which is at the heart of the company’s high-end market expansion, has benefited fully from the technology and skills of the group’s high-level R & D inputs to create global leadership in proactive security through the eye-b, easy-to-triangular technologies, and has been able to achieve stable post-movine control of 140km/h high-speed vehicles.
Showing confidence in smart technology, moving on to the company's dlink smart cabin system to achieve a full-scale intelligent exchange, with the cloudy-a system bringing comfortable driving experience. In power systems, the company's dm5.0 system technology evolves, Necd's fuel consumption is reduced by 10%, industry records are updated, and the new generation of super-e platforms are launched.
With a megawatt flash, the fastest charge rate of global output – five minutes and 400 kilometers, technological advances in corporate power systems are expected to gradually give up brands and continue to upgrade their technological attributes. There are good prospects for domestic and foreign outreach, with 230,000 vehicles expected to be sold in 2025.
The suv market is characterized by a large and fragmented pattern of market competition, with a strong force of n9 products reaching the first class of industry and differentiated competitive advantage through innovative technologies such as triangulation, and n8l is expected to continue with a relatively deep 300-percent pattern.
N9 is a strong product, with a strong potential for growth. d9 is expected to continue its mpv leader position in the country, and to generate additional exports through sustained overseas expansion. Also, z9gt, b5 (Equal Leopard 5) foreign lights will continue to fill up the branded overseas vehicle-type matrix and build the global luxury brand poles.
In 2025, 230,000 brands were sold, of which 125,000 were sold by d9 (110,000 in the country and 15,000 in the country), 50,000 were sold by n9, 30,000 were sold by n8l, and the bulk of the increase in sales was contributed by n9&n8l. New technologies, such as intelligent assistive driving, have not developed as much as expected.
Catalog high-end branding, d9 high-profile domestic and foreign sales (i) cover 250,000-500,000 price-a-half million full-products, with product prices exceeding bba, Tesla
In more than 10 years of its existence, in 2021, the company took control and entered a rapid period of development, with high-end and globalisation and growth towards a global new energy luxury brand. In 2012, it was first established with a memorandum of understanding signed in 2010 between the company and Daimler and a joint venture to set up Shenzhen Dia Dimler New Technologies, with 50% shares each, and in 2012 the joint venture launched China ' s first special project.
Markets are underdeveloped, consumers are less receptive, high-end brand market expansion is less effective, and, due to a similar level of voice in joint ventures, the early stages of the development of new energy vehicles have been poorly reconciled and the pace of strategic adjustment has been lagging, resulting in slower branding. In 2021, companies grew up to 90% of their stockholdings, began to assert a monopoly on dialogue, and branding began to grow with the company’s master brand.
In line with the company’s forward-looking pace of new energy technology development and market expansion, branding became China’s mpv full-market champion for two consecutive years in 2022 through the first high-end mpv. In 2023, the stimulant branding product matrix was rapidly enriched, and in 2023, the suv product n7, n8,2024 came on the market z9gt, the first global coverage of the mpv, suv, sedan.
In October 2024, it was launched on the Singapore market, it opened up globalization and quickly entered markets such as Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia, Europe, high-end globalization and combined to drive the growth of new energy luxury brands around the world. In the 15 years of its existence, nearly 30,000 people have been involved in a team of project engineers, with a cumulative investment of $30 billion in research and development.
High-end energy market labels. Figure 1: Upward brands in over a decade, fast-growing with corporate control in 2021, high-end and globalisation and global growth towards new energy luxury brands with clear brand positioning, high-end price positioning of $2.5-500 million with the public consumer market in the company ' s product system
The company has five brands of dynasty, ocean, equation leopard, stomping, looking up, brand positioning and price belts, with a clear distinction between high-end mass consumer markets with a high price belt of $2.55 million, price belts separated from dynasty, sea, lookout, low product overlap, product style and equation leopards, and strong brands defined within the company ' s product system.
Clear position, with a distinct feature, allows companies to refine their capabilities and avoid “hand-to-hand” internal product systems. The company gained control of the dominant brand, which gave rise to a dynamic brand, and a rapid push to raise the average monthly sales of the dominant brand after the D9 market. The average monthly sales were less than 1,000 before 2021, and one, and the company gained the brand-to-manufacture in 2021, led to the rejuvenation of the brand.
In 2022, after the introduction of a change in brand control, the first product rose to a boom, pushing the average monthly sales of brands up to 10,000 cars, reshaping brand image, and successfully increasing brand influence in high-end luxury markets. Figure 3: Average monthly sales of brands up to 10,000 cars after the launch in 2022.
The current product spectrum is now complete, covering cars, suv, mpv, n8l, which will continue to be marketed to enrich the product matrix.
The layout, the car and the mpv product are balancedev&phev, and the medium-sized suv focuses on phev, and the company's next new item N8l will be on the market in the second half of the year, and it is expected that it will continue to enrich the corporate product matrix and enhance the potential for growth in corporate sales.
High-end brands are worth far more than bba, Tesla, and are on the top line of China’s luxury brands. According to the EasyList, in May 2025, the average price of high-value brands was about 380 million, followed only by Hong Ming’s intellectuals, well beyond high-end brands such as bba, Volvo, Tesla, and they are fully plentiful in terms of their attributes, and secure the first line of China’s luxury brands.
(ii) Star product d9 is at the forefront of the domestic mpv market, and the growth of globalization has been remarkable. d9 is a major part of high brand product, contributing to high brand sales. Since it was marketed, d9 has been a high brand, with 56,000 cars sold in 2025.
Trendd9 is a full-scale lead in fuel car competitions, a downside blow, and a combination of fleeting, intelligent, etc., through continuous rotational upgrades. Tentd 9 first-generation products are a full-time leader in prices, space, power, fuel consumption, intelligence, and a lower-intensity blow to the fuel mpv market, but the intellectualization of early products is a better leader of the new energy market than in the same period.
With the relative weakness of the pioneers, and with the continuous upgrading of the mpv market, 2025 surged d9 has significantly increased its intellectual performance, supporting memory, high-level intellectual assistive driving such as parking, assistive circuits, and high-speed noa, and increasing product hardness. Tight d9 led the expansion of the new energy mpv market, leading to the top sales of China’s full product class mpv in 2023.
After China’s new energy penetration rate of less than 5% in the mpv market, which rose to the market in September 2022, with an advantage of a preponderant price margin, it quickly became a market bursting product, led to the expansion of the new energy mpv market, and pushed the new energy penetration rate of the mpv market to grow rapidly. In 2023, it became China’s first full-product class mpv market champion, pushing the new energy penetration rate of the mpv market to reach a full-year mpv market.
23.1 per cent, year-on-year +13.6pt. Tightened to 9 mpv market champions in 2024 and stagnated to the top of the big mpv market sales list in the first half of 2025. Tight to 101,000 in 2024, tumble to mpv market champions, and high to 9 in the first half of 2025.
510,000 vehicles, second in the full class of mpv market sales, are second only to Mitsubishi macrolight. If only the medium size of mpv is taken into account, the trend d9 remains at the top of the sales list and the market is strong. In addition, Trend d9 received the mpv premium, the user satisfaction champion for two years in a row in 2023-2024, achieving the mpv sales, the premium, the user satisfaction “triple crown” and the product's endorsement.
d9 The expansion of globalization has been impressive, breaking the Japanese monopoly in South-East Asia and creating a high-end global brand image. d9 As a top-notch brand, it has made a difference in the expansion of globalization, and in the first half of 2025, it became a luxuries mpv sales champion in Thailand, India, Nigeria and Malaysia, breaking the Japanese monopoly and becoming Indonesia's top consumer in the first half of the year.
In Hong Kong and Australia, Trendd9 won two championships on the market for new energy mpv sales and national production mpv sales in the first half of 2025, and created Hong Kong's cumulative number one electric mpv.
Hong Kong tvb has chosen d9 as a private driver, and D9 has successfully set the global high-end brand image base for high-profile sales in overseas markets. d9 export sales have risen rapidly, and higher overseas start-up prices have further enhanced the high-end brand image.
The positive results of overseas market expansion were a rapid rise in the volume of d9 exports, which reached 1576 in June 2025 and ranked among the top high-end luxury products in the country. Trend d9 sold in overseas markets at significantly higher prices than in the domestic market, where Singapore sold more than 1.6 million yuan, exceeding the local price of Toyota Elfa (approximately 1.4 million yuan), further raising the global brand.
Second, security for the core, technology for the core, and group empowerment for the branded strong technological attributes (i) security: balance passive security for the master, eye-b & easy to create active security, high-intensity body.
& ctb secures passive safety, raises brands with the Eye-b smart drive system, and achieves the first line of power in the industry. Apart from the d9 low formulation (no laser radar), the whole product is branded with the Eye-b smart drive system, using the Inveldorin chip and laser grenade.
Da, which is capable of achieving high-level intellectually assisted driving functions such as urban pilot aid, high-speed pilot aid, passenger parking, etc., is already in the first line of industry. Figure 12: Powerful products are equipped with eye-b intellectual driving systems capable of achieving high-level intellectually assisted driving functions such as urban pilot aid, surrogate parking, etc.
It's a three-way technology, with a narrow turn radius, giving products greater security attributes and motivation, and creating smart driving experiences like three-way parking aids, circular shifts, smart crabs, and intelligent drifting. The three-way technology is a company-owned smart-control platform, dedicated to high-profile brands, with a first-time launch in a voltage z9gt, and then a first-time launch into a dot n9. The three-way technology combines three power units independently.
The move and back-wheel binoculars can move independently to technology to achieve the smallest 4.62 m turn radius of a global level-d vehicle, which, in terms of safety properties, is sufficient to achieve stable vehicle control through the intelligent distribution of power under a high-speed flat tire and can achieve a maximum industrial safety speed of 140 km/h, as well as a more stable drive on low-lying roads such as ice and snow, water surfaces; and, in terms of power properties, three power lines.
The engine provides a more dynamic power to achieve a zero-percent acceleration level of 3s; in intelligent properties, thanks to innovative technology that has been transferred from the independent control of three power units to the independence of the rear wheels, the three-way platform is able to achieve unique parking aids, head first into the parking space, back wheels are “rolled” through easy technology, spaces for parking are reduced, and there is also innovation for circular reversals (the previous wheel was a self-defined angle of the feeder), intelligence.
Experience with crab lines (15° maximum angle), intelligent drift, etc. Figure 13: Ingenious driving experiences such as three-way technology, easy three-way parking aids, circular reversals, smart crab lines, etc. Official commitment to safe parking for smart cars, leading the way to a class-I4 smart parking that demonstrates the company's ability to support intelligent driving.
On July 9, 2025, the company announced a critical breakthrough in its smart parking scene, leading the world to achieve intelligent parking at a level similar to that of L4, and committed itself to the following: "In the Chinese market, the safety and loss of all the users of the sun's eye vehicles in a smart parking scene is an expression of the firm's absolute technical confidence in the eyes of the gods, and the first case of a z9gt hang-up has been fulfilled.
Figure 14: Official commitments to secure smart parking, leading the way to a class-I4 smart parking, which since 2025 has been continuously upgraded by ota, and technologically intelligently advanced since 2025. Through continuous ota push, the ability to create intelligent brands has improved significantly, for example, through intelligent search vehicles, sentry models, assistive changes.
Use high-intensity body-to-ctb battery-to-body integration technology to upgrade the passive safety properties of the product.
By 91.5%, the maximum body strength exceeds 40400mpa. The battery structure is fully integrated with the ctb battery body, it is stymied, it is stymied, it is experiencing a 15% reduction in intrusions, and it has a 32% reduction in flank intrusions. (ii) Smart cabin & bottom plate: dlink achieves an intelligent interaction and cloud system improves driving comfort.
Smart seats: dlink smart seat creates smart spaces to achieve full-scale iA smart interaction. Trench brands use the company dlink smart module, with a 4nm flag cabin chip, with full-blooded deepSeek, full-scale iA smart interaction, and on hardware floors, side-driving screens, 50 inches ar-hud, rectangular liquid crystal air-conditioning control panels, back-to-back mirrors, and out-to-back mirrors.
The software level also enables hand-car interconnections, non-mike song, painting of ai, multiple-car flow connections, and so on, softly, smart chassis: cloud-a system integration smart perception technology, anti-negative control technology and high-level control technology, global smart wing seating, and driving comfort. The cloud-a system is a company-owned smart air body control system developed by electromagnetic valves.
A cdc air hangar system with multi-college air springs that integrates intelligent sensing, anti-negative control and high-level control techniques, is the result of an automatic adjustment to vehicle height. In addition, the company has created a global smart side seat, which is designed through a shared airway design, supports the dynamic adjustment of the waist, significantly improves the packaging and comfort of mountain-driving, and carries a cloud-a system with an N9 profile.
Ninety-seven per cent, with a drop of 11.9 per cent, and a real-time response to 150ms. In addition, in 2025, the Shanghai Car show-up concept began.
The continuous evolution of the Dm and e platforms in terms of energy consumption and energy supplementation is expected to enhance branding and promote brand technology attributes. The power systems of the dynamic brand products are the same as those of the group, the phev products use dm systems, and the ev products are based on pure power e platforms.
Four times in 2024, the company released the fifth generation dm technology on 28 May 2024, and the dm 5.0 technique evolved on 5 August 2025. Necd suffered a further 10 per cent loss of electricity, refreshed to 2.6l, and created a global record. The new generation of super-e-plate was released on 17 March 2025, which introduced flash batteries, 30,000 power transformers and a new generation of carbonized silicon-powered chips capable of
One megawatt of power charge, one second of the world's peak output charge, and the fastest of the world's output charge - five minutes flash, 400 kilometres open, with a single-module single-power power of 580kw, with a maximum speed of 300 km/h, first-time in Hanl, Tangl. A breakthrough in corporate power system technology is expected to take place gradually.
(i) There is a greater potential for growth in sales of N9/n8l in the domestic market, and for a further 250,000-500,000 yuan worth of market space in the overseas market vehicle matrix, which offers greater potential for increasing sales of brand names.
The product is located in a 300,000-500,000 price belt and is located in a large market space; in 2024, a 2.5 million-400,000 price belt was used to create a larger new energy market, with a strong brand product facing some market competitive pressure, but a larger market sales base also provides a market entry environment for high brand products; and a 400,000-500,000 price belt is used for current new energy sources.
The low penetration rate, the existence of greater market entry opportunities, the insufficient competition in the price segment, the potential for market expansion, and the potential for strong brands to increase the volume of sales of the product in the price band. phev markets in b+ level suv have large and fragmented market characteristics, with higher n9 and n8l.
A good competitive market environment, good prospects for market expansion, a strong d9 leader, and more sustainable sales. In the first half of 2025, the market for ev in the b+ saloon, the market for phev in b+ suv, and the market for phev in mpv were relatively large; and the market for phev in b+ suv was available in the context of the current competition patterns in the individual market segments.
The large size of the market, the more fragmented nature of the competition pattern, the better competitive environment for the market, the presence of companies on the market, N9 and N8l (forthcoming listing), the good prospects for product market expansion, the high potential for volume growth, the more concentrated pattern of competition in the phev market in mpv, the firm ' s star product, d9 is firmly in the vanguard, and sales are more sustainable.
N9 is in the first line of the industry, and innovative technologies like triangulation offer a different competitive advantage, and n8l is expected to continue the competitive edge of the product, with a greater potential for growth in sales of n9 and n8l. Compared to the ideal l9, m9 of the competitive model of the market’s hot market, Q9 of the world, Q900 of the world, Quantn9 of space, smart cabins, etc., can reach the first level of the industry, and benefit from being easily triangular.
The representative’s innovative technology, n9, has a clear edge in power and a differentiated competitive advantage in safety (side-rolling, flat tire stabilization, etc.), flexibility (minimum turn-over radius of level D, circular reversal, etc.), and is expected to continue the strong product strength of n9. With the differential competitive advantage of innovative technologies, such as product hard power and easy triangulation, N9 and N8l sales are expected to increase significantly.
z9gt continues to expand the European market, and b5 (Equal Leopard 5) complements the overseas product matrix. In April 2025, he launched the "Extra-Technology, Driver of Luxury" brand launch in Midland, Italy, and officially entered Europe, while z9gt is still in Milan to design a new model for globalization, which will be launched after D9 and will land on the British Goodwood Speed Festival in July.
In addition, the Equator Leopard 5 has been performing a static display at the Goodwood Speed Festival, named with a high b5, supplementing the overseas product matrix, and expanding the overseas market with the global influence that brands have created. (ii) The expected sales of 230,000 vehicles in 2025 will continue to build luxury brand poles.
In 2025, 230,000 brand sales are expected, with N9 and N8l contributing a major increase, continuing the consolidation of luxury brand poles. In 2025, the volume of domestic sales is expected to be 11,000, with an export rate of 15,000 and a rapid increase in the second half of the year, with an expected annual sales volume of 50,000, with N8l expected to continue with a strong N9 product and a good market expansion prospects, with a projected annual sales volume of 30,000, N9 and N8l million.
With a major increase in the number of high-profile brands, a rise in the number of high-profile brands, a rise in the number of top-level mpv markets and a sustained expansion abroad, it has helped to strengthen the position of luxury market labels. The high-end brands of companies, with their high-tech attributes, have created security through such technologies as the eyes of the gods, easy triangulation, cloud systems, ctb, etc.
For Ben's luxury products, the product is highly competitive in the market and has a strong potential for growth, and the firm is expected to continue to grow with robust growth in the middle and lower-end brands of the company, the ocean. The company is expected to earn $994.027 billion in 2025-2027, the absolute valuation method: the absolute valuation method of dcf is used, with positive and negative fluctuations of 0.5 per cent in the weighted average capital cost (wacc),
In the case of a sustained growth rate of (g) plus or minus 0.5 per cent, the reasonable value range of the company is $131.25 to $153.87 per share, corresponding to the municipality The relative valuation method: the company is valued relatively using the pe valuation method, the company is selected for a and h shares in a car-to-car run-up company Gilly, Chang An, Ideal Motors, Cyrus as a comparable company, which is now higher than the company, mainly by the company Pe.
The market for new brands is already in place, and the market for new brands may run the risk of not expanding as expected, affecting the growth of brand sales and consequently the growth of corporate performance; 2. Risk of increased competition in the market.
(c) New technologies such as smart assistive driving are less likely to develop than expected. New technologies, represented by intelligent assistive driving, have high technical barriers, difficult R & D, and less advanced technology R & D than is expected to affect the productivity of the company’s products, and consequently the market for corporate products.
I am committed to presenting this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.