High-end strategy: Science and technology security together, re-engineering new energy sources.
Juan Xiaoyan, research assistant Hu Jinjun.
• Three high-end brands with a clear division of labour, a strong push to take on scale, an equation leopard to release its incremental potential and look forward to setting technical poles.
Continue with the gradual refinement of the product matrix to roll out the z9gt/z9 limo and land at n7, n8 and n9 suv; the equation leopard opens the Blue Sea with $150,000-450,000 in "Technology+Technology + Waves", the first-car 5 out of sight, 24q4 with the hard-core flag seal 8 and titanium 3 in 25 years for young people
u8, u9 and u7 are super-high-end markets, with a core goal of setting technical poles and raising overall brand premiums. In terms of sales, three major brands, between 2025h1 and 140,000, relied on a single core in 2023, and the equation leopards began to release incremental elasticity in 2024.
The core competitiveness of Biadi's high-end brands is “technology plus security”, forming a complete link from technological breakthroughs to the scene. 1) The Smart Mind system, version a (three lasers + two chips) is used to look up and achieve global noa and complex parking; b version (single-laser radar) is mounted.
(ii) Power systems: autonomous development of transvestite/triangular and dmo hybrid platforms that significantly enhance driving control and flexibility
and security; 3) smart chassis: self-researching the cloud ceilings, actively adjusting the hangars through algorithms, widening the control performance boundary. 4) smart cabin: with the dilink platform as the lower level, sharing voice interaction, multiscreening, ota upgrades, etc., and different customizations.
• High-end vehicle sales have a high potential for growth and high profitability. We expect to expand overseas in 25/26 and export sales to remain high. 2) Equator Leopards: 17.26 million in 25/26, titanium 3 starting in April 25, with sales reaching 21,000 in the first half of the year, and titanium 7 in the future.
Sales are also reduced by 82%, and there is still potential for growth in the future. On the profit side, high-end brands are less likely to drop prices, and we expect the average car profit to be about $40,000 (general model 0.2-030,000), Biadi (002594); sales in July 2025.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s 25-27 year profit forecast, projected 25-27. Biadei (002594); May sales rating: continued strong exit performance, price reduction promotion driving the mainland
In recent years, Biadi has demonstrated a clear strategic intent and technical strength in the construction of a new energy luxury matrix. Deep farming in the area of new energy sources has enabled Biadi to have a systematic product layout, in addition to the Biadi flag line of the dynasty and the ocean series.
Biadi's high-end market layouts, equation leopards, looking at three brands, covering a variety of sub-markets, are shaped into a differentiated competition pattern. 1.1. High-end brand matrix: sturdy plate, equation leopards, looking at plastic peaks.
The Biadi high-end path presents a “three-legged” pattern: a push to take on scale support, and an equation leopard to release its incremental potential, looking up for technical poles. Overall, a push to ensure scale and slogans, an equation leopard to provide incremental and elasticity, looking up to technology and brand heights, and a three-pronged push to move the Biadi high-end strategy into a full-down phase.
As the core vehicle of Biadi's high-end strategic layout, with its Benz brand base and its deep technology build-up, it took the lead in the market for high-end new energy vehicles. In 2022, the first high-end mpv model d9 was launched, and it was rapidly marketed, with excellent spatial performance, luxury interiors.
In 2022-2023, Biadi’s leading mix and pure power technology, China’s annual market sales, premium rates, and user satisfaction for two consecutive years, broke a 20-year market monopoly and set up a good reputation for branding. At present, the stimulant product matrix covers the sedan, suv, and mpv classes, and the flagship mpvd9 continues to grow deep commerce and production.
Outside the market for family travel, following up with the introduction of large product lines in 2025, i.e. n7, n8 and n9, respectively, the same time as the high-profile official announcement that N8l will be on the market at 26q2. In September and November 2024, it launched z9gt/z9 to locate limo collars, further refine product layouts, consolidate its position in high-end markets, and continue to act as the best in Biadi.
The equation leopard brand, based on its unique position as a cross-country + technology + tide, quickly opened up a segmented blue sea. It was officially marketed in Japan, and then released quickly, with a total of 48,913 in 2024 and a total of 48,913 in 2024.
Leopard 5 has been built as a brand-opening tool based on a dmo super-mixed cross-country platform that combines good cross-country performance with new energy technologies, meets the needs of cross-country fans and individualized consumers, and has succeeded in shaping the brand image.
"L" features such as the hard-core flag seal, which was listed in q4 in 2024, which continues and upgrades the race gene of the panther 5: "The titanium series" focuses on the technical properties of the current, the titanium 3 and titanium 7 schemes for young consumers, and titanium 7 is officially offline on August 12th. The equation leopard, in an environment of intense competition for new energy, coincides with the current year of car consumption.
On April 18, 2023, the first u8 was launched at the Shanghai Car Fair and opened a pre-sale on September 20, the same year.
In April, 5,000 deliveries were made, and the fastest sales of China's million-grade suv were recorded, highlighting a powerful market appeal. u8 built up a technical pole based on a four-tier power plant, independent control technology, and a million-degree luxury configuration and extreme performance.
u7, u8 and u9, respectively, precisely cut into the three high-end compartments of the flag sedan, hard-to-field and pure-power races, not with the primary objective of selling, but with the best technological strength of the product, the entire Biadi has been significantly enhanced, brand premium capacity and industry influence, helping Biadi to stand firm in the global high-end car market and show the world.
China’s new energy vehicles are highly technologically attractive to Orientian brands. After that, it looks forward to continuing to deepen its field of high-end technology, launching new products that lead the industry, and consolidating its leading position in high-end markets.
By 2023, it was seen as the starting point for high-end corporateization, with equation leopards, upswings, and looking to a large number of new products moving to the market, leading to a significant increase in sales. The three major brands have risen further to 142,000 as China became a partner vehicle and as internal reforms worked.
In comparison, the share of high-end brands in total sales has been 0.5% in 2022, and in the high-end brand system, the trend remains the current core of sales, while the equation leopards are gradually showing a much stronger potential for growth. In 2022-2023, high-end brand sales were almost entirely reliant on high-end sales, which remained at 90% in the long run.
From 2024 onwards, the Equator Leopard has been running a new model in line with the lookout, gradually shifting the high-end brand sales structure from one to one, to a two-core pattern of "Treasure + Equator Leopard". To 2025h1, the number of pushes, equation panthers, lookouts amounted to 7.98 million, 6.07 million and 0.08 million, respectively, representing 56 per cent, 43 per cent and 1 per cent of the total; among them, the number of pushes was high.
"Technology + Security" dual-nuclear drive, redefining the high-end moat system: the eyes of the gods are powerful, driving a class 1-4 smart parking.
In the high-end flagship area, the eyes of the gods (three laser versions) have been tasked with setting technical poles. Using three laser radars and a two-nvidiaorin-x chip, the top hardware configuration is not only urban + high-speed.
Noa's global navigation capability also allows complex parking to be performed in combination with a transvestite system, with the most comprehensive functionality in the industry. This edition is used mainly in the multi-million-grade vehicle type of u8 (including u8l), u9 and u7, highlighting Biadi's technical hardness in the high-level intellectual drive. In the middle- and high-level mainstream market, the eyes of the gods b became large-scale.
Light radars, monoorin-x chips, and 28 sensors, which combine performance and cost and provide city/high speed noa with three-way parking, continuous crab lines, etc. The full-scale vehicle type carries the program, both to ensure high-end market competitiveness and to promote the speed of Biadi's intelligent landings. At the popular level, the eyes of the gods c.
Cost control through pure visual programs and horizon j6m chips is the key to Biadi's drive for a "cademic drive." Although the algorithm and sensor specifications are lower than the previous ones, they still cover most of the day-to-day needs of high-speed noa, surrogate parking and commuting models. The version has been mounted on the Leopard 5 low-pixer and titanium 3, driving smart drivers.
In general, the three-tier version of the eyes of the gods has created full-chain coverage from the flagship to the mainstream to the universal: a version, building ceilings, b-store sales, c-editing, and three-tier synergies have not only enabled Biadi to be a part of the world.
The ability to compete for competitions like ads, idealadmax, etc., has accelerated the whole picture of Biadi's intellectual driving technology, and the company has taken the lead in achieving a level-I4 smart parking and has committed itself to a high level of confidence in intelligent driving. On July 9, 2025, the company announced that it was taking the lead globally in achieving a class-I4 smart parking, and committed itself to:
The Chinese market has a full picture of the safety and loss of all Sunshine vehicle users in the landscape of smart parking. Figure 5: Official commitments to secure smart parking, leading the way to a level-I4 smart parking, 2.2. Power systems: unique four/three power machines + self-researched dmo technology
Biadi continues to promote the technological diversity of the e platform, focusing on upgrading the intellectual control and power performance of the entire vehicle. It has been shaped into two core structures, namely, the "trilateral" and the "quadros" that cover mainstream and high-end markets respectively. Together, they support high-end brands such as tidalism, equation leopards, and look-up, creating lower-level technological barriers to Biadi's intellectual and dynamic performance.
Equivalence: A flagship structure with a high performance and redundancy security. Equivalence is the four-power independent power-driven structure launched by Biadi for high-end markets. It is the only new energy-powered platform in the industry to achieve "full redundancy security plus extreme performance". At its core, it is independent control of four wheels that can complete torque allocation and four-wheel vector control at the millisecond level.
In an extreme scenario, the Quadrant displays the ability of the industry to maintain the balance and control of a vehicle through a surplus. In addition, it is mandated by its differential control strategy.
In positioning the platform, it is not only a performance and safety technical pole, but also an important enabler of Biatti's upward breakthrough, which supports a full series of cars and strengthens its "tech flagship" image.
Figure 6: Four power platforms independently drive structures, Figure 7: Four-way platform power-driven total system
A three-way positioning mainstream, with a programme that is off-road, balancing performance with cost by streamlining the number of power units, optimizing the logic of control, highlighting energy efficiency and reliability, and is suitable for scale applications, with e-platforms of 3.0/4.0 at the core, with batteries, motors, high-level integration of electrical controls.
Batteries are integrated with 800vsic high-pressure platforms, which significantly reduce energy losses. They are now applied to the power of pure electric vehicles (n7, n8ev high-performance version, d9ev). Figure 8: Creative triangular technology, leading to intelligent driving experiences such as three-way parking aids, circular shifts, smart crab lines, etc.
The triad not only emphasizes efficiency and integration, but also displays far-reaching security features in the extreme tests. At the time of the triangulation, on April 16, the safety of the triad was confirmed by the Chinese Air Research Authority: Teng 9 completed the hook test at 180 km/h per hour, refreshing the global record, while its elk test at 85.7 km/h updated the suv escape speed record.
Full-scale breakthroughs have benefited from several advanced core technology platforms and multi-dimensional security system security in Biadi.
dmo super-mixing cross-country platform: performance versus energy efficiency. Dmo platform from mature dm-i, dm-p plug-in techniques in the dynasty/ocean series is a re-extension and vertical upgrading of Biadi's hybrid structure, built for new energy hardware suv.
The engine is power-driven, power-driven, and supports a pure power/mixing switch that can be used both for urban commuters and for long-distance passages. The power drive brings silence and smoothness, while ensuring hard cross-country nuclear performance with energy savings and comfort, and should now be used in the equation Leopards' titanium series.
2.3. Smart chassis: The cloudy active hangar integration perception-decision-execution layer, the cloudy system, achieves cross-cutting integration control. As Biadi self-researched smart chassis control system, the cloud has taken the lead in achieving deep integration and coordination of three-way dynamics: horizontal (turn), vertical (drive/brand), inclined (suspension)
Like control. The Benz-like magic body, the Lugger's all-terrain feedback system. It combines comfort, manipulation, and cross-country passivity through intelligent regulation of the height of the hangar, the barrage, and the like.
Trend 9, highlighting comfort versus value, carrying cloud-c smart resistance body control systems based on cdc (continuable retrenchable) technology dynamics to adjust suspensions; moving n7, n8 to cloud-a, taking into account the comfort and passivity of luxury suv. Smart air vehicle body control systems, equipped with hangar high-altitude, welcome posture, carrier mode, turnover.
Capabilities such as attitude optimization; equation Leopard 5, Leopard 8 and Yotsu 8, with smart hydraulic body control systems capable of achieving pre- and four-wheel simultaneous lifts and single-wheel high-altitude independent adjustments to meet more comprehensive comforts and extremes, towards the flag ship and hard-pitched off-country scenes; and looking up to u9 with clouds and x to demonstrate maximum R & D capabilities (e.g., "Vehicle jumps"
Dancing "three wheels" ; looking at u7 starts with cloudy-z, using a suspended machine to fasten the adjustment response up to 10 milliseconds, full electricization and energy recovery on the current chassis. The overall formation of a complete spectrum system from mainstream to flag ship, from practical to forward.
Smart pods are combinated: customizes the bottom of the same source dilink+ to achieve a vertical layer of brands that meets the needs of different consumer groups. ai is no longer just a motor function, but a first touch to connect the user to the vehicle. Based on the unified bottom of the dilink platform, the following core capabilities are shared: human interaction such as voice assistants, multiple screen interactions, motors and cars
Sub-software allows eco-openness compatible with Andre's application ecology, with a robust upgrade capability, and sustainable evolution of vehicle functions. At the same time, hardware technology is strong, and hardware such as a large-scale rotation control screen, an all-liquid crystal instrument, anar-hud, etc. is widely available to meet user immersion experiences.
Differential positioning: three product lines are stylized, and the ai-driven scene is on the ground. It's more like "a luxury mpv/suv that takes care of the whole family and business users." The cabin is not just a car, it's a mobile space.
Mobile living room and office; dilink in the equation leopard serves as the "tool counter in the cockpit." The screens show the top corner of the vehicle, the depth of the water, the pressure of the tires in real time. The screens present cross-country information on the top corner, the depth of the water, the pressure of the tires in real time.
Positioning is the “Technology Flagship”, which has an intelligent wing with the eyes of the angels and a high power level. With the power of the “ai mind to drive the center”, Hud presents real-time information on sensors and power distribution, the aid model is connected to the engine, engine, chassis, and mood lights of the track mode, bringing with it a immersion driving experience.
3. High-end vehicle sales have a high potential for growth and high profitability. 1) Upward: an estimated 19.29 million vehicles are sold in 25/26, N9 will be marketed in March, and N8l will contribute to a 26-year increase. Trendn 9 will be sold in March of 25th year and has been sold in the first six months of the year, amounting to 16,000.
Half-yearly, 25 vehicles are expected to be sold at a rapid rate of 48,000 and an estimated 58,000 for 26 years. N8l will be on the market in 26 years, with an estimated 60,000 for 26 years. d9 is at the forefront of the domestic mpv market and continues to expand overseas and has entered several areas, including Hong Kong, China, Cambodia, Singapore, Thailand.
Market, export sales have continued to rise. 3) Looking forward: 25 years of excess car sales are affected by consumer taxes, and there is potential for future growth. 25h1 looks at 1003 vehicles, or 82% less. Since July 25 years, the luxury car consumption tax has been reduced from 1.3 million to 0.9 million and
For the first time, the inclusion of new energy sources in the tax range may affect the sale of extra luxury vehicles. We expect the average single-car profit of high-end brands to be about $40,000 per vehicle in 25/26, far better than the average one-car profit.
The profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s 25-27-year profit forecast, and are expected to return 25-27-year-old net-profit cars, long-ann vehicles, ideal cars, Gilly cars as comparable companies, with a 25-year average value compared to the company ' s 25-year-a-pe valuation.
16x The company, as the leader of the domestic market, is at the top of export opportunities, and we give 25 years 26x to the expectation of a supermarket for price fluctuations in raw materials: one of the core risks is fluctuations in the cost of raw materials, especially with regard to price changes such as lithium, cobalt, nickel, etc.
It is also more sensitive to the stability of the raw material supply chain. If raw material prices rise or fluctuate significantly, they may lead to a surge in production costs, thereby reducing the profits of the bicycles.
There is a potential for stock accumulation and price maintenance pressure if consumer confidence decreases, leading to shrinking demand for cars, especially in high-priced areas, where sales would have to be raised. At the same time, some brands that are just emerging from overseas markets need sales to support overseas markets.
Industry competition increases: other players in the market, such as idealists, comers, Tesla, etc., pouring into the same track like an equation leopard's hard-to-land or technological acceleration may dilute their market share, and may squeeze up the incremental space for planning.
Faced with a combination of traditional car companies and new forces, competition that leads to price wars or lower returns on R & D inputs will affect higher-end premiums and long-term profitability compared to Yadi.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.