Technology enabling plus enhanced marketing to build a high-end brand premium, event of 10 August 2025: the company invested $5 billion to build the world's first all-terrain professional track, and in the Cheongzhou track.
The high-end vehicle displays off-road, water-related, sand slopes, track capabilities, visualizes technological value.
Off-road site and off-road site test: around-site, move n9 to control flexibility and power mix, at a straight-line acceleration of 3.9 seconds at a speed of 900 km; turn radius only 4.65 m, smaller than level a0 and flexible, displaying a greater degree of control. On off-site test, cloud-p smart hydraulic body control system
All right, you can actively regulate the staircase and altitude and show the stability of its complex surfaces. Trench z9gt: Ice drift, test of the race site: zero-hundred acceleration of 3.4 seconds, precise control of the vehicle's position in successive curves, coupled with the real-time adjustment of the cloudy-a smart air hangar to the movement of the tilt, optimising the side support of the high-speed bend.
By working with tyres, it shows a perfect balance between the power output and the extreme manipulation of the Triangular Platform. Looking up u8: sand on the sand, the water on the display: the Quadratic technology platform is independently driven by four electric power units and controlled by millisecond-scale torque vectors, sensed sand, water-based dynamic change and precisely distributed four wheels of power to achieve sand and horizontal mobility.
We believe that the current market for high-end car products in Biadey lacks a profound experience, and that the Chryston track, through professional races and test drives, translates technical parameters into perceived driving pleasures and safety, helping to make consumers feel better.
Intuitively feeling the value of technology, raising brand premium awareness, accelerating decision-making, and contributing to high-end branding. Beaditten's brand was restructured in early July 2025.
1. Biadee (002594.sz) series XXXI: Ba aims to strengthen brand architecture and break through high-end bottlenecks. Li Huixie, 20-year-old Byadi, has been built with a little integration and a direct-camp system, and will then upgrade the focus service and optimize its user experience to make up for it.
2. Biadee (002594.sz) series: 30: Shortboards for the high-end ecological service overseas. 3. Biadi (002594.sz) series: 29: Sea
High-end logic repeats: technology drives high-end ups and downs, equation leopards, arrows and arrows. Companies accelerate the growth of cloudy technologies in high-renovation and high-globalization at the end of the market - 2025/06/, transvestite technologies, dm-o, and so forth.
4. Biadi (002594.sz) series evaluation XXVIII: Capability of control technology to build brand premiums through technology-enabling high-end brands. We look forward to corporate technology-driven product and brand-driven upwards, with enhanced marketing, momentum, equation leopards, looking at three arrows.
\triangleright 5. Biadi (002594.sz) series depth four: high-level wisdom \triangleright
This is the first international-class track in Henan Province, the largest and most sophisticated mosaic base in the former central region.
Certificated by FIA Level 3 with the ability to perform domestic and foreign professional car racing. The track is about 3.3 kilometres long, combining high-speed curves, composite curves and long-distance direct design to meet a variety of competition requirements, such as equations, RVs, motorcycles, new energy vehicles, with the construction of test centres, brand houses and multifunctional jobs.
Mobilize the site, which in the future will become an important hub for Biadi’s research and development tests, user interaction, and brand displays. The company’s many high-end brand models (n9, z9gt, lookout u8) have been tested/drilled in different types of fields (posting, cross-country, low friction, track, water-related, sand slopes, etc.) and shown to be strong.
Trendz9gt: Testing of drifting and racing sites to achieve a perfect balance between power output and extreme manipulation. In the drifting scene, the currentz9gt displays the subversive power of its “triangular” technology platform, following the independent control structure of the axle duals, combined with distributed towed gravity control systems and millisecond torque vector allocation technology, the system
Accurately adjusts the back wheel independent torque output and slide ratio, allowing for a smoothing angle to be controlled in conjunction with the body posture; and, at the same time, the exclusive drift model gives vehicles a steady and sustained ability to drift, significantly reducing the operational threshold of professional drift, allowing ordinary drivers to experience the most manageable tailings in a safe environment.
In the middle, the power z9gt displays the power of subversive performance with a "triangular" smart control platform: its three-power independent power-driven system gives vehicles a zero-one-hundred acceleration of 3.43 seconds, the power response is rapid and sustained, and, at the same time, precisely controlling the body posture in successive curves, with flexibility and reverence far beyond the German luxury model.
In conjunction with the real-time adjustment of the cloudy-a smart air suspension to the pivot motion, further optimizes the side direction of the high-speed overturning, supports the tyre by co-opting, and achieves a perfect balance between power output and extreme manipulation. N9: Land Cruiser and field field testing, manipulation of flexibility, motivation, cross-country performance and both.
On the corner of the site, it's more flexible and more dynamic than the ao-class car, and it's more flexible. When the field is tested, it's more controlled.
On a cloudy-p smart hydraulic body control system that can proactively regulate staircase resistance and altitude (up to 80 mm) and easily cope with difficult road conditions such as steep slopes, artillery pits, cross-axis, steep slopes, even in a single-wheeled state of suspension, can be easily distributed efficiently and efficiently, significantly increasing the stability of complex road surfaces.
Figure 3: Stretch N9 test, looking at u8: sand on the sand, showing the power of cross-country. In the field, looking at u8 shows a number of breakthroughs in technology: its Quadripartite technology platform is independently driven by a four-voltage machine with a millisecond-scale twist.
Volume control, real-time sensing of sand with dynamic changes and precise allocation of four-wheel power, effectively avoiding the risk of fall or rollover, while the maximum power of 880kw with a peak torque of 1280n m provides a strong push; cloud-p smart fluid pressurized body control system provides a 150-mm suspension adjustment process that significantly enhances passivity; and water-related scenes,
Looking at u8 its emergency float system monitors water depths and body postures in real time through 38 high-precision sensors, switching vehicles to floating mode at 3km/h at depths above 1 metre, and stabilizing the shift in the water at a rate of 3km/h. Four-wheel independent torque control is provided by the Quadable Technology Platoon, which simulates the "proper" effect via a four-voltage differential output, even if
It's still in a floating state that can fine-tune its military-grade sealed technology and intelligent control system. Figure 5: Looking up at the u8 stubble, we believe that the Chungzhou race is a physical expression of Biadi's technical self-confidence, through professional competitions and test driving.
Campaigns to attract media, car fans, to translate abstract technical parameters into perceived driving pleasures and safety, to raise brand premium awareness, to foster a native car culture; and, at the same time, to combine the demonstration of intellectual driving functions (e.g. automatic parking, high-speed piloting of the eye system of the gods) to allow consumers to visualize the value of technology, accelerate decision-making, and help them.
The high-end logic reaffirms: technology enablers, enhanced marketing products, electric piloters, technology enablers, high-end brands. In the fuel-car era, luxury brands pass through engines and chassis.
In the new energy age, companies have made breakthroughs in the development of electrodynamic technologies, with dm-i5.0, e4.0 platforms, etc.
Technologies such as blade batteries should be applied to full brand models; and brand premiums should be created for high-end markets with cloudy technology, easy-to-trace technology, dm-o (mixed platforms for cross-country mobility), smart control technology, etc.
Tremendous: Positioning Technology Luxury, Strengthening Brand Systemification. Positioning "Luxury and Smart New Energy Leaders," focusing on "Technology Luxury" and "Scene Experiences", focusing on the 300,000-500,000 market, Etobiadi III, Power Technology and Benz Luxury Genes, Core Motors D9 in two years in a row, selling New Energy mpv to "Commercial"
The two scenes re-created the new energy luxury market. By the beginning of July 2025, the Biadeten brand became a management readjustment, and the former General Manager, Zhao Yangjiang, was exchanged with the Chief Executive Officer, Lee Hye, of Equator Leopard. The purpose of the change was to strengthen branding and break the high-end bottlenecks.
A little integration with a straight-line system, which will then upgrade the focus services and optimize the user experience to compensate for the short edge of the high-end service ecology.
Figure 9: Trend d9 market share of mpv over $300,000 (%)
It's a high-end new energy source under the Biadi flag, a car brand. The brand name, "Look Up" represents a courageous search spirit, an idea that keeps pursuing excellence and excellence.
Leads by looking at brands for subversive technology and forward-looking design to create brands and products that are committed to bringing new, unprecedented, high-performance experiences to users. Looking at u8 with Biadi's "quadros" power system, equipped with four stand-alone electric power plants, capable of performing "back-to-back" functions, emergency water floats, "camp leveling" and so on, with high water depths.
1,000 mm for Mercedes G class, Lugger Guard, Randrotze, etc.; looking up u9 for Luxury Super Run, 2-second-level acceleration, strong motivation and manipulation, with a balance of entertainment and intelligence, will continue.