Biadee shares (1211.hk)/Biadee, Huang Jiaji, repeats Biadi's “buy-in” rating: we think Biadey's been through the hardest part of the year.
First, the company's adjustment strategy has stabilized in the third and fourth quarters of the year. Second, Biadi shares (1211.hk) are relatively strong overseas in their car sales and are expected to contribute significantly to the increase in profits.
The company controls the costs. The current market yields for the company’s port and a share are 16.6x and 17.5x. So, we believe that the company’s fundamentals and valuations are at the bottom of the line.
The ring growth rate is 3.8 percentage points. The cost increase is 7 per cent. Biadi's operating profits and net profits are $5,597 million and $6,356 million, respectively, a decline in the same ring comparison. Depending on the external environment, the company's domestic vehicle sales fluctuated, leading to a rise in the income scale.
Performance and outlook, we adjust the sales and profit projections for Biadi in 2025 and 2026. Valuation: By branch plus general valuation, Biadi ' s new energy vehicle, Hand, 2025, Biadi (002594.ch)
Electronic and other operations, such as machines, yielding market surpluses of 32.0x, 21.3x and 10.0x, receiving a port/a share Investment risk: demand for new energy vehicles, both domestic and overseas, is not growing as expected. Total market value of the industry is competitive (million yuan)
It's increasing, and the pressure to lower prices is rising. The company's high-end and export sales are not as high as expected. The decline slows down the company's Māori performance. The rate of autopilot landings is slower, or the user body is looking at Pui Jin's international research.
Data source: Pil-Sil-Sil-Silver International Projection Pul-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Si-Se-Si-Se-Se-Se-Se-Se-Se-Se-
Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected Further increase in penetration of the domestic market for new energy vehicles, companies
The domestic penetration rate of new energy vehicles has slowed, and the volume and share of cars sold by companies has recovered rapidly: faster and faster growth has recovered;
(a) Higher than expected growth in the demand for new energy vehicles abroad, which boosts Biadi revenues, and less than expected growth in the demand for new energy vehicles abroad;
Industry competition has eased, companies have had significant control effects, Māori rates and profit have been slow to land, consumer perceptions and user experiences have been smooth and companies have been at the forefront of the industry.
Prospective and pessimistic scenarios: a share.
Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
The penetration rate of the domestic market for new energy vehicles has increased further, and the company ' s volume and share of automobile sales have recovered rapidly: faster and faster growth has recovered more slowly;
(a) Higher than expected growth in the demand for new energy vehicles abroad, which boosts Biadi revenues, and less than expected growth in the demand for new energy vehicles abroad;
Industry competition has eased, companies have had significant control effects, Māori rates and profit have been slow to land, consumer perceptions and user experiences have been smooth and companies have been at the forefront of the industry.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571), the first (Systems Trading) and the fourth (Provision of Comments on Securities).
This report is not intended to be used by anyone for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters, and you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.