Tiger Medicines (300347.sz)
Cro (conceptresearchorganization) is broken down into pre-cro and clinical trials, and the company is expanding its cro chain of operations through self-incorporated companies and ongoing acquisitions and mergers.
Increased business participation has now formed a cross-cro industry chain that is located in Australia, Korea, North America (United States of America, Canada) and South-East Asia (Singapore, Malaysia)
All over the world, the organization of operations, the acquisition of the Jéthon Teri vanquished card-bit medical equipment, has become the nodal of vertically integrated kernel services across drugs, multidisciplinary areas of medical equipment. The storm of clinical data verification has passed, with a low rate of business growth in 2016, and a reverse-information bird has been created.
Since July 22, 2015, when cfda started to run the clinical test data, the cro industry has experienced a two-year-long chaos and a pseudo-recording storm. Some of the company’s business has been affected, with a new low in the growth rate (net of M&As) and an increase of only 9.63% in the in-house income and a high overall Māori ratio.
The Division’s performance is about to return to a high-growth track, with a significant recovery in the first quarter of 2017, a good growth rate, and a reversal of the performance growth rate to the knowledge that the birds are already in control. The low-cost, multi-population, and disease-rich international cro industry is shifting to our country, with the national cro line.
The country’s clinical costs, both for test personnel and for its employees, are much lower than those in Europe and America, with 1.3 billion people, large countries and rich disease profiles that together drive the international cro industry to move to our country. The international cro industry is fully enjoying the pleasure of the international industry’s massive shift.
The cde new drug approval process has increased significantly, the collusive collusive product industry has grown significantly. In recent years, the cde trial has increased significantly, from about 5,000 cases up to 2014, and has doubled to 10,000 levels. The clinical batch of the new drug has continued to be released significantly, and the collage of the cfda clinic has been delayed since the check-up.
The release of clinical needs directly drives the company ' s future demand for services in clinical trials; similar to the time-consuming and heavy-duty evaluation of pharmaceuticals, the co-firms will share policy dividends, and the number of copies of the drug be filed is over 600, more than 2,600, and is expected to generate nearly 8 billion new businesses for the industry.
Performance projections and investment ratings The selection of a-stock-market-based companies for medical outsourcing services as a value comparison with the pharmaceutical outsourcing service sub-industry
The median 2017-2019 pe valuation is 46x/31x/24x and the company ' s valuation level for the next three years (41x/30x/23x) corresponds to the industry average.
Fast-forwarding card-point medical devices cro, the company's net profit growth rate of 56 per cent per annum over the next three years, my reputational impairment risk, loose policy for consistency evaluation, business integration risk, formation of a vertically integrated layout of the cro industrial chain and capacity to meet international multi-centre clinical trials (mct)
The purchase of a rapid advance card-pointing medical device for Teri, with a combined annual growth rate of 56 per cent for the company ' s net profit over the next three years, I,1 Clinical Test Technical Services: the speed of the trial has increased significantly, clinical batches of new drugs have continued to be put into significant use, and the clinical requirements of cfda have been delayed since the check-up, and we expect that in 2017-2019, clinical trials will be conducted.
2. Clinical research-related advisory services: The company has basically developed a vertical integration service in the cro industrial chain, based on reduced costs such as communication during clinical trials, drug companies have opted to outsource medicine for a more economical logic for a cro enterprise, and we expect the consulting business to increase by 45 per cent, 35 per cent and 30 per cent, slightly more than technical services.
3. Model drug consistency assessment of be needs: 15 hospitals cooperated, 100 be clinical trials were completed this year, 300 million yuan (at a unit cost of $3 million) were collected, and 150, 200 cases were completed in the next two years, respectively.
Clinical data verify that the impact is largely over, and after the industry's experience of disreputing, de-false and de-reforming the real pains, there is an outbreak of business growth at the end of the new drug clinical and pseudo-pharmaceutical consistency assessment. The industry's current valuation is somewhat high, and it seems a little different in the current climate of low-valued investment. After dark, it is definitely dawn and domestic business needs.
A wave of domestic transfers of the international cro industry, continued consolidation and acquisitions, high corporate growth, rapid decline in valuation levels, and investment in cro just in time.
Sexual evaluation policy remains unshakable and progresses ahead of expectations; 3. The value of orders has increased significantly and the Maori rate has returned to normal levels. Risks of goodwill impairment, loose consistency evaluation policy, business integration risks.
Teg medicines (300347), established in 2004 and based in Zhejiang Hang County, are the leading clinical contract research organization in the country (cro), which made a successful landing on the Enterprise ' s business board in August 2012. The main business is to provide specialized clinical research services for the research and development of medicine and health-related products in the country and abroad, covering mainly i-iv clinical trials.
Technical services, data management and statistical analysis, registration declarations, clinical trial site services, smo services, medical tests, medical translation, central laboratories, central images, drug safety alerts and third-party auditing services, etc.
Scientific institutions and individuals, in the form of specialized business organizations that offer outsourcing services for new drug research and development to the pharmaceutical or biotech industry, are specialized firms that carry out all or part of the activities involved in the drug research and development process.
Specialized research services, and collaborative networks within a given region. Depending on the development cycle of new drugs for services, the co-industry can usually be divided into pre-cro and co-cro.
Among the combinations, the potential drugs for clinical research are the initial stages of the development of new drugs, which are more difficult and uncertain to develop, and the pre-cro companies in our country usually start with pre-clinical research, including pharmacological efficacy, pharmacodynamics, etc.
After that, the i-ii clinical trials and the iv-stage trials after being registered on the market, the range of clinical trial counselling services derived from the process were also included. The Thai pharmaceutical industry was dominated by the clinical trials cro, including a small number of bioanalytical services (i) corporate structures: more decentralized ownership, with Ye Xiaoping and Cao Xiaochun acting in concert.
As at 16 May, the company had effective control over Ye Xiaoping (Director, General Manager) and Cao Xiaochun (Deputy General Manager), both of whom were acting together, holding shares of 26.81 per cent and 9.43 per cent, respectively. As of 2016, the company had over 30 subsidiaries under its banner, covering such areas as cro business, new drug research and development, and equity investment.
More than 50 cities in the country have set up service networks and have worked with more than 1,500 clinical laboratories. (ii) Clinical trials have been linked to the cro industrial chain, with domestic and foreign layouts showing first signs of success The industry chain has expanded up and down: the number of cro enterprises in the country now stands at thousands, mostly to provide registration.
Small and medium-sized enterprises, such as small and medium-sized enterprises, with a large number of one-stop clinical laboratory services, have been able to provide a smaller number of them with one-stop-shopd clinical trial services. Teg medicines have expanded their operations up and down of the cro industrial chain through their own subsidiaries and extended M & As strategies, and have gradually expanded their operations from i to iv clinical trial technical services to include data management and statistical analysis, registration declarations, smo
Clinical advisory services with fewer approval procedures, such as services, covering the clinical chain of drug trials; in 2016, 600 million dollars was raised to purchase 100 per cent of the shares of Jéré, a company that expanded its range of services from pharmaceutical products to appliances and became an integrated service for outsourcing “integrated solutions” for pharmaceutical research and development
International multi-centre clinical (mct) operational layout: currently, to maximize the availability of new medicines, to take advantage of the market as soon as possible, the demand for new drugs for international multi-centre clinical trials is increasing.
Thai medicine has established sub-divisions in Singapore, Australia, Canada, the United States, Malaysia, India, etc. to provide co-services, including i-iv phase clinical trial technical services, statistical analysis of data management statistics, etc. Currently, it has been able to meet the needs of both domestic and foreign pharmaceutical clients for clinical research throughout the country, especially large multi-centres.
“Integrative solution” integrated service provider for clinical trials of Tig medicine Investment in the industrial chain: Hangzhou, Hangzhou, Tae Moo, Brightsky, initiating participation in 18 investment partnerships (iii) management and core technicians holding shares, equity incentives + workforce ownership schemes with multiple means of stabilizing the workforce
Clinical trials of cro enterprises are a highly skilled industry, and talent is a key production requirement for companies to provide business services, and it is also a core competitiveness of companies. In order to effectively stabilize their management teams and motivate them, companies have implemented a series of equity incentives and employee-equity schemes before and after listing.
Prior to listing, the start-up team was inspired by the investment of Temer, the investment of Teddy, the investment of wisdom, and direct ownership of nine other natural persons. The investment of Temer was mainly directed to the company’s executives for equity incentives, with seven shareholders in the institution.
A total of 39 employees were employed at the level of director-general of the Teg pharmaceutical sector; Teddy's investment incentive was for employees with outstanding contributions to Teg's medicine or its subsidiary, Shanghai Taig: the Shanghai Wise Investment Advisory was set up to motivate the Teg's pharmaceutical company, Mesda Core, and the incentive was 25 people.
After listing, in 2013 the company launched the equity incentive scheme for middle-level managers, core technical (business) personnel and some employees who have worked for three years in the company, targeting 172 persons for the first time (approximately 15 days of the total number of employees in the year), the equity incentive scheme was fully implemented, and on 26 December 2016 the company launched a new round of long-term incentives.
The equity incentive scheme is a 3+3-year employee holding scheme.
In 2016, around 10 per cent of the total number of employees, the total amount raised was $300 million, and the latest announcement of 8 May revealed that the cumulative purchase of the company ' s stock stock of 1,0744,000, or 2.262 per cent of the company ' s total equity, had taken place.
(i) Impact verification of clinical data on new medicines, with a low performance rate in 2016
According to information released by cfda, by the end of June 2016, 1,193 companies, or 83% of the total number, had been withdrawn on their own motion. As a result of verification, the company’s subsidiary, Taghya, was affected, three applications for medicines were rejected, and some applications for clinical registration were withdrawn from the company’s clinical register.
Dreamcis uses low-price, high-quality marketing strategies to capture the market, resulting in significant losses. Less merger and merger effects, living income grew by 16.1% per year in 2016, net profit by 6.0% per year and public gain by 6.0% per year in 2016.
(ii) Main operations: incremental growth and Māori rates in clinical laboratory technical operations; increase in clinical research-related advisory services; breakdown of company-owned operations into two broad categories of clinical trial technical services and clinical research-related advisory services; in recent years, clinical research-related advisory services have gradually gone beyond clinical trial technical services, with advisory services taking over from 2016
58.61 per cent of total income from industry and 40.33 per cent of technical services from clinical trials technical services: clinical trial technical services are the main service provided by the clinical trial co., which covers the new drug i-iv period clinical trials; in May 2017, the company completed the public distribution of stocks and acquired fast-tracking.
Terry, the technical service for clinical trials has been expanded from drugs to medical devices. The main subsidiaries of the main business for clinical laboratory technical services are as follows: the domestic sector, where Hunan Tag is the main lead in the clinical trials, the clinical trial in the lycium period. The technical service is provided by the mother-in-chief of the drug company Teg and Shanghai Teg: the international technical service for clinical trials consists of medicine, Han.
The country’s dreamcis, Singapore Tag, United States Tags, Canada Tags, Australia Tags, and Malaysia Tags have basically developed the capacity to take over international multi-centre clinical trials (mct). The main operation of the Chetton Terry Camp is medical devices.
Of these, cfda self-checked verification activities affected 8.03 percentage points, and Korea’s dreamcis low-priced strategy affected 7.54 clinical research-related advisory services: advisory services related to clinical research were carried out mainly by subsidiaries, and consultancy services were developed as a priority for companies in recent years, owing to the small number of approvals involved.
Consultancy modules such as bed test centre management, data management and statistical operations, bioanalysis and cmc operations, investment operations, smo operations, central laboratory, etc., are vertically integrated into the cro industrial chain of clinical trial technical services.In 2014 and 2015, influenced by the acquisition of Fonda medicine in the United States, the consulting operations branch maintained high growth, 2016
Advisory services consist mainly of three major units of data statistical analysis services, bioanalysis and other services such as smo, which, according to the company ' s semi-annual report for 2016, generated $96.05 million (17 per cent of the main business), Fonda bioanalysis and cmc services income of $175 million (31 per cent), Smo, Smo,
Services such as translation, pv (drug alert service) $8.48 million (15 per cent). (iii) Consultancy business development is a full-blown development: Mostda, Fonda and Hangzhou Simmer are the backbone of the business Data statistical analysis service: Statistical analysis business is the most profitable business of the company.
The three subsidiaries, Da, Kaheingtek and Taiwan Tag, are responsible for domestic and foreign data statistical analysis, respectively, of which the fully-owned owner, Szézda, is the backbone of the business, generating $120 million in 2016, a net profit of $69.1 million, a net profit of up to 57.5 per cent, contributing 10.2 per cent and 44.0 per cent of the company ' s net profits throughout the year.
As one of the few cro companies in the country that have the capacity to participate in the global pharmaceutical research and development industry, with the highest standards of business processes, Mesda has been awarded the Global Supplier Award for 2016 (2016ellilyglobal supplieraward).
G.S.T.G., G.G.T.S., is fully involved in and independently assumes and leads foreign client projects, of which more than 30 are focused on global projects in abbvie and lilly. Bioanalytics and cmc services: 70.33% of the company-owned Fonda medicine is the backbone of bioanalysis and cmc operations
In order to contribute, Fonda Medicine has made a significant contribution to the company ' s performance for three years in a row in 2014 as a target for the company ' s restructuring. In 2016, Fonda Medicine collected $371 million, a net profit of $47.95 million, and Fonda Medicine (Shanghai) has a country ' s leading biological sample analysis technology, skilled professionals and state-of-the-art equipment for clients.
With the policy dividend of Be, the business will become the company ' s smo business in 2017: the clinical trial centre management service (smo) is operated by Hangzhou Smo, one of the largest Smo companies in the country, focusing on the provision of clinical research associate (crc) services to clinical trial institutions and researchers.
The Hangzhou Simmer business continued to grow at a high rate in 2016, with over 300 annual implementation projects and over 620 employees (25 per cent of the company ' s total staff in 2016).
(i) The low point is now, and after the dark dawn, the east will rise, and we judge 2016 to be a low annual growth point, with company performance rising again in 2017, with a basic sentence of 1, verification of pre-held business orders to the end of execution, new orders to raise prices, and an increase in the Māori ratio: cfda vs.
After the project ' s quality requirements were improved, the project ' s clinical trials slowed down, workload increased, costs increased, and a lower price of pre-existing orders verified and the settlement cycle increased, resulting in a decrease in the Maori rate. The company ' s acceptance of clinical trial technology The service order execution cycle was approximately 2-3 years, with revenue recognized as a percentage of completion, and the company ' s disclosure of a new intake per year
Data on orders and the cumulative amount of contracts pending implementation show a combined de-engineering rate of approximately 40-45 per cent for all contracts, average contract execution, 2 adjustments to subsidiary business strategies, business integration efficiency gains: performance of the Korea subsidiary dreamcis declined and the Division adjusted the dreamcis business structure and posted it to key managers (cfo, ceo) throughout the year
Business integration, reducing costs, and increasing the Māori rate of the project. In addition, integrating the business of the subsidiary, the intelligence team became the Tag Academic Research Department, with the iv phase and nis research, increasing the efficiency of such projects through integration; the Mesda Integration Caring and the Taiwan Tag Statistical Analysis Team, focusing on the big foreign clients, the abbvie and lilly global projects, was dedicated to companies.
Management led the formation of the Be-Leader Group to integrate the resources of parent companies, Gazting Tags, Fonda Pharmacy Be.3. Be on top of the new order peak: modeling the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency brought about a new business increase, with the first 289 varieties of the national base drug catalogue to be evaluated consistently, which must be completed by the end of 2018, time-critical and task-intensive, we measure
Over the next two years, there will be more than $4 billion in business growth (see details in the section below). In 2017, the company plans to establish a business partnership with more than 15 hospitals, the company's name is Taghya, the registered Be Pilot Unit, and the Fonda Medicine (Shanghai) has a high-quality bioanalysis business, which we expect to bring to light this year.
(ii) Performance inverted "Mobile Birds" have gone up by billions of dollars, up by 48.47 per cent and 80.33 per cent, respectively, over the previous year, and have a good hand order. According to the company's operating pattern, the order is about two years out of the cycle, and new orders from the previous year usually have to be substantially executed in the following year, so the number of new orders is basically new.
This pattern is largely reflected in the company’s business data for the following year, reflecting the growth rate. (See chart 7 for a significant improvement in the Māori rate during the quarter and an acceleration in the rate of growth: the overall Māori rate for companies was only 38.03% for the whole of 2016, which has been low since it came to the market.
In the first quarter of this year, the Māori rate was at a very high level, with 42.80% of the Māori rate, a 12 percentage point increase in the first quarter of this year, back close to 45% of the company’s total Māori gross business. On the revenue side, income of 355 million yuan was achieved in the first quarter of this year, resulting in a net profit of 43.38 million yuan, representing an increase of 29.45% and 7.89%, but the net profit not attributable to the mother increased by 42.99 million yuan.
18.13 per cent, with an acceleration of quarterly harvests.iv. International drug research and development has shifted to domestic industries, investment in the industry is right in time (i) the cost of new drug research and development is high, and changes in the operations of pharmaceutical companies have led to the outsourcing of medicine services
Vertical integration to outsourcing: Since the 1990s, some transnational corporations have pursued a globalization strategy, with vertical integration of research and development, production and marketing in the corporate architecture. New drug molecules discover, develop and develop with increasing difficulties of US$ 1.2 billion, rising to US$ 1.2 billion at the beginning of the twenty-first century, reaching US$ 2.6 billion in recent years: new drug research and development inputs and production
After upswings and declining R & D efficiency, pharmaceutical companies outsource some of their R & D work to Cro firms to lower costs and raise US$ 1 billion, market size has continued to grow at an average annual compound growth rate of 10.5%, with a global market size expected to reach $43.09 billion in 2017. After years of mature development, it has now developed in quintiles,
Coovance (Covance), Charlesriver (Charles River), Parexel (Breath), icon (Accord), ppd, and others, represent a big cro industry with an annual income of more than $1 billion. (ii) Low cost, large population and rich disease spectrum, leading to a transfer of international cro to domestic industry.
Currently, research and development of new medicines is becoming more difficult, with high inputs, long cycles, high phase-out rates being associated with research and development of new medicines: in addition, patent protection for existing pharmaceutical companies will expire in the coming years, patent precipices will lead to counterfeiting of generic medicines, and price reductions and market erosion are inevitable. International drug companies will have a continuing incentive to reduce efficiency gains.
Based on high investment in new drug research and development, which seeks to outsource low-cost medicines of all kinds, international drug research and development cro is experiencing a wave of diversion to low-cost areas in Asia, including China, based mainly on the following: Low-cost. This is reflected in both low-quality, low-quality professional access and low-cost clinical cases.
High-quality, low-cost professionals. Every year, more than 7 million university graduates, more than 600,000 graduate students, and a large pool of back-up professionals: in addition, people from overseas who have extensive experience in medicine and outsourcing services return home. Our per capita income is far below that of the advanced European and American countries, with low-quality and low-quality professions.
Low-cost clinical cases. Drug testing in humans abroad is quite rigorous, drug observation and registration weeks are long, and there are strict protective measures for drug testers; moreover, there are large differences in average income, both within and outside the country.
According to a study published by Businessintights, the combined cost of completing one clinical trial in the United States in 2010 was approximately $6000, the cost of the ii clinical trial was $7,000, and the cost of the ii clinical trial was $8,000.
The cost of research in the country is low enough to attract orders from abroad, the large population of patients and the rich disease spectrum. We have a large population with conditions that are not available in other countries in terms of the diversity of types of disease and the number of cases, and a sufficient number of cases of clinical trials and the completion of clinical end-points.
Compared to the advanced countries of Europe and the United States, there are advantages, especially in cases of rare diseases or diseases such as cancer, which require long clinical endings, the number of clinical cases that can be admitted has increased significantly, increasing the reliability and statistical significance of clinical trial studies. The low-cost and large patient populations and rich disease profiles of the national cro industry have not only attracted the world.
The giant Quintilestransnational, Covens (covance), ppd, Charles Riverlabs and Parexel entered China directly through the establishment of the Chinese branch or the acquisition and merger of the domestic claves, and the indigenous coro had apparently benefited from outsourcing or subcontracting orders for international co-services.
According to annual reports published by Kandeh and Sang-hwa Medicine (before retirement), nearly 90% of the operating income from medicine in Ming-Kongde and Chang-hwa comes from clients from outside Europe and America, Japan, etc. Tag medicine comes from abroad, with a higher share of income than in the mainland region, rising from 41% in 2012 to 56% in 2016.
(iii) The country ' s coro sector is in a period of rapid development, and the coro sector is in the right time to invest in the new technological services industry in the country, starting with the establishment of the first real coro in China in 1996, starting with clinical trials of new medicines.
With the combined impact of international industrial transfers and increased investment in home-grown pharmaceutical research and development, we are at a fast-growing stage, and the market size of our industry grew from 5.2 billion yuan to 25.9 billion yuan in 2008-2014, exceeding the average annual compound growth rate.
V. The speed of approval and approval of new medicines + the consistency evaluation of generic medicines, the double-strength support for the development of the gold stage in the country ' s cro engine I: new drug research and development. The research and development environment is optimized to encourage innovation in drugs, the cde drug trials are fast-paced, and the amount of research and development investment is steadily rising, but the scope for upgrading is still enormous.
In recent years, our pharmaceutical companies have been increasing their investment in research and development, but there is still a large gap between their foreign counterparts and their sales. Large pharmaceutical companies around the world have been investing heavily in drug research and development in order to avoid future business difficulties.
The annual R & D investment of Phrma member enterprises amounted to $58.8 billion, with R & D investment in 2007-2015 at a higher percentage of 16-18 per cent than ever; the R & D investment of pharmaceutical enterprises above our size is increasing, although the R & D costs of enterprises such as those with experience (15.6 per cent) are increasing, with R & D sales exceeding 10 per cent and close to the international pharmaceutical giants.
Since 2015, the State Department and cfda have put in place a series of policies to encourage drug innovation. In May of this year, the National Drug Control Service issued a series of recommendations on reforming the management of clinical trials to encourage innovation in pharmaceutical medical devices, accelerating the listing of new pharmaceutical medical devices for approval and implementation of three policies related to the management of pharmaceutical medical devices throughout their life cycle (requested).
A number of key issues in the management of clinical trials, such as accreditation of clinical trial institutions to file management, support to researchers and clinical trial institutions in conducting spot-bed trials, improvement of the ethics committee mechanism, improvement of the efficiency of ethical reviews, optimization of the clinical trial review process, acceptance of external clinical trial data, support to outreach clinical trials, etc.
In addition, in response to the congestion of new drug approval channels, the drug authorities have made multiple efforts to integrate, differentiate, and give full support to the truth, by increasing the number of new drug clearance channels, giving priority to review channels, examining clinical data for themselves, and completing the first year more than the number of applications for registration.
At the end of the year, the peak of 18,597 cases fell significantly, largely addressing the serious backlog in the approval of new medicines.The micro-reaction of enterprises: the co-contractor of pharmaceutical research and development, the policy of encouraging innovation and innovation, the optimization of the environment, the increased investment in research and development by pharmaceutical companies, and the direct increase in the volume and amount of future billings of the co-enterprises.
The value of new orders from listed companies has been rising, with a cumulative total of $1.997 billion in new reception execution orders for Thai medicine at the end of 2016, a significant increase of 80.2 per cent compared with 2015 (see table 7) (ii) Engine II: generic evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, generating additional quantities for the coro industry
Our pharmaceutical market is dominated by generics, which account for more than 90 per cent of the total number of medicines. A large number of copies of generics are repeated at a low level, and because of the relatively weak research base on generic medicines approved earlier, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade has made random changes in prescriptions, processes, thefts, etc., which have resulted in a large gap between the quality of generics and the original drugs.
In order to ensure the safety and effectiveness of medicines, starting in 2012, the State Council and the Department of Drug Control have proposed to conduct an evaluation of the consistency of generic medicines. In March 2016, the State Department officially published an evaluation of the quality and efficacy of generic medicines.
Consistency evaluation, which requires that generics approved for listing prior to the implementation of the new register classification of chemicals are subject to consistency evaluation if they are not approved in accordance with the principle of conformity with the quality and efficacy of the original product.
There will be no further consistent evaluation applications for the same drug, if more than three companies have been evaluated through consistent evaluation. Since then, a variety of detailed rules have been introduced, including reference reagent selection, guidelines for exemptions, etc.
The cro industry is about to see a rise in the consistency evaluation of business orders. The generic evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency includes two components, pe and bio-equivalency (be), and the national base list of 289 varieties will need to be completed by the end of 2018.
It takes 24-30 months to evaluate sex, which means that there is a time-consuming and task-intensive process for evaluating consistency in the product of the catalogue of essential medicines. Most drug companies in the country do not have the resources to conduct consistent evaluations on their own, and large drug companies have the capacity to conduct them on their own, but have a lot of approvals under the flag, time is money, and whoever first passes the consistency evaluation will take over the consistency evaluation.
Number of clearly intended orders: At present, based on a consistent evaluation process of the therapeutic effectiveness of the generic quality of the drug, the specific case of the generic drug consistency file for the period from 20 May to 30 September 2016, published by the Enterprise on 29 November 2016, shows that there are more than 600 generic types of generic names recommended and more than 2,600 of them.
Four hundred and forty, with 1180 entries and recommended messages: 198 and 1425 oral chemicals for 289 base medicines. Not only did 289 varieties in the list of base medicines be declared very well, but companies actively declared non-based oral chemicals for consistent evaluation and seized the market for post-evaluation products.
Potential purchase order estimates: currently, the price of a consistent evaluation market for individual varieties in the country has reached $5 million (approx. 2 million for pharmacological equivalency and 3 million for bioequivalency test); 57.76 per cent penetration rate for new drug research and development medicine outsourcing (based on data: cfda published clinical data on new drugs self-checked, 1,049 subject to self-checked verification)
The new drug, with 126 cro enterprises participating in 606 clinical trials with a penetration rate of 57.76 per cent, is expected to result in a higher rate of penetration for outsourcing, conservatively calculated at a 60 per cent penetration rate. The following measurements are given: b: penetration: 60 per cent of cro enterprises participating in consistency evaluations and 40 per cent of firms doing it themselves.
c: unit price: $5 million (not taking into account the be exemption); total order value brought to the coro industry is $7.815 billion. Billions of new orders, of which $4.275 billion were completed by the end of 2018, will be received by the coro enterprise in the next two years.
6. Capital has surged, Tag medicine has invested heavily in nearly 20 equity investment funds (i) agile capital has been put in place, and the surge in M & As in the power overcro industry has now reached thousands of companies in our country, mostly in the form of sporadic services such as the provision of registration declarations.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which provide a full one-stop clinical trial service, have fewer firms, and these few mature ones have in recent years been the target of mergers and acquisitions of various types of capital and giants, as well as agile capital, in combination with domestic listed companies and acquisitions of co-firms, foreign capital giants, which buy up leading domestic firms, and capital-assisted mergers and acquisitions in the cro sector.
The three ways in which home-grown firms, joint ventures, and direct M&As are entering China’s market are different models. The world’s top 10 cro has the will to enter China to form teams, such as Covens and Quintai, the old cro giants, and to form their own teams in China.
While operating independently as home-grown subsidiaries, ppd chooses a cyclone acquisition strategy, and then buys and buys domestic cro firms to quickly cut into the Chinese market. Their clients are mainly foreign pharmaceutical giants, supporting clinical trials of pharmaceutical giants entering China and having international multi-centre clinical trials, and the cost of services is often more expensive.
In our country, mdspharmaservice has invested in the establishment of China's first real crón, which has been in existence for only 20 years; the fragmentation of the industry and the absence of leading enterprises have led to frequent mergers and acquisitions between enterprises, and in recent years has also created a boom in the listing of crón enterprises, followed by medicines such as Ming Condé, medicine such as Changhua, and medicine such as Tag and Bozi.
Domestic shares, and companies such as Suzuno Medicine, are on the list. (ii) Teg is investing more than $500 million in the establishment of M & A funds, ready for industrial chain M & A opportunities, and the experience of the international cro giants shows that upstream and downstream whole industry chain layouts, vertically integrated cro companies
The acquisition of mergers is the easiest way to move into a segmented market and quickly form a team. The growth of the crocs is a rich history of mergers and acquisitions, as in the case of the industry leader, Quintilestransnational, which has launched nearly 50 mergers and acquisitions since its inception.
25, ppd about 20, Tiger medicine has been on the market since it was acquired in successive mergers and acquisitions of companies such as Mesda, Shanghai Chintong, Fangda Medicine, Northern Medical Ingenuity, Korea ' s dreamcis, etc., up and down the cro industrial chain, and currently the main business under the Tag Medicine flag is investing in equity or consulting.
Five firms (see chart 2 for the structure of equity) are involved in the operation, leading to the establishment or participation of almost 20 M & As funds, totalling over $500 million, and the size of the Leaking Fund (responsible contribution) nearly $4 billion. Currently, some M & A funds are already contributing to mature M & A projects, such as the recently completed M & A of the Jérétété Téténérés, a leading medical equipment.
This is the clinical need for the clinical release postponed since the verification of the Xinjiang Tae Yee Investment Partnership (Little Partnership), which was established with the company ' s contribution of $30 million in 2015, and we expect that in 2017-2019, clinical trial techniques, clinical research-related advisory services: the company has basically developed a vertical integration service in the cro industrial chain based on
Reducing costs such as communication during the cro process of clinical trials, where pharmaceutical companies choose to outsource pharmaceutical research and development to a cro enterprise is more economical, with advisory services accompanying orders for clinical laboratory technical services, which we expect to remain slightly higher than the rate of 45 per cent, 35 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively.
3. Evaluation of needs for generic pharmaceuticals: cooperation with 15 hospitals, 100 Be clinical trials completed this year, 300 million yuan (at a unit cost of $3 million) and 150, 200 cases in the following two years.a Listed companies in the medical outsourcing service category (cro, cmo, cso) have bottling shares (300363.sz),
Bozi Medicines (300404.sz), Hampshire Village (South Jinghuaway 600721.sh), Kaleying (002821.sz), Quantities Illustratives have developed a vertically integrated layout of the cro industrial chain and have the capacity to meet international multi-centre clinical tests (mct) and acquire JétoTerri's fast-forwarding calculatorscro, and the company's net profits have recovered year after year for the next three years
Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the Chinese People’s University and currently President of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.