Medical services ii/ Medical services ii/ Medical biology — extending from pharmaceutical coro to medical devices, Be operations leading to an increase in performance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Subchemical biology data show that China ' s market was about 35 billion yuan yuan in 2015, or hundreds of millions yuan. In 2016, the company received 443 million yuan in revenues from clinical laboratory technical services, an increase of the same year.
At the end of the verification process, we expect a return in revenue growth and a certain increase in the Māori rate in 2017 for the Pyramid Technical Services Section. The company plans to establish a Be Operations Cooperation Portal with more than 15 hospitals in 2017.
Wong Wen Trung is about $3.5 million (of which the hospital costs more than one third).
The clinical research advisory services form a healthy industry ring, and the subsidiary’s performance makes a significant contribution. The clinical research-related advisory services business is largely carried over by the subsidiary, which is overstretched by the subsidiary.
The quality of services makes an important contribution to the performance of the company. The company has developed a clinical test suit for zhouyu@gwgsc.com, data management and statistical operations, bioanalysis and cmc operations, investment operations, smo industry
In 2016, Fangda medicine made an important contribution to the company ' s performance, achieving a business income of $371 million, which is the 19-20th floor of the Honda International Building.
The annual performance commitments of the Great Wall Swe Securities Ltd. have also been achieved at a similar rate.
The central management organization of the service (smo). With the increased client acceptance of the corc service, the Hangzhou Simmer business continued to grow at a high rate in 2016, with over 300 annual implementation projects.
The total amount of funds raised by the client is up to US$ 63 million and will be used to purchase 100 per cent of the shares of Tetun Teri Medical Co. Ltd., Tai County, after deducting the cost of distribution, which was officially approved by the SEC in April 2017 for the company ' s endorsement.
After the acquisition is completed, the company’s business structure will be expanded from a drug to a medical device. Jetun Teri made performance commitments of $48 million and $57.6 million, respectively, for 2017-2018.
When completed, the company will make a significant contribution to its performance. In the context of the Téton Teri year, we expect the company ' s net p/e for 2017-2018 to be 47.88 times and 33.65 times, respectively.
At 56.52 times the median, the company's valuation still has some scope for upswing; at the same time, the cro industry experienced industry ice points last year, the introduction of this year's Consistency Evaluation Policy and clinical batches, the backlog to be advanced, will be of direct benefit to the company, and the company's performance will return, for the first time.
(b) The company's main operations are divided into clinical trial technical services and clinical research-related advisory services.
The main tasks include the design of clinical trials, the screening and selection of researchers and research centres, the convening of researcher meetings, the delivery of ethics committees, the preparation and initiation of trials, the monitoring and management of clinical trials throughout the process, the audit of clinical trials and the conclusion of clinical trials.
In 2016, the company ' s income from clinical trial technical services was 40% of the income from the main business. The consulting services related to clinical trials can be divided into: bioanalysis, cmc services, clinical trial data statistical analysis services, registration filing services, bed trial site services, smo services, medical testing services, i-clinical analysis testing services, clinical translation services, medical video consultations.
Figure 2 Income structure of the company's main business for the last three years
In 2016, the company achieved operating income of 1,175 million yuan, an increase of 22.73 per cent over the same period. The faster growth in revenue was due mainly to the addition of Korea ' s subsidiaries, Dreamcis and Northern Medical Ingenuity, in late 2015 and early 2016; and to the impact of the NDA ' s self-checking activities on clinical trials, which slowed the project ' s progress.
In 2016, the value of the new contract was RMB 1,927 million, an increase of 48.47 per cent. As at 31 December 2016, the cumulative amount of the contract to be executed by the company as at the end of 2016 was RMB 1,998 million, an increase of the same amount, in the absence of a combination of framework services, such as the translation of medical information services and clinical trial site services, which are the main forms of framework contracts signed.
The pace of growth in clinical trial technical service operations is expected to pick up, with Be becoming a new growth point; cro (contractual research organization, contractresearchorganization) is an academic or commercial organization that is responsible for all or part of scientific or medical experiments on behalf of its clients in drug research and development; it is a more professional and risk-neutral division of labour in pharmaceutical research and development.
Chart 8cro Industrial Relations Chart Towards the 21st Century, global penetration of cro grew rapidly. bcg and icon estimate that the market size of cro in 2013 was about $28 billion, and the share of R&D outsourcing in the overall outsourcing market share ( penetration rate) was as high as 47% and will be in 2020
In addition, in the twenty-first century, with the global peak of patent drugs coming to an end, large-scale drugs, the rapid increase in the proportion of drugs being developed and outsourced to complete some of the R & D work through the selection of contract research organizations, contributed directly to the rapid growth of the global industry, which has become an indispensable part of the pharmaceutical research and development chain.
The health-care industry has also shown a strong upturn, especially in the context of China’s economy, which remains stable at the middle and high rates of growth. According to the New England Journal of Medicine 2014, our research and development expenditure on biomedicine was 33% annual compound growth between 2007 and 2012, well above the negative growth rates in developed countries like Europe and North America.
Ping. Subchemical biodata show that China’s market size in 2015 was approximately 35 billion yuan. China’s market growth space was enormous, influenced by such factors as the increase in research and development inputs from pharmaceutical companies, the increase in penetration rates, and policies. If measured at an average annual growth rate of 20 per cent, China’s market size would be 42 billion yuan in 2016, while it would exceed 87 billion yuan in 2020.
2.1 The operation of clinical trial technical services is expected to pick up at a higher rate through verification tests. The operation of clinical trial technical services is one of the major services provided by the company and covers all clinical tests from i to iv, covering the entire clinical trial process, including pre-test preparation, selection of suitable clinical test research institutions and research.
the organization, monitoring, safeguarding the rights and interests of the subject and the integrity and accuracy of the trial records and data, the establishment of a quality control and quality assurance system for the clinical trials and the organization of audits of the trials.
Question: Collection of clinical trial data and preparation of a clinical trial summary report. The company ' s clinical trial technical services are mainly operated by the following subsidiaries: Northern Medical Ingenuity, which is primarily responsible for aro, Cardiovascular Cro, and the new iv clinical trial technical services from the past, and Hunanteeg, which is mainly responsible for the i-clinical trial technical services.
and i-Analytical Test Service operations; Fonda Medicine and Korea's dreamcis operations include all clinical laboratory services from i to iv, while the company's main subject and Shanghai Tag are the main providers of ii-iv clinical trials, and its subsidiaries such as Singapore, Malaysia, Canada, Australia and the United States provide overseas clinical technical services to clients.
In 2016, revenues from clinical laboratory technical services amounted to $47,370.11 million, an increase of 39.97 per cent over the same period, with the new subsidiaries of Korea dreamcis and North Medical Ingenuity, with an operating income of $8,72.566 million and $44,023.3 million, respectively. After deducting the effects of mergers and acquisitions, the company ' s revenues in 2016 increased by only 9.63 per cent over the same period last year, and the increase continues to decline.
On 22nd, a bulletin was issued on the conduct of self-checking of drug clinical trial data, followed by a large-scale self-checking exercise within the industry, during which the progress of the clinical pilot project was slowed and a rigorous examination of clinical research data began, not only did a large number of registered applicants withdraw their applications, but the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority also issued dozens of drugs out of order.
Of these, 1,175 applications have been withdrawn from the register on the basis of a finding of authenticity of clinical data on drugs; 24 have been denied registration by the National Food and Drug Supervisory Authority after on-site verification and 10 have not been approved.
1209 were not approved or voluntarily withdrawn, or 84.6% of the total number of clinical check-ups, except for the company ' s subsidiary, Hunan Thak, which took over three projects as a bio-equivalency unit, which were not approved for registration by the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority, and some of which were withdrawn on its own initiative.
The main reason for the treatment of the bed pilot project is that the hospital did not open the hes system to the company during the clinical trial, and that the company could not directly and effectively manage the clinical trial data, rather than the company’s quality management system. Quality and compliance is the life of the cro enterprise, which passed the most rigorous project verifications last year, from the quality system to the project.
Operations, information security, financial management, etc. have been tested. The clinical project monitored by the company after the “7.22 self-checking” in 2016 was approved through cfda verification; the first Cfda on-site verification was carried out by the Shanghai Fangda and Teghya Bioanalytical Centres project; the Shanghai GOOS laboratory passed cap validation verification three months after its official arrival; the company and its subsidiaries passed the year-round.
The impact of the National Food and Drug Supervisory Authority ' s self-checking activities on clinical trials has led to slower progress in the company ' s clinical trial technical services operations, increased project workload and increased costs, resulting in a decrease of 8.03 per cent in the Māori rate for the company ' s clinical trial technical services category;
Since 2016, the company has increased the offer for this type of business, but the signing of orders for the company ' s clinical laboratory technical services has been on schedule, with a clinical trial of about three years and a revenue recognition rate of about three:4:3 and a previously signed contract project will still affect the year of the implementation period The subsidiary ' s adoption of a low-price, high-quality marketing strategy has reduced the Māori rate for the company ' s clinical trial technical services business by 7.54 per cent.
The company's management has taken a number of measures to improve contract offers, improve efficiency, reduce human costs, and integrate human resources both within and outside the country.
2.2 Consistency evaluation offers new opportunities and Be operations are expected to become new growth points
Consistency evaluation, i.e. the requirement that imitation be carried out at the same rate and to the same extent as the original research agent type, at the same dose, at the same structure, with the same active ingredient and with the same mode of delivery, with the same treatment and safety effects as the original study. i.e., i. the imitation process is to achieve the same pharmacological and biological equivalency as the original study.
In order to actively encourage pharmaceutical companies to participate in the consistency assessment, the document specifically mentions that the social protection sector will provide appropriate support in the payment of health care, and that health-care institutions should give priority to procurement and clinical selection.
The National Food and Drug Control Authority issued a circular on 25 May 2016 on matters related to the implementation of the Opinion of the Office of the State Council (No. 106 of 2016) on the evaluation of the consistency of the quality and efficacy of generic medicines, which also stipulates that:
Simulations approved for listing prior to the implementation of the new register classification of chemical substances, including national generics, imported generics and localized varieties of primary drugs, are subject to a consistent evaluation.
In principle, the consistency evaluation for pharmaceutical oral solid formulations (annex) should be completed by 2018; if overdue, the enterprise may organize its own consistency evaluation for the counterfeiting of pharmaceutical solid formulations for chemicals other than those in paragraph 2 above; after the first product has passed the consistency evaluation, the same consistency evaluation for other pharmaceutical manufacturers will not be accepted for three years. ]
The document also publishes a list of the first varieties to be evaluated in terms of the consistency of generic medicines and requires them to complete their consistency evaluation by the end of 2018. The document also includes all generic pharmaceutical solid formulations approved for listing by October 2007, consisting of 289 varieties, 17740 approvals or registrations, involving 1,817 domestic manufacturers and 42 imported pharmaceutical companies.
At the end of 2018, just two years remained, the consistency evaluation was not only strong, but also urgent. There are few companies in the country that can now afford a one-time evaluation of generics, most of which need to be done with the resources of the crón enterprise, which has a larger clinical presence.
But, after the 7.22 self-checking, not only did hospital motivation be affected, but also a number of hospitals qualified for clinical trials. For the Be (quality and therapeutic consistency evaluation of bioequivalency) tests, hundreds of them were already involved.
By the end of last year, the company had 10 Be-based clinical projects, each worth roughly $2.8 million to $3.5 million (of which more than one third is spent on hospitals).
A professional team focused on Be Business to improve efficiency. The policy dividend of Ben Be Business, which is expected to be a bright spot in the company ' s performance in 2017.3 Clinical research advisory services form a healthy industry circle, with a strong corporate performance contribution
Clinical research-related advisory services are carried out primarily by subsidiaries, which make a significant contribution to corporate performance with the quality of their over-cooled services. The companies have now developed modules on clinical trial technical services, data management and statistical operations, bioanalysis and cmc operations, investment operations, smo operations, and a health industry that goes hand in hand, both within and outside the country, with more rational business structures and risk-resistant capabilities.
3.1 Fonda's medical performance has been significant, and Hangzhou Simmer continues to grow at a high rate. Fonda is a cro company with operations covering the United States and China. Its main operations are cmc, bioanalysis, i-clinical tests, etc., and its subsidiaries are in Shanghai with leading biological sample analysis techniques, skilled professionals and state-of-the-art.
Bioanalysis and the development of cmc pharmaceutical products can serve the entire drug research and development process, complement and complement the previous company’s business effectively, and fill and expand the company’s chain of industrial services.
Increased corporate profitability, combined competitiveness and internationalization, and further accelerated and improved company participation in the Asia-Pacific region’s leading curro chart 12 bioanalytic service flow chart Fonda medicine as the target for company restructuring in 2014, making an important contribution to the company’s enhanced performance.
In 2016, Fonda Medicine completed 82.98% and 100.10% of its annual performance commitments, respectively. We believe that in 2016, the central management organization (smo), which mainly provides management services for clinical trial centres in Hangzhou, is one of the largest smo companies in the country, focusing on providing clinical research institutions and researchers with clinical research (crc) services.
Increase in the rate of high growth in Hangzhou Simmer operations in 2016, with over 300 annual implementation projects and over 620 employees. 3.2 The revenue from statistical analysis operations is recognized as fast and high. According to data from the first half of 2016, the share of corporate statistical analysis services operations in the income from the main business was 17 per cent, public.
The Division accounted for the highest percentage of operations in addition to the clinical trial technical service operations and the Fangda pharmaceutical bioanalysis, cmc service operations, which were recognized as operating faster than large clinical operations and could normally be completed within one year. In addition, the company has developed clinical data collection systems, clinical data analysis systems, clinical test data management systems, clinical research database systems, cdms clinical
We believe that company upgrading in systems such as data collection, clinical data statistical analysis, data management, etc., will effectively improve the quality of PBE data management and statistical analysis services, provide technical support for statistical analysis of data for high-end client groups at home and abroad, and secure the acquisition of JTN, extending from pharmaceutical coro to medical devices.
In April 2017, the CVC formally approved the approval of the company for the release of the stock. When the acquisition is completed, the company will be further structured.
This year, we believe that Tetun Teri will make a significant contribution to the company’s performance when it completes and forms. The main operation of the Tetun Teri battalion is in the field of medical equipment cro, with four subsidiaries and a Sun Company under the flag.
The main operations of Tetun Teri and its subsidiaries include the provision of medical equipment technology services for clinical trials, medical equipment registration counselling services, medical equipment industry talent hunting services, and ivd products registration and clinical services.
The company and its affiliates are one of the country’s first professional services in the field of medical equipment, medicine registration, clinical testing research. The company and its affiliates currently have 45 teams specializing in legal advice and registration, which provide clinical trials.
By 2015, more than 80 projects had accumulated clinical research. Thanks to good credibility and professional expertise, the company has now established a long-term and stable partnership with more than 3,000 manufacturers in 36 countries.
The 10,000-information database of medical appliances, which is classified in detail according to the medical profession, nature of work and geographical area, not only became a designated provider of services for the well-known medical appliances enterprise, but also expanded the company ' s registration and reporting operations, clinical laboratory research services. From the global market for medical appliances products, according to the data from the global market for medical devices in 2013,
Sales, estimated at $363.8 billion, are expected to grow to $513.5 billion in 2020, with a 5% annual compound growth rate. China’s medical equipment industry started late, but as the reform of the national health-care system deepened and increased access to private health-care services rose by 113% to $255.6 billion in 2014; from $306.7 billion in 2015 to 2017.
For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index is defined as follows: