U-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
The market pattern is expected to be further optimized by scarce bus experts, branded high-frustration rivers, and high-end products are emerging.
The new energy-based space for passenger cars is still in place, and the smart drivers are the first, the scarce bus expert, the branded El Pavilion River, and are focused on the steady development of the main industry, leading to the rise of the Chinese bus.
The chain of products is growing, the empire of passenger cars is made, the stock chain is clearly structured, the entire industry is actively deployed, the research and development investment is unbridled, and technology is building power.
The world's mainstream bus provider, the new power source of “wise” technology, smart swords for intelligent transportation systems, focused on the steady development of the main industry, and led to the rise of the Chinese bus.
In 1963, Yutong’s predecessor, the Chengzhou Bus Factory, produced the first long-distance bus, after which Wootong ploughed the market for buses, buses, school buses, refrigerators, ambulances, etc., and, as the times evolved and the needs of society evolved, introduced a large number of special vehicles, such as buses, seats, buses, buses, ambulances, and so on. Wootong also responded positively to the advent of the new energy and intelligent driving era.
Woo-tung has now achieved a global distribution of products to more than 40 countries and regions around the world, becoming the world’s mainstream bus manufacturer with excellent qualities and good slogans.
(a) From the initial bus product line, Woo-tung's product line has so far been extended to more than a dozen categories;
Government reception and high-end business.
Airport ferry, bus, bus, passenger, tourist, commuter.
Public business car, Utunt7 public business, Utun special car, including rescue.
There are currently 11 school buses, Utsong RVs including B, Utsong are currently rolling out a total of 2.
There are currently 12 bus lines covering large, medium, and small, high-end vehicles; including firewood.
Cars, command cars, trial, car captains from 5 meters to 10 meters no passenger cars with diesel, gasoline,
Type-c, trailer, total airport ferry, long car (2.8t), petrol
Cars, cold chains, 24, meeting different homes (3.5tv6), electric.
The passenger cars can be used simultaneously for passenger transport, travel, commuter travel.
The ownership structure is clear and the entire industry is actively deployed The Woo-tung passenger vehicle is a private and well-owned enterprise with a 37.19 per cent shareholding in the Woo-tung Group, which is the largest shareholder and actually controls seven people, including Yu Yuxiang; other shareholders have more decentralized shares, mostly by other institutional investors such as Hong Kong Stock Exchanges, the Fund, etc.
A total of 38 holding companies and 2 active companies are currently holding shares in Woo-Tung, covering such areas as automobile sales, auto parts production, goods networking, new energy vehicles.
New energy passenger vehicles have begun to accelerate their expansion in 2013, especially with the acceleration of new energy generation in public transport, with firms and industries rising for three to four years. Beginning in 2017, as a result of the tightening of the country’s new energy subsidy policy and the decline in passenger demand, the harvest and profits of the bus have fallen, but remain better than the industry as a whole, and the industry’s leadership has been firmly entrenched.
The volume of sales has declined slightly, with a steady increase in the share of the city rising since 2017, as a result of the tightening of the country’s new energy subsidy policy and the decline in the demand for passenger cars, and the sale of the bus has declined. The bus market has seen an upward trend in its occupancy rate in recent years, consistently higher than 32 per cent, and the industry has a strong leader.
In terms of rising market rates and a slight decline in performance, the overall decline in demand in the passenger-car industry has been a major cause of the decline in the Utopia’s performance in recent years. Subsidies have affected profit margins, leading profit-making industries, and, since 2017, have continued to fall, depending on the decline in sales, revenue, and so on.
However, U-Travell’s profitability has remained at the forefront of the industry in recent years. Research and development investments have been unbridled, technology-making power has been strong, and there has been an overall upward trend since 2013 in the share of U-TV R&D costs and R&D costs in total operating income, and companies’ innovation in technology and products.
In 2018, there was a significant increase in the cost and share of research and development of the Wootwarts, related to the cl6,cl7 product series launched that year, as well as to the promotion of fuel cells. There has been a steady increase in the creation of the world’s mainstream passenger vehicle providers, which sell more than 40 countries and regions worldwide, covering six major regions: Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, and CIS, with cumulative exports exceeding exports.
By the end of 2019, the company had 201 authorized service stations or service companies in the overseas market, more than 320 authorized service networks covering 98 countries and territories, with a 150-km radius of service. Woo-tung recently completed the Chinese export order for the largest volume of pure electric passenger cars in Europe, received 130 dual-source untrailed electric vehicles in Mexico, and continued to create a great deal of excellence abroad.
Chart: Woo-tung's brilliant moment abroad. Chart: Woo-tung's recent overseas orders, "Wise" technology aiding new energy sources, smart swords refer to intelligent transportation systems.
The company's new energy sources, which are based on pure electric power, hybrid power, fuel cell buses, and an autonomous cut-off point for “power-driven, power-controlled, battery” have made significant breakthroughs in the high-powered power systems, power cell integration and management of new energy buses. Among these, efficient power systems have increased the reliability and safety of power-driven systems, reduced the weight and power of electric machines; the power cell integration management system has raised the energy density of batteries by 13% and improved the environmental adaptiveness of the battery system.
The company expects to take the lead in intelligent driving in the area of public transport and urban sanitation vehicles. To that end, Woo-Tung has introduced products such as smart networked electric buses, which have achieved a number of smart driving functions through such systems as collision alerts, 360 optic aids, and Woo-Tang networks, with autonomous cruises, traffic swaps, emergency brakes, roads, etc.
Automation features such as access, co-ordination of roads, autonomous access, and precision stopovers have made it possible to operate safely in 2,300 typical scenarios of different environments, roads, etc. Charts: Wootong new energy “wise” technology Chart: Utongnet public transport u10
ii. Establishment of the bottom of the medium- and bus industry, where market patterns are expected to be further optimized The bus industry continues to contract, the transformation of the enabling future growth of the public transport market is crucial, and overseas markets have great potential
The trend towards a more stable public transport market, waiting for the pace of urbanization and the replacement of new energy sources.
The drop in sales is weak, the "gauge" in the school bus market needs to be filled, and Utun's leader is unshakeable.
From 2016 to 2019, sales of school buses declined most sharply, with an overall decline of more than 50%, while the bus market was heavily affected by new energy sources. The passenger-car industry is a weak-cycle industry, partly influenced by policies, and the future growth of the passenger-car market is largely due to a “electricization, globalization, and high-end” transformation.
The public transport market is vital, with the potential of the overseas market, which in 2019 accounted for the highest share of bus sales in the medium and bus markets, with more than half of them still in the category of goods that bus enterprises need to hold firmly to themselves. In 2019, the share of large and medium bus sales abroad reached 16.91%, and there is still much room for growth in the overseas market.
Figure: Large passenger vehicles distributed by function in mid-2019 Big passenger distributed by function in mid-2019
The trend towards a downside of the public bus to a school bus has been marked by a trend towards concentration of the head of the country's bus market, which is more influenced by the policy, and the demand that it creates is likely to have a greater impact on the volume of sales in the industry in the short term.
The bus industry is characterized by a strong concentration of headlines, leading firms to compete for a living space, and marginal firms are afraid to be eliminated. Chart: Impact factors on the volume of bus sales
The new crown epidemic has worsened the national and global economic situation, directly or indirectly reducing the need for residents to travel, and the new energy subsidy policy has been in place since around 2017.
At the same time, the 2020 subsidy will be the 2019 subsidy mark, and the rise of high iron and private cars has been widely divided since 2012 between rail traffic and private cars.
Requirements for passenger transport; at the same time, intra-city orbital traffic has led to a decline in the total volume of public transport and the demand for diverted buses.
Space. In 2015 and 2016, for example, the long-term space of the bus market was overstretched ahead of schedule because of favourable subsidy policies.
The public transport market has stabilized, waiting for the urbanization drive and the new energy replacement cycle, and the growth of urban public transport holdings has declined more sharply since 2017, and the demand for public transport in the market has begun to shrink.
Correspondingly, there has been a continuous decline in bus sales since 2017, as a result of falling market demand, a steady increase in the volume of passenger seating traffic, and an increase in the level of enrichment of use. Since 2017, the volume of passenger seating traffic has begun to rise as a result of a decline in market demand, a tightening of State subsidy policies, and the diversion of private cars and rail traffic.
In the last two years, the decline in the number of seats has slowed, and the overall volume of sales has changed more slowly. The drop in sales has been weak, and the “gap” in the school bus market has to be filled.
The reason for the persistently low sales of school buses is, on the one hand, constrained by the lack of incentives for subsidies; and, on the other hand, by the low rate of use and high operating costs. However, it is estimated that there is still a huge gap in the market, and there is still much room for growth in the school bus market.
The State enacted the Comprehensive Regulations on the Safety of School Vehicles in 2012 to stimulate the market for school buses.
There has been an outbreak of growth. But there have been no related policies in recent years, and there has been a lack of subsidies.
Six provinces, Guangdong, Hunan and Hubei, have their own development.
Low use of school buses, high operating costs, characteristics of the roll-out of school buses
In 2019, four companies entered the “million clubs” with a cumulative sales volume of 58633 and a market share of 30.92 per cent, which is more than two times that of the second largest company, with a strong leader. Fukuda Oui has entered 20,000 clubs, with more than 15,000 buses in the middle, and Hagrid has moved to 10,000 clubs.
Chart: Top 10, top 10, top 2019, top 10, top 10, top 10, top 2019, top 10, top 2019, top 10, top 2019.
I mean, with the athetenedofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofthepersonofpersona
I'm going to be forced to use the Golden Dragon Bus as an electric vehicle, Biadi as an electric vehicle, and the East Wind Brigade as an alternative.
There's a great deal to be done in overseas markets, high-end products come out of the market for many years.
It's a big game for overseas markets, and it's going to change the pattern of competition, and it's going to be a big game for overseas markets, and it's going to be a long way ahead, and it's going to be branded with high-end cars, and it's going to break the foreign monopoly.
With the exception of 2017, U-Travell’s overall overseas sales have changed steadily in recent years, with a slight decline in the last two years. The U-Travell overseas exports have been the world’s first in several consecutive years, making them the largest single-storey passenger-car business in the world.
In recent years, there has been an overall upward trend in the volume of domestic passenger traffic abroad, and there is still much potential for overseas markets. Chart: The volume of domestic passenger traffic abroad in recent years and changes in comparison.
The bulk of Utunbus products is sold to dozens of countries and regions, including the United Kingdom, France, Russia, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Chile, Colombia, Australia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Hong Kong, covering six major regions: Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, the Middle East, and the CIS, with a cumulative export of over 70,000.
After-sales services. The company has also established multiple offshore accessories hubs in Russia, Australia, Panama, South Africa, the United Arab Emirates, etc., and has authorized 104 distribution agents to provide fast and efficient supply to end-users.
CIS People ' s Republic of China Russian Federation
Saudi Arabia Colombia Algeria
Singapore Georgia Israel
Ecuador Burkina Faso Philippines
Kuwait Cameroon Lebanon
Luxembourg United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Bulgaria Paraguay Côte d ' Ivoire
Ethiopia, Pakistan, overseas markets are overridden, the epidemic may change the pattern of competition.
In overseas markets, Woo-Tung also has a number of powerful competitors, including the European six bus company, Mercedes Mercedes Benz, Japan’s Mitsubishi van, etc. New opportunities in overseas markets have emerged as a result of the continued spread of the overseas epidemic and good internal control of the epidemic; the epidemic has created even greater visibility for overseas bus companies.
The epidemic hit the supply chain and the industrial chain, with Europe closing nearly 30 factories in 48 hours, and some of the small passenger-car manufacturing businesses closing down. Chart: The world’s world-renowned passenger-car business is booming in overseas markets, catching opportunities ahead of schedule.
In 2018 and 2019, Yutung’s new overseas energy sales were at 100, and the demand for the overseas new energy bus market has just begun and is now in the window, with a larger share of the new energy layout for the overseas bus industry, which is late and takes advantage of the opportunity, is ahead of schedule, intends to occupy the market earlier, and is looking forward to development. Chart: Yutong’s new energy bus's overseas layout thinking
Woo-tung owns more than 200 authorized service stations or service providers overseas, perfects the global marketing and after-sales network, more than 300 authorized service sites.
Yu-Tung has set up several offshore accessories centers in Russia, Australia, Panama, South Africa, the United Arab Emirates, etc.
With regard to the promotion of new energy buses, Woo-tung has expanded rapidly overseas in France, Iceland, and new energy buses.
Denmark, Finland, Bulgaria, etc. have achieved the 100-week age of the World War II truce in Paris, France.
Efforts to raise brand image and recognition abroad, major international conferences such as Shanghai Expo 2018 and Yashin 2019 have constantly increased the influence of “China made.”
With the branding of high-end cars, the power to break the foreign monopoly, Woo-tung, with the brands and slogans that have accumulated for many years in the area of passenger vehicles, launched the series of high-end passenger cars t7 in due course, creating a product image through participation in conferences and conferences, actively launching domestic feeder cities, opening up overseas markets, and setting up the poles for high-end commercial buses.
Toyota's high-end business office, the Wutunt7 series of swords, carrying the flag of an autonomous branded public business bus, aims to end Toyota's “single-eat” era. Chart: Toyota 7 and Toyota Kostal Wootunt7 are participating in the two national meetings and the National Congress.
And at the summit, the Forum, the Central African Union, the High-end Business Hostel, the host of the top-level meetings of the Forum and so forth.
The Utunbus program is fully integrated into the "one-way" construction of the domestic feeder city, and we're going to step up the layout along the "one-way" route.
City. And use a long way to raise the degree of rigour in the design process beyond: achieving the goal of a bus = sedan.
Building a complete, scientific research and development process and standard system.
With the policy and early overdrafts affecting demand, the base of the new energy passenger vehicle has now been regressed but extended for two years, waiting for new energy to grow.
With a wide range of policy contributions, new energy development spaces remain, high-level autopilots are powerful, demonstration operations are emerging, policy and early spillover impacts are needed, and the base of the new energy passenger vehicle is now available.
Starting in 2016, as a result of the tightening of the country’s new energy subsidy policy and the declining demand for buses, the overall sales of new energy buses began to decline slowly. As the overall volume of sales in the industry declined, the volume of new energy buses in Wootong also declined from 2016, affected by the epidemic and local fiscal pressure, and sales are expected to fall further, but the bottom is relatively clear.
The new energy bus industry is expected to enter the upper cycle in the next two years. Subsidies continue to fall, but continue for two years, waiting to grow new energy.
Taking into account the demand and cost-side pressures of the new energy vehicle industry, the subsidy policy, which was scheduled to be completely eliminated in 2021, has now been extended for two years to 2022, bringing some relief and new possibilities for the industry.
In 2016, the new energy subsidy policy was stronger, with Woo-tung ' s new energy subsidy revenue exceeding 50%. Starting in 2017, as the new energy subsidy policy slowed down, the new energy sales revenue of the Woo-tung passenger vehicle fell in tandem with the subsidy ' s income share.
The decline is a major cause of the decline in Woo-tung’s sales revenues.
With regard to subsidies for new energy buses, a multi-ministerial policy system has been developed, in cooperation with various ministries, from promotion to subsidies to evaluation. Currently, bus holdings are expected to be close to 700,000, of which about 50% are pure powered by electricity, about 20% by fuel power, about 20% by natural gas, and about 10% by hybrid power.
In addition, the first new energy buses are approaching the retirement age, and the related needs are expected to be concentrated or released early in the next two years through subsidized policies.
Quality assurance for new vehicles.
Promotion of the application of policies The amount of the increase in the price of oil is linked to the number of new energy vehicles being promoted and implemented
Supervising the physical operation of new energy buses, the granting of subsidies and the quality assurance of production
The power of high-level autopilots is strong, and demonstration operations are emerging. Utun autopilots of pure electric buses are already equipped with normal autopilot capabilities to structure roads and open commuting roads to campuses.
Trailing and forecasting techniques, route planning techniques, multi-car crash avoidance techniques in v2v, 21 technologies, etc., have achieved pass-through, precise access, road-by-road co-operation, primary barriers, overloads, meetings, diversions, and follow-on functions. Qui Woo-tung has now achieved a class 1-4 autopilot on a smart bus, Xiaowoo. In order for auto-drive buses to actually operate, they have a class 1-4 auto-drive bar.
At its core, Woo-tung built a package of 5g smart bus system solutions, built a "car-road-net-win-law" integrated, and built a fully coordinated new generation of smart network transport systems. The U-tung-brain-brain solution now has the capacity to deliver across the country.
Chart: U-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-S-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-
In May 2018, Woo-tung displayed a 10-metre bus park commuter for the third generation of autopilot systems. In November of the same year, Woo-tung and China United completed the construction of a 5g demonstration network in the China-for-new energy plant area, covering the entire region where the new energy bus complex operated automatically.
On May 17, 2019, the 5g Smart Bus project, built by the Henan Provincial Government and the Utunbus in conjunction, landed on Wisdom Island. Four Utunl4 auto-drive buses began to run on Wisdom Island on a trial basis.
The company, as the leader of the domestic bus industry and the world's largest bus producer, has been focused on and led to developments in the area of passenger vehicles, with an advantage of scale and technology.
The company has been well run and constantly creates value for its shareholders, and is now at the bottom of the industry, and we look forward to a gradual recovery in the future of the bus industry and the company’s industry.
We expect the company to return to its mother-to-child net profits of $700 million in 2020 and $1.6 billion in 2021, respectively, and of 0.32 ps, respectively, to recover the demand of the passenger-car industry from expectations that the concentration of new energy buses will not be released.
Pacific Securities Institute, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.