Europa (603833) light-manufacturing, multi-channel convergence and steady increase in profitability, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company issued its first quarterly report in 2018, which generated revenues of $1.906 billion, an increase of 31.58 per cent over the same period; real net profit of $7.356 million for the mother, an increase of 32.48 per cent over the same year; net profit of $62.557 million after deduction, a steady increase in profitability and a change in accounting policy that affected the withholding of non-net profit growth rates.
The increase in direct materials was 39.22% over the same period, while 17 years of production at new production bases, depreciation over Māori production, and a gradual return to normal levels of 33.91% over the quarter, an increase of 2.91 pp over the same period.
The effect of the increase was a 3.7 pp increase in the company ' s three-fee rate over the same period, with 37 per cent increase in sales costs, management policy changes resulting in the transfer of the company ' s treasury revenue to non-recurring gains and losses in the first quarter of 18 years, but for the same period of 17 years, recurrent gains and losses were recorded without taking into account the two major factors of change in accounting policy and equity incentive costs.
In combination, the net interest rate of the company for the first quarter is almost equal to the power of the new product class, with multiple channels running in parallel. In 17 years, the number of Ophelia ' s 192 new doors has reached 839, with $390 million a year, an increase of 85%.
The growth of the cabinets will continue to increase, as will their profitability. The expansion of the company’s closets, guard baths, and wooden doors.
• Increased IT competitiveness and improved operational efficiency. Companies work more closely with ibm, Siemens, oracle, etc.
Platforms, order breakout management platforms wcc, order sales management platforms mtds, order operation management flats (603833): multi-channel co-operation, counterscs, order manufacturing execution management platforms aps/mes and order logistics management platforms mcts, etc.
2. Europole residence (603833): performance continues to grow, resulting in a continuous decline in the cost of legacy sheets and cabinets, a continuous increase in management efficiency and a significant downside of costs
The top of the cabinet is becoming a full house star (2018-01-30) and the management system is improving. 3. Europa residences (603833): cabinets are growing faster, clothes are growing faster.
4. Europa residence (603833): Multi-symmetrical action, making it clear that Novo has not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.