Light manufacturing, closet growth is more and more predictable, and the vanguard is becoming more prominent.
This is mainly due to increased advertising costs; management costs increased by $116 million, compared to the same increase; by category, the cabinet business generated about $999 million, compared to 12.37 per cent, and we expect large businesses to grow by about 80 per cent, corresponding to about $800 million at end c, corresponding to the same increase.
(c) End-of-end income split by brand, of which the Ophori cabinet increased by 16.6 per cent to 56.14 million gross market value/flow (million dollars) and the main European brand c increased by about 4.8 per cent, while the revenue from the closet business increased by about 57 per cent over the same period;
Highest/minimum ($) for 12 months about 20 per cent, currently 15 per cent of the total number of European garment cabinets a, b, c, respectively, and Europa (603833), a high quality.
In terms of unit prices, the company began to promote a variety of whole-house meals in 2017, which led to an increase of about 21% in unit prices (manufacturing calibres), and the share of marketed packages in some regions reached an overall level of competition at this stage of the industry.
It's not easy to maintain 30% growth on the basis of stockholders' confidence in corporate development without loss. 315 promote industry-wide participation in discounts, and 51 promote companies that are even more powerful than 315.
Europa Homes (603833) "Incentives match expectations, and it's thought that on the one hand, industry leads with a cost advantage of scale, allowing consumers to take on small brands, the period of high-speed growth just started."
Raising the rate of city occupancy has become a consensus in the industry, and while consumers are somewhat sensitive to prices, we still believe that custom-based households are representative of consumer upgrading, and that product differentiation and excellent services are at the heart of enterprises when prices are relatively reasonable.
Competitiveness, consumers do not always choose the cheapest products to buy. We believe that the future of brands that are well positioned for consumers will be more promising, and that following the price strategies of competitors may lead to a loss of direction.
We'll talk about the 19,800 package here, and we've got four stages of change in the way the furniture industry sells and attracts, and we're here.
The main difference between the flat price and the whole package is that the former starts from factory-made thinking and tells consumers, in the simplest way, what the unit price of our product is, how much we pay.
And the whole suite, driven by Europa, is based on a consumer perspective, starting from the basis of custom-made one-stop shopping, six-stop one-stop solutions, the idea of selling solutions, selling lifestyles, and we think it's more likely than ever to be a future industry.
And from the perspective of the distributors, the latter pushes up sales revenue and Maori while they lower the unit price of the product, and the sales drive and enthusiasm of the distributors are not important as we expect the closets to continue to grow at a high rate, and the cabinets to grow at a steady rate, everyone.
The housing model continues to be explored and innovative, and the synergy between the wooden door and the closet business is becoming apparent, and the income end is expected to continue to grow at a relatively rapid rate in 2018. We expect investment risk in 2018-2019: real estate increases are lower than expected, orders are not better than expected.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.