On May 22, the company released a loan transfer plan for the release of the total amount of funds that could be transferred.
The sum of up to $1.8 billion, after deducting the cost of distribution, will be used for a project to build a remote production base (phase II), a project to build a tin-free production base (phase II), and a project to build a built-up smart house in Chengdu.
\triangleright \triangleright The current remoldable fund will continue to be used to expand productive capacity. The Far Production Base (phase II) will build new cabinets, closet lines to accommodate some of the capacity of the Guangzhou Production Base; the Tinless Production Base (phase II) will be equipped with closets,
This site will form a national production layout for Guangzhou and Tianjin, and the logistics efficiency is expected to increase further. The Europa closet will continue to grow at a very high rate, and the future O’Hara is expected to work.
With regard to the \triangleright Europa closet, the rate of growth for the quarter has remained high, at 54% over the same period. The pace of shop layout will continue to accelerate for 18 years, and the Europa closet has become an important engine of growth for the company. In addition, the company is actively promoting Europa.
Lei's clothes are integrated, and he earns $72.6293 million a quarter, an increase of 41%. 80-90% of his dealers are now profitable and can grow in the future.
The company continues to push for information-based construction that connects consumers and factories through the c2m digital platform, which, on the one hand, optimizes the user’s experience and achieves one key design, one key offer, and one key entry. On the other hand, the information-based table will help to standardize the base and produce more efficiently.
The company is a leading company in custom furniture.
1. The Eurasia (603833) Quarterly Report 2018: A Continuous and Rapid Growth in Performance, a Strategy for All.
• Promoting the development of all categories of goods.
Chen Baidu, Master of Technology and Economics, Beijing Transport University, 2012 Allied Democratic Securities Institute, engaged in light industry and listed company research. Chen Cheol, Master of Engineering, Zhejiang University, joined the Institute of Private Securities in 2017 for light industry and listed companies.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,