In the 18-year-old Quarterly report, Europa recorded a revenue of $1.906 billion over the reporting period, an increase of 31.58 per cent.
During the reporting period, corporate revenue grew by 31.58 per cent over the same period, while the number of Europa cabinets increased by about 3 per cent over the same period, while the same rate increased by nearly 20 per cent, with a slightly higher than anticipated increase in the same store, and a smaller net increase in the 18q1 cabinet, with a 10 per cent increase in the rate of recovery and a modest growth in domestic growth;
Customized closets, Ophori, residential business as a company's new business, high harvests, and, according to our projections, closets, Ophori, sanitary baths, wooden gates, 18 q1 receipts, respectively, increased by about 57 per cent, 40 per cent, process business channels were superior, and the power vendor team performed well, with the 18 q1 power channel sales increasing by the same amount.
The Māori rate has returned to normal levels, with a short-term increase in the cost rate. The Māori rate has been lower than in the previous reporting period, and has returned to normal levels this year; and 2) the cost of marketing has been higher than last year’s.
Both are expected to decline with income growth in the next quarter, with a net increase of $14.657 million in investment returns due to increased revenue earned on revenue) as a result of the increase in factoring revenue during the same period last year, with a slowdown in net interest gains due mainly to changes in accounting policies.
Ten thousand dollars of management gains are classified as non-recurrent gains and losses, and the same period last year as recurrent gains and losses.
The price of raw materials has risen dramatically, and Ophiri and everyone is not doing as expected. The Europole Homes: Business, Channels, and Homes are at the forefront.
The company is the front-runner in the entire cabinet, a double brand and multi-species expansion guaranteed growth driver, and the cost rate is expected to be lower with the income scale, with a steady return on profitability.
Qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, light-work manufacturing: light-work, home-based, Yang Zhiwei
Lew Kaina.