A high-quality annual report, which brings steady happiness to investors, drops by 1.91 percentage points, mainly because of higher direct material costs and the start-up of production bases.
The resulting increase in manufacturing costs, such as depreciation, we estimate that direct materials/manufacturing costs/direct workers affect the Māori ratio of the main business by 1.09.0.87/-0.05 percentage points, respectively. The net interest rate of the company is the solid development of the Europae cabinet owner, the engineering/Opery/export drive.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Opley's income increased by more than 90 per cent over the same period, the European flagship brand 2c grew by about 10 per cent, and, from the tunnels, there was a net increase of 62 cabinets, and the elasticity of the new store's contribution to income was about 3.5 per cent.
Euroshare (603833) Small non-shareholders promise 6-7% growth in the same income as the same store.
The shopkeepers and the customers' share of the price increase are excellent. $3.296 billion is collected at the end of the closet, compared to the Euroside (603833), which is an increase of 62.98 per cent, and 2,065 million in the second half of the year, representing an increase of 62.84 per cent and q4 per cent.
The revenue is $1.16 billion, an increase of 62.17 per cent over the same period. By split, we estimate that the volume of large businesses has increased by about 60 per cent, the number of doors has grown by 478 to 1872, and we estimate that the channel has contributed 15 per cent, 29 per cent and 56 per cent, respectively, of the total number of europea-, b- and c-city stores.
In terms of unit prices, in 2017, the company promoted a variety of whole-house packages, which led to an increase of about 21% in unit prices (out-of-work calibre) and more than 60% in some regions. On the basis of 19,800 packages, the company continued to introduce more upgraded packages for consumer selection, with differences.
The product-support company has grown rapidly in the form of wood, paint, etc., and has made mistakes with competitors. The wooden door closets have been fully integrated and two-pronged on the bottom line. The company's wood gate collected $321 million, generating $137 million, an increase of 57.16 per cent over the same period.
The same year was 181% higher than in 2016. Since the first half of 2017, when the wooden door line was imported into the classic "1+10" system of Europa cabinets, a full-scale push has been made for core market operations, layouts, displays, shop 4s, installation of 4s, etc., and, on the other hand, because the Europa closet is already operational.
There's a high profile in the industry, and the flow between the wooden doors and the closets is inevitable. The combination of the wooden doors + kicks + the wallboards + the mouths can increase the value of the guest list by nearly double.
Informatisation is one of the European troikas, but it's a weaker link than competition.
The Europeans have also attached great importance to information-based research and development in recent years, and have made great strides, and the mtds system, as a tool for future end-user marketing, integrates scale, design, billing, etc. systems, modular design, one key offer, etc.
It will greatly improve the efficiency of end-marketers. The custom industry is a more complex industry, and we believe that in many cases the bottleneck of business expansion is the poor replicability of core personnel, such as designers, the longer cycle of development, which is driven by the formalization of information.
It's also a trend that is inherent in the future. Europe has 65 major stores.
More than 50% of people live in malls, 45% of them. The company is now doing business with everyone, i.e. a suite of large items, including cabinets, closets, wooden doors, guard baths. On the one hand, we think that with the rising cost of flow, how to make large singles, how to spread costs, and how to improve the efficiency of the floor, we think it's done.
For important issues, on the other hand, the demand for one-stop purchases continues to rise as customer time is precious, and it has become a necessary trend for the future of the industry. But it has come up with a higher set of capabilities for business informatization, design, installation services, and manufacturing.
We think that the boundaries between the future home and the home will become more blurred, and that if we can put this whole thing together properly, it's going to have a huge chemical response.
In 2018, the closets, the wooden doors, the electrics, the everyone, the Ophori, are expected to continue to grow at a high rate at the revenue end in 2018. The strategic layout of the company's business as well as that of the company's future is constantly being tried and adjusted, and we expect to continue with the closet business.
With high growth, a steady growth in the cabinet business, a steady increase in the prices and positioning of O'Pygmy products, a pattern of popular exploration and innovation, and a synergy between the wooden door and the closet business, the income end is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in 2018.
Investment risk: real estate increases below expectations and orders below expectations
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.