The Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Leisure Studies (CYERC) outperforms the expectations of growth, with a high level of business performance and a high level of growth elasticity. In 2017, the company achieved its operating income, operating profits and net gains attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, respectively.
In 2017, the company achieved a recovery of nearly $10 billion, with a 33.50 per cent increase in q4 in the same season, ranking third in the industry, with higher net profits.
Over 50%, running the industry. At the end of the channel, distributors are the core of the absolute income contribution, but the bulk of the foreign forces are rapidly growing, close to $1 billion, at a rate of 68.53%.
It's a good thing that the company's big business continues to grow in the next few years, thanks to the windfall of renovations. Long ahead of expectations, the vanguard is stronger. Businesses are growing well, with a lot of bright spots.
Two and a half million dollars, with a growth rate of more than 19 per cent, b. and c. cities contributing $4.4 billion to the company.
At the same time, the engineering industry has made a breakthrough, with revenue growth of 135%.
The city has grown, and the fleet has set sail, 54.2%, of which the power source has grown rapidly, at a rate of 181%. When the woodgate business matures, the house, single shop, earns 465,000 yuan, receiving $390 million a year, an increase of 85%.
There is sufficient flexibility, both in terms of door-to-door expansion and single-stores growth. Everyone lives in 2017, and while the opening of doors has slowed down to a total of 65 during the year, contract performance has increased by 34 per cent throughout the year, with 45 per cent of all people with performance growth of over 50 per cent.
In view of the company's overall capacity to expand the closets on the market in ipo, the company has continued to improve the “all-you-go” industry, and has promoted the wooden door and sub-brand business. New performance growth is taking shape.
The risk of macroeconomic volatility: the risk of rising costs of raw materials: growth in income from “all-in-house” shops has not been expected, and information has not been built as well as expected. The niche of customization is unshakeable, with performance growth exceeding expectations in 2017.
In 2017, the company received $9.710 billion in real revenue, an increase of 36.11 per cent and a net gain of $1.3 billion, an increase of 36.92 per cent, exceeding the previous forecast increase cap of 1.92 pct.
The weak impact is that the earnings of firms associated with custom-based industries have slowed down during the single season, but companies, as the largest firms in the industry, have continued to grow by 33.50 per cent in a single season, ranking third in the industry, with net profits rising by more than 50 per cent, leading the entire industry.
In terms of revenue channels, the distributors continue to be the Department’s core sales channel, with revenues exceeding $8 billion, an increase of 34%, and growth in all other types of channels. Among these, the bulk of the business channels have surged, generating revenues of $964 million, an increase of the same amount.
68.53 per cent, compared with the increase of 1.93 pct. in 2016, is the fastest-growing channel for companies. Under the windfall of the renovation, the company’s bulk operations are expected to continue to grow well this year.
In the course of the year, the company strengthened the branding of the cabinets, striving to enhance their effectiveness through a communications strategy called “The Big Bang, Social Epidemic.” At the same time, the cost of the cabinets decreased by 1.09% and the incidence of leftovers by 0.6%, thanks to an upgrade in internal management, while the company cabinets were added in the past year.
There are not much of a small number of 62, with a total of 2,150, but single shops earn close to $2.5 million, an increase of up to 19.01%, which is a high level of industry. We believe that it is thanks to branding and product power that the two-way upgrading and the growth of co-stores have resulted in a 10.6% decline in the prices of the company's entire cabinets.
In recent years, companies have continued to sunk and, according to our calculations, the company's B-level channel rose by 10 pct., to 10 pct., to 10 pcm in 2017.
Revenues in excess of $1.5 billion, up by 80%, contributed to the growth of cabinet operations in absolute terms. C-level channels contributed about $2.9 billion, or 24.27%, over 0.8 pct.
Four hundred and seventy-eight, with a total of 1,872 shops and a single shop earning $1.76 million, an increase of 21.37 per cent. The company's closet business revolves around the “5d product matrix” and establishes a “triple one” research and development department, which has developed 16 full series of furniture products throughout the year.
In addition, a major breakthrough was made in 2017 in the pipeline, with a high rate of revenue growth.
Woodgate: Increased managerial intensity, followed by a leak in the closet business. The company ' s revenue from wooden gate operations was $321 million, an increase of 54.2 per cent, with electricity outlets growing at a rapid rate of 181 per cent. Looking back, the wooden gate business of 2017 found that the company had been mainly built and marketed by business systems in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, the company began to focus on team building and institutional restructuring, reconstructing the wooden gate marketing team, and strengthening the wooden gate operations.
The management strength of the team. The effect of the adjustment of the wood gate management has been demonstrated, with revenue of $220 million achieved in the second half of the year, an increase of 1.78 pct. over the first half of the year (the rate of revenue growth in the wood gate in the second half of the year is estimated to be 54.75 per cent).
In the light of the company's clothing flow experience, we see the growth of the flow of woodgate business as it matures and brings about an increase in the flow of other business. Figure 13: Europa Homegate business grew by 54.2 per cent in 2017.
April: Young positioning, rapid growth and elasticity. As a brand-new company that was launched only in 2016, we mentioned in our in-depth report, "Board Masters are on the market, everyone is anchoring the fleet," that Audrey compares with other brands that have been created or have just been created.
In view of the pregenital advantage, which can be achieved quickly by means of European channels and production advantages. At present, in 2017, O'Pheri completed the opening of 192 shops, with 839 total stores, with $465 million in single shops, and $390 million a year, an increase of 85 per cent.
On the other hand, the single-store income of the multi-million-grade single-storey closet shop, with O'Harley also having great elastic growth elasticity in single-storey growth, is still ample scope for future door expansion, mainly for the three-to-four-line consumer market, in conjunction with the company’s design of 1,200 shops for three years.
In 2017, it became a year of company-wide exploration and error, and the opening of the entire shop slowed down.
The number of shops is only 65, but the operation of the existing ones has begun to improve, with a 34 per cent increase in performance in the contract industry throughout the year, a 32.8 per cent increase in contract performance in the first half of the year, a 43.8 per cent increase in the second half of the year, and an increase in the overall maturity of the business to boost the development of the entire housing matrix.
The future of the information building is bright and looks forward to the results of the efficiency gains. The company is working with ibm, Siemens, oracle, among others, to plan and design a new unified order 3d design platform for the complex, clothing, wood, and Wei Qian finals, as well as the order-dismantling management platform wcc, among other major systems.
The company's reprogramming order management system mtds. has been localized and rolled out with the micro-credit system, and the design system is moving fast after the break. We believe that informationization is an important competitive tool for customizing home-based enterprises and a key barrier for the industry to watch companies complete their systems.
Planning for a re-enhancement of the efficiency gains of the overall operating costs after seamless symmetry of the process. Given the company’s ipo marketed to expand the overall capacity of the closet, the company’s continuous improvement of the “one-to-one” industry, its layout and promotion of the wooden door and sub-brand business, and its new performance growth are taking shape.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations: Risks of rising cost of raw materials: growth of income from “all-person” shops is not expected and information is not built as expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment