Europa Homes: Sustained high income growth, profit performance, Svanko, 2018.
▪ The company published a quarterly report for 2018: income of $1.906 billion was increased by 31.58 per cent over the reporting period; net profit returns of $74 million were increased by 32.48 per cent over the same period; non-net profits were lost — multi-purpose operations were spread across the country, and incomes continued to grow high: company cabinets were opened and were cultivated for many years.
In terms of products, brands, channels, etc., there is now a full range of products, channels, and the largest custom-made furniture enterprise in the country. During the reporting period, the company now earns $1.906 billion, or 31.58 per cent at the same rate of growth based on a slight pressure on the property chain.
A package sale, where companies effectively raise the unit price while moving in, is expected to contribute at a rate of 18 q1.  Māori ratio is rising in reverse and cost rates are well regulated: during the reporting period, the company achieved a combination of sales
The Māori rate is 33.91 per cent (+2.91 pct); the net interest rate on sales is 3.86 per cent (+0.06 pct). Companies have achieved Māori upscaling advantages in the context of rising raw materials prices and increased industry competition, mainly as a result of increased capacity utilization and compressed unit labour and depreciation costs.
Highlights. During the period, the company ' s three rates totalled 29.00 per cent (+3.67 pct), in which the sales cost rate was, for example, the company ' s regular cost control was good.  The advance payments were slightly improved and the operating cash flow was robust: during the reporting period, the company held goods
The total amount of the currency decreased from 3,219 million at the beginning of the year to 1,631 million, mainly due to net cash flows generated by the construction of the operations of the companies under construction, which amounted to 376 million, a decrease of 101.34 per cent compared with the same period in 17 years, mainly as a result of the increase in cash for the purchase of goods and the payment of services during the current period.
1. Europa Homes: The first year in the cabinet, the business of everyone continues to grow and build through multiple channels: the company owns a stronger product and canals, and the profits are slightly higher than expected -
The company grew 34% in 17 years, 32.8% in the first half, 43.8% in the second half, and 2.
Income growth has accelerated. Of these, 45% of the total number of people with performance growth of more than 50% a year have been in the mall, and the results are beginning to show.
The strategy, which is currently at the beginning of the “Design-driven integration of all European goods into one-stop custom-based home-based solutions for clients”, is the future in the context of consumption escalation.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board