On April 26, the company published a quarterly report for 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of 1.906 billion.
Dollars, 31.58 per cent increase in the same year; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $73,550.5 million, increase in the same year; sustained rapid growth in performance and increased profitability \triangleright
During the reporting period, corporate profitability increased, with the overall Māori rate rising by between 2.91 pt and 33.91 per cent.
Despite increased cost inputs, it benefited from an increase in investment returns, with net interest rates rising by 0.06 to 3.86 per cent. \triangleright reporting period, advertising increased more in the cost of company sales, and sales cost increased by 0.56 to 3.86 per cent on a year-on-year basis. \triangleright reporting period
Up to 14.05%; the cost of equity incentives in management costs, salary remuneration, and higher growth in R & D costs allow management to be synergized in all categories of goods and to see the future of O'Brien \triangleright
The company cabinets and closets are well under way, while the “1+10” operating system, the tree root system, are being imported into wooden doors and baths, and the major products such as cabinets, clothes, wood, and so on are expected to be synergized.
The company is a leading company in custom furniture.
Corporate “strongly recommended” ratings.1 Increases in raw materials prices;2 Downline in real estate sales.
Review: Fast growth of closets, first performance with O'Sheamo, 20180420 Performance forecast: Net increase in return for mother ' s profit
29%-39% of the kitchen cabinets are co-existed in the technical economics of Chen Baidu, Beijing University of Transport, 2012 Ally Min Seong Institute of Securities, in the light industry and in the public sector; Tsang Chul, Zhejiang University Master of Engineering, in 2017, in the private sector and in the public sector.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.