Europa light manufacturing. Multi-channel co-operation. Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Annual reports issued by companies, yielding revenues of $9.71 billion in 17 years, an increase of 36.11 per cent in the same year; net returns of $1.3 billion, an increase of 36.92 per cent in the same year; net returns of women after deductions, an increase of 32.2 per cent in the quarterly basis of growth in the cabinet, with a significant increase in the ability to make a profit after a large scale.
The main contribution to the growth of the company is revenue of 3.3 billion dollars, at a rate of 62.98 per cent. The bulk of the business is active, at a rate of 135 per cent. There has also been a marked acceleration in the growth of the sanitary baths and wooden gates, which have been optimized through the distribution channels, with a 25.63 per cent increase in the revenue from the sanitary baths, a 54.2 per cent increase in the revenue from the wooden gates, and an increase in the revenue from the woodgates.
181. Despite the resistance experienced in 16 years, operations were on track after 17 years of rapid reorientation, with 65 specialized shops throughout the country growing by 34 per cent over the year, 43.8 per cent in the second half of the year, and the full product development matrix was in shape.
In 17 years, the company has continued to operate at a faster pace, with a total of about 6,300 shops and more than 900 shops growing, with 478 stand-alone closets growing the fastest; faster openings have led to a 34% increase in distribution channels.
For 13 per cent, 26 per cent, 61 per cent, and 15 per cent, 29 per cent, and 56 per cent respectively, the number of city stores in the closets a/b/c. With the rise in the concentration of real estate and the improvement in the proportion of consummated houses, large businesses have become one of the major drivers of growth in performance; electric power suppliers have performed at 1,848 million, a 95 per cent increase over the same period, resulting in a significant increase in the efficiency of currents.
The efficiency control rate has shown significant results, with a rise in hedged raw materials. The increase in the price of raw materials in 17 years has increased by 39.22 per cent in direct materials over the same period, resulting in a decrease of 2.03 pp in the Māori rate; however, the company ' s efficiency control has reduced the rate by 1.5 pp over the same period in the previous year, and the cost of sales by 1.69 pp, and the associated sales and camps among the product categories.
The scale effect of sales is gradually emerging, helping to raise the net interest rate of the company by 1.16 pp to 13.39%. The year-end advance payments amounted to $1.38 billion, an increase of 27.7% compared to the initial increase in hand orders.
In-depth collaboration, new planning and design of a single order for the complex, clothing, wood, and major design products 3d Europa (603833): continued high-growth performance, billing platform, purchase order management platform wcc, order sales management platform mtds, order operation management flat
Counterscs, order-manufacturing management platforms aps/mes and order logistics management platforms mcts, etc., the cabinet taps gradually became house-wide stars (2018-01-30), resulting in a 0.6 per cent decrease in the legacy billing rate, a 1.09 per cent decrease in the cost of cabinets, a continuous improvement in management efficiency and a cost-side return
2. Europa residences (603833): cabinets are growing faster, clothes are growing faster and management systems are improving.
At present, the custom furniture industry has an average valuation of about 35 times, taking into account that the company has not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, because of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of the securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.