The Centre for Consumer Upgrading and Recreational Studies continued to perform well, with room for improvement at the cost end q1, with companies achieving operating income, operating profits and net ownership of shareholders in listed companies, respectively
The profits of $1.906 billion, $914.26 million and $73.558 million, respectively, increased by 31.58 per cent, the custom poles continued to grow by 30 per cent, the post-natal cycle concerns were largely eliminated. q1 company revenues.
1. The central reason for the continuation of a positive growth trend in the Europa Annual Report 2017. As a sector in the post-natal cycle, the previous decline in the landscape of the real estate sector raised market concerns, but the leading company remained in terms of growth in corporate q1 revenues and profits.
“III. A robust expansion of the market share can be achieved through channels and productivity advantages. This year, q1 residential merchandise houses are sold at an area of 260 million square metres, an increase of 2.5% over the previous year, with an increase of 0.2 pct.
The industry is still growing at a low rate, while companies are leading the industry, with advantages and strengths in the share, and 3. " Europa's three-quarterly editions of 2017 - a build-up of cabinets, a stronger leader " ,
We believe that there is still enough momentum for the company to grow. q1 Māori rates return to normal levels, and there is room for falling costs.
The new production base, which released climbing manpower costs and depreciation increases, led to a decline in the Māori rate, which rose from 2.91 pct. to 33.91 per cent this year, which is a return to normal levels. At the end of the spectrum, the company ' s q1 management costs rose significantly, at a rate of 68.36 per cent, mainly due to equity booms.
This year q1 increased the cost of advertising and advertising relative to previous years, raising the cost of sales by 37.01%. We believe that, for custom-made home businesses, the cost of selling is positive for revenue, so that subsequent company sales costs are positive.
The end-end may continue to grow, but the cost rate will not increase significantly, and will even decline with the rapid increase in income size.
New performance growth is taking place, given the company's ipo-listed expansion of the overall production capacity of the closets, and the company's continuous improvement of the “all-in-house” industry, and the promotion of wooden doors and sub-brand business. We maintain the risk of public macroeconomic volatility: the risk of increased cost of raw materials: “all-in-house” store revenue growth is not predictable.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market and then the average calculation of the final rating as the average market investment