Performance is short-lived, and the share of electrolytic fluid taps is expected to continue to expand.
The market share is expected to increase further with a price reduction strategy for the 3 electrolyte. In 2023, q3 electrolysis, Dun Yongkang 2, the company offered to reduce the market share. Currently, the company has liquid lithium hexafluorate, new additions.
Technology for products such as oliodfb and continued promotion of the new upstream lithium salt lifsi layout, q3lisi add-up rate of over 2 per cent, expected to rise to around 3 per cent next year, and lithium hexafluoride and lifsi self-supplied ratio of research assistant Lee Hyo Peng
More than 92% of the core additives are self-supplied at more than 80%. As downstream demand returns, the public research assistant sits on the iron phosphate business for a short period of time.
The slow pace of processing and upgrading of additional capacity has led to higher production costs, strong competition in the supersector, a decline in the unit price of the product, which has affected the realization of positive business profits. The company ' s total iron phosphate production capacity is planned at 330,000 tons.
The installation debugging phase, followed by the increase in the start-up rate and the impact of scale, will further increase the company’s positive losses. The offshore production base is being laid to its advantage, and the internationalization process is accelerating.
(b) In the North American region, planning for the construction of electrolytic liquid production was the main focus, and Morocco considered lithium hexafluoride in addition to the electrolyte, 1. Tiny material (002709.sz) for the semi-annual 2023 reporting point.
With the construction of overseas production bases, offshore markets are expected to open up to companies.
\triangleright Performance Note: q2 Performance Ring Decline, Electrolyte Profit 3. Quarterly Reportpoint (002709.sz) 2023
21, 16 times, taking into account the integrated layout of the company, the profit advantage is evident, the iron phosphate contribution is added, sustained: performance is as expected and electrolytic taps are resilient - 2023/04/19
\triangleright electrolytic taps with high performance, integrated layout driven down-
5. Quarterly reports for 2022 (002709.sz)
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.