For the first time, technology (6880808) covered the dram industry with three points resonance, and new business entered the arithmetic system - technology (6880808) with the first coverage report.
After two years of adjustment, the dram industry will turn up in 24 years, and ddr5 will be in the global dram market.
Aipc needs, which in turn pushes the consumer class dram specifications to converge to the server dram specifications Key market value in circulation (millions): Time node. The current core product lines of technology are mainly rcd, spdhub, pmic, etc.
The elasticity of performance will depend largely on the performance elasticity of the dram cycle and the dram upgrade belt. With the three-point resonance of the dram industry in 24 years, the company’s business space and the elasticity of the industry will be more than enough.
Profit elasticity will take place on a new step 23 years ago, and is expected to usher in a re-engineering of the valuation system. The technological development of the one technology, which will drive the supplier of the memory interface chip into the arithmetic system The logic of the company’s growth in the ai arithmetic is brought about by the technological development of the ai arithmetic system.
The improvement of the overall performance of the ai server, in addition to an increase in the numeric power of the gpu, is an important direction in technological development in terms of how to achieve faster network communications and enhance the ingestion efficiency of storage units and reduce the impact of the `remaining walls'. We judge the technology around network communications and storage units from 24 to 24 years.
Upgraded, synchronized. First, the pcie 5.0 ai server will be mainstreamed in 2024 and will enter the accelerated import phase in the next few years. We predict that from 24 years or so q3, the company's pcie/cxl retimer operations are expected to start. Mxc is expected to enter the bulk supply period from 24h2 to 25 years.
The start-up of retimer and mxc operations is expected to provide companies with greater business flexibility and profit space to help them move into the arithmetic system.
Starting with aipc, 24 years is the year in which the entire electronics industry enters the ai-enabling electronic terminal. The ai pc-backed notebooks and desktops are used on the udimm and so-dimmdram modules, and the specifications are close to the server specifications, and the ckd chip, as a low-matched rcd, is standard configuration.
From a space-based perspective, servers have nearly 300 million sets of pc per year, creating a completely new and vast market space. The company’s current 6400mt/s ckd product is expected to accelerate its performance in the first 24 years of aipc applications.
First-time coverage and rating with " buy-in " . Taking into account the firm ' s clear lead point, the risk of going up on a one-server: the ability of the competitor to expand is lower than expected; ddr5 penetration is faster than market expectations; cxl dram is faster: aipc penetration is faster:
Downside risk: ddr5 penetration is lower than expected; increased competition in the industry accelerates down prices; along with supply problems such as chip pmic: the core logic of technology is recommended at this point.
The first point, in 2024, is the convergence point for the dram industry “three points resonance.” The three points resonance refers to a two-year adjustment of the dram industry, which is turning upwards in a large cycle in 24 years, a rise in ddr5’s global dram market penetration from around 15 per cent in 23 years to a critical 50-60 per cent time point, as well as the al+-led alpc demand, thus driving the consumption class dram specification to a critical time node for the server dram specification.
The core product lines of technology today are mainly rcd (registering crackdriver), db (databuffer) and spdhub interface chips, which, together with the memory particles, form part of the core value of the dram bars used by the server. Their performance elasticity will depend largely on the changes in the dram cycle and the volume of single-module values resulting from the dram upgrade.
The second point is that the company’s growth logic in ari-calculation is brought about by the technological development of ai-calculation systems. The improvement of the overall performance of ai-server is how to achieve faster network communications and improve the efficiency of storage units and reduce memory, in addition to the increase in the weight of gpu-based computing.
The impact of the Wall is an important direction of technological development. We've judged that, starting in 24, technological upgrades around the network communication and storage units are taking place in the same direction. First, the pcie 5.0 ai server will become mainstream in 2024 and the demand for pcie 5.0 retimer will grow rapidly. Second, cxl2.0-cxl3.0 will enter the accelerated import phase in the next few years. We predict that from 24 years or so, the company pcie/cxlretimer will enter the accelerated import phase.
Third, starting with aipc, 24 years is the year of the entire electronics industry moving to the e-terms phase. As a new computer with the ability to deduce independently from the line, aipc needs a new level of single system performance.
On the udim and so-dimmdram modules, the specifications will also be aligned to the server specifications, and under the early notebooks and desktop ddr modules, at a rate of 3200 mt/s, there will normally be no need for high-capacity and complex memory configurations like the server, and no need for rcd or ckd chips. However, aipc was born, especially ddr5, requiring a transmission rate of 6,400 mt/s, and the ckd chip as a low rcd, forming the standard.
From a market space perspective, the number of sets of servers per year corresponds to almost 300 million sets of pc per year, creating a completely new and vast market space. The company ' s current ckd product of 6400mt/s is about to enter the production phase, with a large amount of input expected to accelerate growth in the first 24 years of aipc.
1.24 The dram industry “three points resonance” is expected to result in a re-constructed valuation. The ddr5 global dram market penetration has increased from around 15 per cent in 23 years to 50-60 per cent of the critical points of time, with al+-led alpc demand, thus driving the consumer dram specification towards the server dram specification.
First of all, we think the first resonance will be 24 years of q1, and we judge that the dram industry has entered a passive de-stocking cycle in 24 years q1, heralding the arrival of a new major cycle. The dram industry has gone down the cycle for more than two years since q3 came to the top in 2021, and the price of the dram particles has fallen to the bottom in the second quarter of 23 years.
A slight stabilization of the price of dram particles by reducing the supply and seeing results. After three consecutive quarters of rapid de-stocking, the stock of major customers in the direction of consumer electronics, communications, industry, vehicles, servers is now gradually returning to normal levels, and the inventory of server customers is expected to be completed in the first half of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the year.
The characteristics of the product's semiconductor chip determine that, once the market is expected to raise the price of the dram, a certain amount of upscaling will occur at a very high probability. So even if we judge that in 23q4 to 24q1, actual end demand or not start up so quickly, the stock level is not fully reasonable, but the process of refilling the channel and the system plant has already started ahead of time, leading to a period of passive de-stocking and active refilling, and so on.
We expect the full replenishment cycle to be 24q2-q3 driven by overall demand. Figure 2: Prices of rcd versus dram (United States dollars) Figure 1: Average spot prices of dram (United States dollars)
The second resonance point is the penetration rate of ddr5. According to our data, the actual penetration rate of q4, dddr5 in 23 years or less than 20% of what is generally expected in the market, but about 15%, which is mainly due to the impact of ddr4 going to stock progress. According to market feedback, the current demand for ddr5 is mainly from lpddr5 and server products, and there is a strong willingness to increase prices in both directions.
Aipc pulls through, and ddr5 penetration will increase rapidly, reaching 50-55% in q4. The ddr5 apparel rcd prices, which are expected to rise by more than 80% over dddr4rcd, will boost the growth of technology on rcd as the ddr5 penetration rises, as well as the overall increase in Māori, as reflected in the company ' s three-quarters report.
Figure 3: Projections of ddr5 penetration in 2023
Compared to other American and Japanese rivals, we measure that the global q3 and q4 ddr5 model has seen a significant increase in the share of the city of rcd over its competitors. This has benefited from the pre-emptive advantages of the company’s product-end R&D, on the one hand, and its well-established system of supporting chips and supply chains, on the other hand, the firm’s stable supply system on pmic and spdhub.
According to the relevant data, with the ddr5 penetration rate rising, the income from the primary technology business chip increased by 80%, while its competitor, Rambus, fell by 13% over the same period. We have reason to believe that, as the ddr5 penetration rate rises significantly, the company’s market share is expected to remain relatively high while achieving greater performance elasticity.
As industry continues to increase its demand for low delay and high bandwidth data transfer, the ddr5 platform iterative cycle has been reduced to 12 months compared to the 24-month average cycle of a new platform at ddr4. The current market mainstream of the ddr 5 generation is 4,800 mt/s specification, which began to be widely applied with the release of the intel sapphirrapids and the geona platform at amd.
The station has been released and is beginning to move into the production phase, which will drive the ddr5 generation 5,600 mt/s into the popularization phase in 24 years. In 24 years, the intel graniterapids and the turin of the amd are expected to drive the ddr5 generation 6400 mt/s to universalize.
The company, as a supplier of ddr5 interface chips, benefits from an increase in the volume of goods generated by the dddr5 penetration, and from a better return on profits than the dddr4 generation by accelerating the dddr5 generation change. In terms of the ecological dimension of the supply, the upgrading of the dddr5 specifications and the simplicity of the cloud factory’s purchasing calibre impose new requirements on traditional interface chip suppliers.
In addition to strengthening research and development on core product lines, such as pmic, companies are working strategically with major domestic manufacturers on spdhub, with a stable supply capacity to form their own moats on the ecological chain.
Figure 7: Rdimm architecture upgrade Figure 9: Advanced db operational delivery forecast (kk) Figure 10: Surrounded operations collection forecast (millions)
11: Rcd/db packages and accompanying chip income changes (millions) The third resonance point comes from the upgrading of hardware specifications brought about by the ai ' s ability to reach the consumer terminal. With the sale of products related to the q3aipc product over 24 years, pc will achieve a small computing function with a certain reasoning modelling capability, which will require dram memory specifications to start to align to the server.
On the side of the puzzle, the memory strips that were configured for companies rcd and spdhub are less used on generic pcs, but the demand for interface chips such as ddr5 specifications to 6400mt/s has begun to be widely applied on consumer-grade products, thus opening up the market space of companies. This is further explained in section III of this paper.
The significance of ai empowerment to the consumer terminal is that the company ' s rcd product will no longer be used solely for server demand, but will be gradually starting to be applied to pc and nb in the form of a ckd product, or to other smart terminals with a certain ai function, and the market space will be significantly enhanced.
2.ai technology trends, which drive the supplier of the memory interface chip into the arithmetic system. The company’s growth logic in ai arithmetic results from the trend in ai arithmetic technology.
The improvement of the overall performance of the ai server, in addition to an increase in the numeric power of gpu, is an important direction of technological development in terms of how to achieve faster network communications and improve the efficiency of storage units and reduce the impact of the `remaining walls'. We judge that the technological upgrade around network communications and storage units has been synchronized since 24 years.
First, the pcie 5.0 ai server will become mainstream in 2024. Entering pcie 5.0, the bandwidth will be upgraded from 64 gb/s of the 4.0 generation to 128 gb/s, and the data transfer rate will be increased from 16 gt/s of 4.0 to 32 gt/s. Multiply growth of the bus transmission speed has also resulted in increased loss of evasive communication and signal during transmission from cpu to ssd or other components from pcb.
As the need for a pcie 5.0 retimer continues to rise, so does the need for a pcie 5.0 retimer.
of which. pcie4aiser % pcie5 alserver % medium- and lower-levelai server (k)
pcie5retimer (k) pcie4retimertam(m$) pcie5retimertam(m$)
Second, cxl2.0-cxl3.0 will enter the accelerated import phase in the next few years. Although pcie 5.0 has met most of the demand in the current market. But it should respond to data tb level growth and isomer calculations.
The larger trend in development, pcie’s internal efficiency, delay, and data throughput, is already under pressure. Moreover, as the system’s cpu cores increase, the problem of the “remaining wall” becomes even more acute, and this has led industry to accelerate the development of the cxl (computeexpresslink) agreement and to form an alternative to pcie.
cxl, a acronym for computexpresslink, is a high-performance, open communication interconnection protocol that provides efficient communication between cpu and gpu, fpga or other accelerators, storage and other i/o devices, as well as memory. By Intel in 2019, it contributed its research results in the relevant direction and, at the time, drew on Google, microsoft, hpe, and Hua.
cxl allows high-speed and efficient interconnections between cpu and gpu, fpga or other accelerators, which is the original purpose of a new open interconnection agreement like Cxl, launched by Intel. cxl is interconnected by three interfaces (cxl.io, cxl.cache and cxl.mem) to achieve consistency among the various clusters in the system, thereby sharing resources (into the memory pool) to achieve greater efficiency and reduce software stack complexity, thereby reducing the overall system.
As the cxl technology is widely used in the server system, the industry will be able to focus its work on the computing load without spending much effort on the memory management hardware of the booster. Intel originally planned to replace the pcl with cxl, but because the cxl is built on the pcle logic and physical level and the technology of the mainstream chip product
Technology drives require joint support from amd, nvidia, and storage companies, so that an optional protocol that runs over the pcie layer will still coexist with the pcle for a long time. Early industry is not only cxl, but also ccix, nvidia's own nvlink, gen-
z,md's infinityfabric and opencapi. With Arm joining cxl in 2019, then gen-z merged into cxl in 2021, and the opencapi standard supported by md, xilinx, ibm in 2022 was integrated into the cxl standard, making cxl the most mainstream chip interconnectivity design standard in the market. The current cxl union includes intel, amd, nvidia, arm, Samsung, Light, hyynix, google, Microsoft, Microsoft.
Meta, Alibaba, dell, hp, Cisco and Hua, etc., systems ecology has been shaped. Figure 16: The arrival of the accelerated cxl3.0 for arithmetic needs, 2019, cxl Union released versions v1.0 and v1.1.
• Intelsapphirerapids launched in 22 years to support the Cxl1.1 bus release of version Cxl2.0 in November 2020, mainly designed to increase the number of links to equipment and increase memory utilization.
・August 2022, release of version cxl3.0. Strengthened cpu with other accelerators memory sharing mechanism, support pam-4serves, cxl starting with 1.0-1.1, early industrial applications not starting fast until 22-year-old sapphirerapids had support for cxl1.1
Cxl’s industrial acceleration began to accelerate gradually after the prime bus line. The emeraldrapids, e-core xeon processor, which supports cxl2.0 intelp-core, delivered in the first half of 2024, will give a significant boost to cxl entering the 2.0 application period.
In addition to accelerating the interconnectivity of acceleration cards such as cpu and gpu, another important point is to break through the limitations of the `morywall'. The problem with the so-called `morywall' is that microprocessors have much more performance than dram, so processors often wait to extract data from the memory, thereby affecting the efficiency of the system as a whole.
This difference in performance will be further magnified. To reduce this gap, industry generally uses faster transmission rates for ddr and a larger number of RAM channels to reach a larger system bandwidth, but as the number of cpucores continues to rise significantly, there is some pressure to keep the RAMs above 4gb/s on average to core.
Figure 19: Changes in cpucore memory capacity
So, adding a larger volume of dimms to a single channel would increase the memory capacity of the system, but since the current memory controller is not on the North Bridge but is integrated into the cpu, increasing the domms capacity on the channel would in turn increase the load on each channel, which in turn would reduce the frequency of the system ' s memory clocks and further "frozen" with the pressured edible bandwidth.
Therefore, the development of cpu towards higher nucleics necessarily requires that the memory capacity of the system and the bandwidth of the single core have greater scope for upgrading, and that the cxl architecture effectively mitigates the problem of the RAM wall by sharing the memory pool and expanding the memory. Figure 22: The form of the cxl memory expansion
For example, at the cxl2.0 stage, cpu can share memory resources using a cxl protocol between a chip and other device that supports cxl or pcie interfaces, e.g. cpu's cache (cache) and gpuhbm memory can be elasticly shared in order to reduce the operation or transmission delay between cpu and gpu, thereby increasing server system computing efficiency.
Or ring-like non-tree structures, pcie upgrades to 6.0 to support 64gb/s transmissions, and larger and flexible storage loop sharing will play a key role in increasing system arithmetic efficiency. With the gradual roll-out of the cxl structure, the voice and importance of the dram industrial chain in the overall arithmetic system continues to grow.
The upgrading and application of the hbm technology has stimulated the arithmetical power of gpu, and has brought huge business opportunities and markets to the storage company. The development of the cxl architecture will be carried out in the direction of storage capacity extension and “mixing of memory pools,” breaking the system’s “remaining walls” and moving forward to upgrade the server’s arithmetic performance.
And the trend towards server memory expansion and memory pooling will also drive suppliers involved in high-speed data transmission in the dram industrial chain, such as, for example, Rambus or phison, from traditional ddr module interface chip packages to internal development in the one server system, while cxl2.0, or cxl3.0retimer, redriver or mxc chips, are created in response to the technological ecology of the one server.
For the commercial opportunities offered by the cxl architecture, the main ones include cxlextender, cxlpoling and cxlretimer. The company currently has product layouts in these directions. For example, in the cxlextender/pooling controller direction, there is mxc8591. The main competitor covers asteralabs and microchip in the United States.
On cxlretimer, there are products such as rt51632, which supports cxl2.0. Major competitors include Rambus, Pseu, and conglomerates. Figure 23: Cxlmxc process table, where company pcierettimer operations are expected to start. Mxc is expected to enter the bulk supply period from 24h2 to 25 years.
The market space is expected to exceed $20 billion in 2030, and we assume that cxlcontroller/extender has 10% of the chip, and for companies, there's more than $2 billion in market space. Aipc, when right, is expected to drive faster growth.
Starting with aipc, 24 years is the year in which the entire electronics industry enters the e-end phase. As a new computer with independent offline reasoning, aipc needs a new level of single system performance. The accompanying notebooks and desktops are used in the udim and so-dimmdram modules, and the specifications are aligned to the server specifications, with the early notebooks and desktop ddr modules transmitting at a rate of 3200 mt/s
Under this, there is usually no need for high-capacity and complex memory configurations like the server, so there is no need for rcd or ckd chips. But aipc is born, especially if the transmission rate of ddr5 requires 6,400 mt/s, and the ckd chips form a standard configuration, similar to the low-matching rcd. With the planned production of cpu chips by the upstream cpu.
Measuring ckd operations will bring greater operational elasticity to technology in 24 years. Figure 27: Aipc Timetable, we mention a gradual increase in the penetration of ckdtam with aipc, estimated at 290 million pc shipments in 2027, aipc 78%
The penetration rate, we measure the ckd 27 year tam, is about $7.1 billion. We predict that the ckd operation will bring technology up in 24 years, 25 years, and we think that the ddr5 penetration rate will gradually increase, and the chip interface operation will grow. As the volume of the one server increases, the storeer will gradually take a prominent position in the market, and the related package operations, retimer and ckd will rise.
With the expected 32 / 160 % ring/year-on-year growth in the Internet chip revenue of 23q4, taking into account the impairment effect of the capture of server operations of approximately $200 million, the projected return to the mother's net profit is approximately $475 million for the entire 23-year period.In terms of operations, we expect the 23q4ddrdr5rcd business plate to increase its quarterly performance further with the ddr5 penetration rate,
Millions of dollars, with the increase in the volume of ddr5 and the increase in the net profits of technology. Figure 32: 23 dddr4 and dddr5 out, Figure 33: 23 years net profits of technology.
The average market-to-company forecast performance corresponds to 67.93x since the forecast of quarterly and year-on-year movements (millions of dollars), and the current 24-year market performance corresponds to a lower than expected build-up and expansion of the production capacity of the supply chain related to Japanese and American competitors.
The ddr5 penetration rate exceeded the expected cxl2.0dram bulk delivery schedule by higher aipc sales and penetration than the market expected
Increased competition in the industry accelerates downs in prices; Supply problems associated with chips, such as pmics. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent, professional attitude, independent and objective approach.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.