The ddr5 accelerated penetration, the new product drives the future.
\triangleright became one of the major global suppliers of ddr2 to ddr5 memory interface chips and established long-term and stable partnerships with well-known memory module manufacturers such as Trinity Down, Hercules and Light.
In the ddr5 era, the company took the lead in the industry in rolling out the ddr5 first generation memory interface and module packages, and continued to do so. As of January 2024, the company dddr5 memory chip had developed into the fourth generation, supporting data speeds up to 7,200 mt/s.
Industry development, gradually transformed into a platform-based interconnected chip provider, with products that represent future trends in industry, such as pcletimmer, cxl memory controllers (mxc), ckd and mcr memory controllers (mrcd and mdb), with clear long-term growth paths.
The industry has a stable pattern of competition, and the ddr5 era has benefited the core. The memory interface industry has a high level of certification, technical \triangleright barriers, a high concentration of industry patterns, with only one major player remaining since the ddr4, Risa.
At this point, ddr5 is about to accelerate penetration, with ddr5 penetration at about 25-30% by the end of 2023. According to Trendforce, q3 will break 50% in 2024 and ddr5 interfaces.
The market space is expected to double. We believe that the company, as a leader, has high growth elasticity. And with the upgrade of Intel Child Autumn cpu, it is expected that the ddr5 sub-generations will be faster and more numerous.
The company has a wide range of new products, including pcletimer and ckd. 1) The company has launched a pcle \triangleright.
Retimer 5.0 is used for high-speed exteriors, where the i server is the largest application, with a single i server equipped with up to 16 pcierettimers. 2) In response to the demand for high memory bandwidth from high-performance servers such as the ii, the Department of Public Affairs developed mrcd/mdb for mrdim memory, and the product was developed and sent to samplers in 2022.
mrdim is required to use one mrcd+10 mdb chip at the same time, i.e. 10 mdb more than the traditional rdimm single memory module, and mrcd is more valuable than the rcd chip, which will lead to further expansion of the company ' s memory interface chip market. 3) ckd has a data rate of more than 6400 mt/s
The current trend of increasing data rates is clear as industry trends, such as aipc, continue. According to Ultrapower Network, Intel will launch a global first-line arrrowlake processor in support of ddr 5-6400 speeds in the second half of 2024, pulling up the ckd tags while causing a significant run-off.
4) In May 2022, the company released its first global cxl memory extension control chip, mxc chip, which allows for memory sharing between cpu and the cxl device, which is expected to begin in 2024 and enter the upward slope phase.
Investment advice: company leads in the memory interface chip field, deep benefit ddr5 penetration acceleration and \triangleright develop memory controllers, cxl memory controllers (mxc), ckd and mcr memory controllers
New items, such as mrcd and mdb, with clear lines of follow-on growth. We expect the company to have a core of memory interfaces in 2023-2025, with the benefit of ddr5 penetration and a wave of ai 1.1 actively expanding the memory interface chip and the new product moving forward steadily.
1.1.1 Jedec Board member, with memory interfaces expanding multiple series of interconnection chip products, based on memory interface chips, expanding a variety of new items around interconnection chips, such as pcie-retimer 5.0, mxc, ckd and mcr interface chips.
The heart, cloud computing and artificial intelligence fields provide chip-based solutions, deep-treathers in the internal storage interface fields for many years, becoming one of the global suppliers of the global full/semi-buffer full buffer solution from ddr2 to ddr5, and the products in question have successfully entered the international mainstream memory manufacturers such as Samsung, Hercules and Light.
And radiation downstream servers and cloud computing. The company has a major share of the global market in the memory interface chip area, and the company is also a member of the board of directors of the global microelectronic industry standard-setting agency for the memory interface chip.
In addition, a chip-level, real-time security monitoring function, developed with the collaboration of technology and Qinghua University, could provide a more secure data-processing platform for the big data and artificial intelligence age. After years of accumulation, the company’s products can gain a high level of recognition within the industry, satisfying the new generation of servers for higher standards.
With the gradual penetration of ddr5, the company has successfully released the ddr5 second generation and the third generation in 2022 and 2023, following the release of the dddr5 first generation memory interfaces and module packages in 2021.
In addition, the company has worked on the development of mrdimm/mcr memory interface chips, which it uses to transmit data at a rate as high as 7200mt/s to respond to the rising demand for RAM and bandwidth from a new generation of server platforms.
The mrcd*1+mdb*10 architecture, which is twice the theoretical bandwidth of ddr5, has significantly increased the value of single-modules and can be used to satisfy various high-performance calculations in downstream scenarios with high demand for memory bandwidth.
For high-speed transmission ports and high-speed pc memory modules, such as one server, the technology continues to lead the long-term growth of the company ' s memory interface chips, starting with the consumption of electronic chips and becoming an interconnection chip-temperator.
In May 2004, the early company simultaneously activated the memory interface chip and the digital top box chip to support the development of the memory interface product line with cash flow from the more mature digital topbox business. The company launched a high-level ddr2 memory buffer, a dddr3 sender and a memory buffer in 2008, 2011 and 2013.
Since 2016, technology has been working with Intel and Qinghua University to develop a series of service cpu, providing a more secure and reliable computing platform for cloud computing data centres, while expanding the mix.
In 2017, the public division removed the consumer electronic chip business and focused on the server memory chip area, expanding the product line with cloud computing and artificial intelligence at its core.
In 2022, the company started the development of the ckd chip, the mxc chip and the mrcd/mdb chip interlinking chip, gradually turning into a platform chip design company. And with the new generation of ddr5 in 2023, the company followed the times, with the ddr5 second generation of rcd chip taking the lead, the third generation.
The rcd chip was sent to a sample client, and the fourth generation was launched in January 2024.
1.1.3 Fragmented equity structure, with three-star in Intel's significant stock holdings totalling 28.7 per cent, we believe that the decentralized equity structure avoids a unique situation and that, in the case of majority shareholder voting, corporate decision-making is more objective and independent and avoids potential benefits
In April 2016, the Intel and the Three Stars were introduced as new strategic investors by issuing priority shares, and in December 2018, the Intel and the Three Stars were replenished. Before the technology went on the market, Intel held 10% of the Intel (intc.o) science.
Intel still holds 6.65% of the shares as of the third quarter of 2023. Intel is a global memory module and consumer consumable conglomerator, while Intel is one of the cpu oligarchs.
Household barriers, on the other hand, lead the technology from the side-printing interface chip. 1.2 interfaces + new interconnection-driven performance, expecting a big ddr5-era variety of 1.2.1 servers, pc to the end of the library, and new items to be released immediately.
During the ddr4 era, profits increased double, and in the ddr5 era or more. Corporate revenues grew from 850 million yuan in 2016 to 1.76 billion yuan in 2018, mainly benefiting from the rapid penetration and market share of the dddr4, mainly due to non-impacts such as investment returns, fair value change gains and other gains.
After 2021, when ddr5 infiltrated and captured servers, corporate revenue grew significantly, reaching $3.67 billion in 2022, an increase of 43.3 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $1.30 billion, a 56.7 per cent increase in the first three quarters of 2023, a backlog of stocks due to pre-requirements, and 2023 in the same year.
In 2016 and 2017, the company collected chips from memory interfaces and consumer electronic chips. The consumer electronics business income stabilized at about $290 million over the two years, and the memory interface chip.
In 2018, in order to optimize resource allocation and improve operational efficiency, the company began to concentrate its resources on internal memory interface chips and to strip away consumer electronics.
Qinghua University cooperated in the development of a Zin capture server to provide a secure and controlled home-grown cpu product for downstream servers, oem or odm. The capture line was released in 2021 and contributed $850 million that year. In 2018, ddr4 was largely infiltrated, and the company’s share of the market began to stabilize and the price of the ddr4 product was set at ddr4.
The RAM chip business income has remained stable as new pieces of the interface started to be shipped and the overall price has been maintained, contributing $1.72 billion in 2021.In 2022, benefiting from ddr5 penetration, the RAM chip income rose rapidly to $2.74 billion.
The same amount was spent on the capture server, which generated $940 million. The industry pre-purchased supplies in 2022, higher downstream stocks in 2023, coupled with weak end demand in 2023, and the company ' s 2023 h1 memory, which resulted in a sharp decline in the business income of the interface chip.
When the industry's inventory is adjusted, there's a continuous recovery in demand. The monthly data for tracking letters show that it collects 980 million new tiles in the fourth quarter of the year alone, compared to 23.54 per cent of the quarterly round, showing a general upward trend, and the letter also indicates that although the 24-year-first quarter was characterized by fewer days working in February and higher uncertainty on the orders, it can be determined.
As downstream stocks return to normal, the company’s memory interface chip and the capture server’s performance are expected to recover. And, with the verification of multiple interconnection chips completed, the company’s growing ceiling will be further developed.
1.2.2 The turning point for Māori is imminent, high R&D inputs are ready for income conversion Overall Māori rates are highly volatile, but the Māori rate for memory interface chips is relatively high and stable. Corporate Māori rates are relatively high in e-business, and the overall Māori rate is around 50%. In 2018, companies lost consumption of electricity.
During the year, with the low Māori rate, the overall Māori rate fell again, the overall Māori rate recovered to 56.3 per cent in 2021 and the volume of machine shipments, and the Māori rate of the company ' s interconnected chips showed an upward trend in 2016-2019, mainly due to the ddr4 memory.
The replacement of the mouth chip and the cost of the crystal circle have fallen. And when it was completed, with the price of the product falling annually, and with the low Maori rate of the memory interface package starting to be integrated into the interconnected chip, the interconnection chip Māori rate declined somewhat. In the ddr5 era in 2022, the company Internet chip Māori rate began to stabilize, but due to the low Māori ratio.
The chip ratio is rising, still below 74% in 2019 in the ddr4. As the ddr5 succession accelerates in the future, the Māori ratio of the memory interface will remain high, the same high Māori rate of new interconnected chips will gradually rise, and the overall Māori ratio of the company is expected to remain high.
The company ' s R & D rate for 2016 is 23.5% for a new ddr4 interface chip. For the next two years, the Ddr4 memory interface chips are released, and the scale effects drive the R & D fee.
In 2023, the company also maintained a high level of R & D investment, with R & D costs of 487 million yuan in the previous three quarters and an increase in R & D costs to 31.9 per cent in the future. In our view, the company had already invested more in R & D in the research and development of new products in advance, and the size of the company as the ddr5 penetration rate returned to normal and multi-news.
Once again, the effect will drive down the overall cost rate and the company is expected to enjoy a profit elasticity. 1.3 Technology power leads, ddr continues to lead. By 2023, h1, the proportion of corporate R & D personnel was as high as 75%, and some managers were highly researched.
The company attaches great importance to the development of research and development talent and has set up a “four-for-one” training system that provides a solid pool of talent for research and development projects. To attract more excellence, the company continuously raises the average remuneration of its research and development staff and implements a unit for research and development personnel with significant contributions.
The main R & D sector, led by a core of technicians, has managed to achieve that the core R & D of the ddr5 New World has graduated from leading higher education institutions in the country and abroad and has held core positions. President Yang Chong and Dr. were elected to the Academy of the American Electrical and Electronic Engineers Association in 2010.
Among them are the "Eeecas Industry Pioneer Award" and the "White Jadeland Honour Award" awarded by the Shanghai City Government. Other R & D practitioners also have a wealth of research and development experience.
Chip patents. As of 2023h1, companies have accumulated 151 patents for inventions (including seven patent co-operation applications), two new patents for practical purposes, 11 copyrights for software and 67 other patents, establishing a complete autonomous intellectual property system.
2ddr5 accelerated penetration, RAM core gain 2.1 low power, high performance new demand, ddr5 accelerated penetration 2.1.1 depth memory module, multichannel structure bringing interface chip demand
ddrsdram, which is known as a two-data rate synchronised dynamic random memory, and dddr, which builds on the original sdram, transmits data once in a clock cycle, dddr transmits data twice in a clock cycle, and thus transmits bandwidth. As technology evolves, dddr undergoes multiple rounds of technology.
The main difference between ddr2, ddr3, dddr4 and dddr5 is the difference in transmission rates, and the different RAM types have different technical specifications and performances. The ddr5 is the latest memory type at present, providing a higher transmission rate and a higher bandwidth, and capable of reaching 8,400 MHz transmission speeds.
, which also supports higher capacity and data integrity. The RAM structure from the bottom Chip to the Channel, multi-channel transmissions provide a higher demand for interface chips. The RAM structure is a memory particle, i.e. a Chip, of which each 64bit particle consists of a rank and cpu.
Connects, while a dmm is usually composed of a lot of rank. Dimm continues up to Channel, usually with multiple dmm slots on a channel that can be used to insert multiple memory bars, which are divided into two or more groups, sharing physical signals within the group. In theory, multiple-channel data transmission rates can reach a single point.
Several times the data rate of the channel (multi-channel rate = single-channel rate x number of channels) and the server's main board usually uses a multi-channel structure, which usually requires signal coordination using memory interface chips. 2.1.2dddr5 is the latest RAM specification and performance is lower.
Sdram's final norm, dddr5 expands the ddr memory again, doubling the peak memory speed while substantially increasing the memory capacity. Specifically, ddr5 has the following improvements: 1) higher speed and bandwidth: dddr5 memory has higher internal clock speeds and numbers than dddr4
According to the rate of transmission, which provides a higher bandwidth. The ddr5 rate can be 6,400 mt/s or more, more than double the maximum rate of dddr4. The application of high bandwidth requirements, such as the one-server, can make ddr5 more competent.
2) Higher density and volume support: ddr5 memory can support larger memory capacity and higher density relative to dddr4. The ddr5 memory module has a larger individual chip capacity, while supporting more access and multiplug configuration, which can provide greater storage space.
3) Lower power: ddr5 memory has lower work voltage and higher energy efficiency relative to ddr4. ddr5 work voltage is usually 1.1v, lower than 1.2v of ddr4. Low power consumption is characterized by reduced energy consumption and less heat.
4) Stricter time-series controls: ddr5 introduces stricter time-series controls to ensure data stability and reliable transmission. Through more sophisticated time-series controls, ddr5 can provide higher performance and better signal completion integrity, so it will be more visible in applications that require higher signal stability, such as multiple-nuclear servers.
5) Improved error repair and reliability: ddr5 introduces new bug repair and reliability features that include line-level error fixes (ras) and line-level error fixes (cas). These features provide better data integrity and reliability, reduce the risk of system collapse and data damage due to memory errors, and provide greater assurance
The reliability of the system is verified against the security of the data. Table 2: ddr3, ddr4 and dddr5
The memory interface chip is the core logical device of the server memory module (also known as the " memory bar"), which is used as a mandatory route for service server cpu to access the memory data. Its main function is to increase the stability of memory data access, which is sufficient for the server cpu to meet the growing high performance and high capacity requirements of the memory module.
The ddr5 memory interface chip can be divided by function into two categories: the sender buffer (rcd) to buffer the address, command, clock, control signal from the memory controller; and the data buffer (db) to buffer the data signal from the memory controller or the stored particle.
The server cpu needs a stable parallel memory signal input, and different memory modules use different options to achieve their purpose.
Scenes used for higher transmission rates; rdimm uses the rcd chip to buffer the memory signal, from which the consistency of the input signal is ensured and is widely applied on the server; while RAM modules using the rcd and db*10 sets are described as buffers for addresses, commands, clocks, control signals and data signals.
lrdimm, with a relatively high cost, is usually more used in larger RAM scenes, with a permeability rate of less than 10% in 2021. In the future, with mcr memory and mrdim, the memory module rate will go even further and will no longer be a bottleneck, a high performance server or benefit from the company ' s production.
In addition, the ddr5 memory module would need to be equipped with a spd-ts chip and a pmic chip, while the server memory module would need to have a separate ts chip.
The spd chip, fully known as serialpresencedetetect, is an eeprom that records the minimum parameters of memory work internally, and the master board can adjust memory reading and writing waiting times, etc. to the information contained therein, so that it can be configured automatically.
shares. ts are used to detect temperature, improve system stability, and pmic is used in power management, as well as to co-operate with gmt to supply both products. The interface chip competition pattern is concentrated and stable, leading to market occupancy in 2020.
The chip industry is relatively closed, requiring extensive interoperability tests with memory and server manufacturers, recognizing that barriers to certification are high and have long cycles, and that entry is more difficult. Since the ddr4 era, industry concentration has increased further, and manufacturers like ti and inphi have withdrawn from the market, leaving only participants in the stock interface chip market.
Technology, idt, and Rambus. The technology has a market share of 20% in the middle of the ddr4 era (2016) and, by virtue of the excellence of its products, has gradually gained wide recognition in the market, while the same phase of idt was nuclear in the course of its acquisition by Risa.
By 2020, it had reached 44%, and it had been able to rise. As a member of the Jedec Board of Directors, it was expected that technology would continue to grow in the future, maintaining a higher market sensitivity and constantly introducing new specifications that fit market needs.
2.2 Based on historical evidence, d5 penetration is expected to repeat the d4-era rhythm 2.2.1 Intel break-through process bottlenecks, d5 passover or smoother ddr4, with 3dtsv cubes adopted in August 2014 when Samsung announced a mass production of Global 1
The ddr4 memory line, built by silicon perforated containment technology, has a single capacity of 64 gb, mainly for servers, 4 gb (512 mb) dddr4dram chip, with a single capacity of 2 gb, and is manufactured using the three-star advanced 2xnm process. Intel will also release the new flagship of the lga2011 platform on 29 August 2014.
– Haswell-e processors and x99 platforms, where Haswell-e will provide for the first time in a desktop-level market with raw 8 nuclear and ddr4 memory support, supporting a maximum of 2,133 mhzdddr4 memory in four corridors. This is 80% of the year, with penetration almost complete.
Figure 15: Ddr penetration trend map. Many authorities expect a high-speed penetration period of 2024. The dddr5 memory is now first available in the pc market, and the server cpu that supports the ddr5 memory is being rolled out.
The speed of ddr5 penetration, driven by server demand for memory upgrades, has increased, with three of the world’s leading ddram manufacturers rolling out the dddr5 product, all of which were produced in the second half of 2021, and Intel’s first processor platform in support of ddr5 released in the second half of 2021.
To date, the ddr5 product has been widely used in major pc and server manufacturers, with a penetration rate of 25-30% by the end of 2023, and a dddr5 penetration rate of half by the third quarter of 2024, according to a Trendforce projection. In addition, the stored head flashes also indicate that the ddr5 penetration rate is expected to be higher than the dddr4 by early 2024.
Figure 16: ddr4 and dddr5 penetration road map Intel uses the euv light-mortex bottleneck and cpu upgrades are no longer blocked by memory overlaps. Intel processors support frequency upgrades of memory products for about one year, usually by the Chamber of Commerce of the memory plant
Based on the cpu manufacturer ' s system reference design, and through layer testing. The cpu upgrade will in turn affect the roll-out of the memory product and the co-up of the cpu and the memory vendor.
Since 2015, the release of the new process has been repeatedly delayed until the end of 2019, with a significant impact on cpu performance upgrades, and cpu frequencies and performance upgrades have not kept pace with the upgrading of memory products, which is one of the reasons for the only three generations of the ddr4 generation.
With Intel's public announcement of the introduction of euv in July 2021, and the announcement of a process technology route for the next four years' five nodes, the intel bottleneck is expected to be broken, and the ddr5 cpu platform and memory will be upgraded more easily. Intel announced in October 2023 that intel4 was officially produced, the first full in Intel.
The process node using euv technology, cpu overlaps are gradually on track, cpu performance will no longer be a bottleneck for dram upgrading, and deep memory industries will benefit - the ddr5 penetration rate will accelerate, the ddr5 subalges 2.2.2ddddr5 iterative cycle will be significantly shortened and prices and Maori rates will benefit significantly
dddr4 has three sub-generations throughout the penetration cycle, with the rate rising from 2400,2666 to 3200mhz, with an increase of 33%. dddr5 will have 5-6 sub-generationals throughout the penetration cycle, thus enabling technology to be produced and delivered.
Sub-observation, the interface chip rate is gradually upgraded from 4,800 mt/s in the first generation to 7200 mt/s in the fourth generation, with an increase of 50%. Due to greater intergenerational performance, the value of corporate products in single memory modules is expected to increase. On the other hand, future interface chips such as mrcd/mdb will support mrdim
ddr5, using a structure of 1 mrcd+10mdb, the single RAM value is expected to increase significantly.
Test ddr5rcd, third generation, test ddr5rcd, second generation ddr5rcd, fourth generation.
Compared to ddr4, the ddr5 memory interface chip manufacturer is expected to maintain a higher ratio of asp and Māori. The dddr5 generation is larger, the inter-generational performance is much higher, the rotation cycle is faster, the dddr4 average overlap is 18 months, and the ddr5 overlap is now about 12 months in industry.
With regular price reductions in practice, faster rotation speeds are conducive to maintaining the company’s Māori ratio and the high-speed penetration of the relevant product, adding ddr5, and the company’s interface chip is expected to rise. Second, the company has now completed a sample of the fourth generation of ddr5rcd chips.
The cost of a piece of wrapping is for the fifth and sixth generation (if any), with a limited increase in the cost of sealing, while the capacity of the crystal-crystal plant is gradually relaxed, and the replacement costs are expected to fall, which will also help improve the Māori rate.3 The development of a variety of new items, such as pcletimmer, ckd, etc., has led to an improvement in the Māori ratio.
A large wave of 3.1ai has emerged, and the new memory technology programme has emerged.
Data have grown exponentially in recent years with the application of technology such as cloud computing, big data, ai, object networking, and idc statistics show that 90 per cent of the global data have been generated in recent years, which has tested cpu's processing capacity, while the physical processes, core numbers and numbers of cpu are now nearing the limit, the amount of data will not stop and the server can handle it.
The power has to be enhanced. The i server usually uses gpu for parallel calculations, with the number of single card cores reaching thousands, which are good at processing intensive computing applications, and the use of parallel data processing methods can theoretically significantly improve the efficiency of the calculation, as neuronetworks, machine learning and image processing algorithms involve a large number of rectangular arrays.
A server carrying gpu has also been confirmed to be suitable for the era. From a hardware structure, the i server is mainly in an assemblage form, in many forms as an ark. On an assortment, it can be cpu+gpu, cpu+fpga, cpu+tpu, cpu+atic or cpu.
+multiple accelerometers. The i server does not differ significantly from the traditional server on other components, such as memory modules, storage modules and network modules. The main upgrade is to support a larger capacity memory that meets the memory of a rdimm/lrdim. In interconnectivity, traditional servers usually use pcie, Ether.
As big model manufacturers develop their products like fire, the big one is driving a continuous expansion of the ai server's numeracy needs. According to idc, Chinese labor in 2023.
The size of the smart server market will reach $9.1 billion, an increase of 82.5 per cent over the same period; it will reach $13.4 billion in 2027, with an average compound growth rate of 21.8 per cent per year.
The station, which grew by 38.4 per cent in the same year, accounted for nearly 9 per cent of the overall server output and is expected to be upgraded to one of the major hardware items in the one server by 2026, while benefiting the one server has a rapid increase, and the single one server has a larger number of memory bars than the average server, resulting in a significant increase in memory.
3.1.2 In recent years, the ai training collection has been growing at about 10 times the rate per year, even in peripheral equipment, and the demand for chip computing is increasing, although the chip computing is now high and the memory is still growing.
The failure to match has led to a gradual loss of performance. On the basis of the available high-calculation, many gpu resources have not actually been fully occupied or utilized, higher bandwidth and lower delayed memory have become, for example, mcr memory, and, in addition, non-RAM technology, such as pcie, has created RAMs such as cxl.
The following is a technology-related program that can minimize the need for complex software for memory sharing and for high-speed memory access.
and reduce the total cost of the system, which will also lead to a significant amount of data-processing applications (e.g. data centres, clouds, drams).
Calculating, ai, and machine learning, using mxc chips can improve memory access efficiency and system performance.Retimer: As cpu performances get faster,
High-speed signal transmissions can be disrupted, so add one, mainly high-speed ssd cards, a suit that doubles the speed rate of 4.0 and bandwidth to meet the higher bandwidth.
d) mcr/mdimm (multiplexercompinedranks) is known as the fastest global memory model
Group, the core technology of which is to group multiple dram memory modules together, manage data transfers between them by forming two rank into a pseudochannel and using a dedicated control (interface chip), significantly increasing the bandwidth of the memory, which is theoretically the bandwidth of the mcr/mrdim memory.
dddr5. mdd has expressed its commitment on memcon2023 to help advance the mrdim opening standards of jedec, and Intel, in collaboration with skhynix and Risa, has developed a multi-routine integration array (mcr dimm) based on a similar concept to mrdim.
There have been some changes in the use of interface chips in mcr, either by upgrading rcd and db chips in lrdimm, using mrcd and mdb chips to tailor them, with more complex designs and higher speeds and therefore higher value; or by the mcr memory interface chip structure.
mrcd*1+mdb*10 not only increases the value of mrcd to 10 mdb chips compared to the traditional rcmm singlercd chip usage. The combined volume price relationship, the value of the mcr memory sheets, is much higher.
2) pcle 5.0 (peripheralcomonentintercontractexpress 5.0) is a new generation bus technical standard that allows peripheral equipment to be connected to the main panel and communicate with the central processing unit (cpu), pcie 5.0 constructs a higher-speed serial communication system standard based on 4.0 and requires the speed of transmission per channel
Up to 8 gb/s, with a bandwidth of up to 128 gb/s in 16 channels, and 64 gb/s and 64 gb/s in parallel.
Pcierettimer was born to address the loss of the pcie bus. As the pcie transmission rate increases and the frequency of work increases, it inevitably leads to a loss of signal. Retimeer first restores the vibrating clock signal, then generates new signals and retransmits it, effectively solves the loss of the signal.
Keeps the signal stable. Therefore, at least one retimer chip is needed to ensure signal quality when gpu connects to cpu on the server.
In the general server area, the market size of the retimer chip has increased depending on pcie 5.0 penetration, with one universal server with one or two retimer chips, and one.
The market price for the retimmer chip varies from $20 to $40. Buzinesseresearchchinsight estimates that, for a period of 16.38 per cent, the capr was 16.38 per cent.
Asteralabs, the three leading manufacturers in the pcieretamer Blue Sea market, have taken the lead. The earlier pcie was the only Chinese mainland supplier of pcie 5.0retimer in the world, and continued to import customers in 2023, and started to deliver.
Chip manufacturers, such as core technology, are also actively involved in the development of pcieretamer products. According to official web mail, Risa can supply two pcle 3.0 retimer products, including 89ht0816ap and 89ht0832p; Ti can provide a 16gbps8 channel pcie 4.0retimer - ds160pt801;
In November 2020, microchip released the xpresscompnet series retimer chip, which supports 32gt/s speed at pcie 5.0. 3) cxl (computexpresslink) technology is a new high-speed interconnection technology designed to bring it up
It was initially launched jointly by Intel, amd, and other companies, and received substantial support, including Google, Microsoft, etc. The main objective of cxl is to address the digital divide between cpu and equipment, equipment and equipment.
In addition, cxl technology can link computing devices such as cpu, gpu, fpga directly to memory.
Cxl supports the sharing of memory between multiple computing devices, reducing memory redundancy and improving energy efficiency. In addition, cxl technology supports memory virtualization, which can be assigned to memory according to the application load dynamics.
Finally, cxl supports memory expansion, allowing additional memory capacity to be added in a nonstop situation, thus increasing the scalability of the system and preparing for future application needs, not only in high-performance computing areas such as data centres, but also in multiple areas such as artificial intelligence, block chains, object networking, etc.
The technology was released in May 2022 as the global first cxl memory extension control chip (mxc chip), which is the third type of equipment defined in the cxl protocol, supports the jedecddr4 and ddr5 standards and also meets the cxl2.0 norm, supports the speed of pcie 5.0. The chip can be cpu and based on cpu.
The Cxl protocol equipment provides high bandwidth, low-delayed high-speed interconnectivity solutions that allow for memory-sharing between cpu and cxl devices, while significantly increasing system performance, can significantly reduce the complexity of software stacks and the total cost of data centres.
In May 2023, Samsung Electronic launched its headline, 128gbdram, which supports cxl2.0, with the prospect of pushing the commercialization of the next-generation storage solution. The mxc chip is used for the solution, which is the core control chip.
Moving up the slope phase, it is hoped that the future global market competition will be the first. 3.2 Side models call for high-capacity bandwidth and continue to accelerate ddr5. Large-scale models such as fire and end-run models are trends, and memory is now a bottleneck.
According to available data, the size of the memory capacity has become a limiting factor for aipc development, even if simple linear estimates require at least 40 gb memory to run, even if the current pc mainstream memory configuration is 16 gb.
A single particle density of 4 gb, ddr5 can reach 16 gb compared to the single particle density of ddr4, which can support the development of large end-side models and aipc to the greatest extent possible. Logical performance is limited to memory band width. The model gradually produces a list of probabilities that generate the vocabulary, and then solves it.
. Direct selection of the highest probability token is the quickest decoding method, but other slower methods are likely to be more accurate. The lift of the memory bandwidth increases the speed of generation and decoupling, thereby optimizing the overall speed of generation and user experience. Intel, changes in process, architecture will support it to provide higher performance.
Calculating capacity, paving the way for the arrival of aipc. Figure 24: How aipc affects ddr5 penetration.
1) dddr5 provides a higher memory capacity, with higher demand for memory capacity in the light of the trend of large model end-to-end operations, and a higher dddr5 penetration rate is more certain. 2) A faster reasoning, generation and decoding speed means a better user experience, combined with a memory vendor ' s roll-out
In terms of the consistency between memory data rates and cpu-supported memory data rates, the memory manufacturer has now introduced a bandwidth of up to 7200 mps. In qualitative terms, aipc and cpu upgrades will drive ddr5 penetration and increase the rate of memory data.
Also, according to the criteria given by jedec, when ddr5 data speeds of 6400 mt/s and above, the desktop and laptop memory modules of udimmm and sodimm are required to use a dedicated clock to drive the chip (ckd chip) to buffer and re-drive the clock signal, thereby improving its completeness.
The ckd chip is a brand-new addition to the industry, when the annual industry demand for the ckd chip will be relevant to the amount of udim and sodimm required for the year (support speed of 6400 mt/s and above). The company released the first industry chip sample in September 2022 and sent the sample.
Arrowlake, released in the fourth quarter of the year, could be the first intel to support ddr5-6400 and faster, so the company's ckd chip is expected to start delivery in the second half of 2024, bringing the business 4.1 profit scenario to split with business.
Connected chips: Building technology provides a range of memory-related interconnected chips, including ddr interfaces and supporting chips, mcr memory interface chips, pcierettimer chips, ckd chips and cxl control cores, higher water levels downstream, as well as weak end demand, with a marked decline in company performance based on omdia.
The year is expected to rise further to 51%, and ddr5 will enter the rapid penetration period. With the penetration rate rising, the volume of public interfaces and accompanying chips is expected to increase significantly, and the company is expected to maintain the interface chipasp and the Māori ratio through the iterative ddr5 interface chip, which is expected to have a stable operating income at the Māori rate.
The new interconnection product section, the company mcr memory interface chip, the pcierenemer chip, the ckd chip and the cxl control chip have been developed, with the company mcr memory interface chip delivered to the sample client in the first half of 2023 and advanced with feedback on the volume version of the development of the pcle-retimer chip.
Production in January 2023 and continued promotion of customer import in 2023, and ckd and mxc chips have completed their production versions. The company's interconnection chips began to grow gradually in 2024 and are expected to contribute significantly to the company's performance in 2025 and beyond.
Research and development are more difficult and technologically advanced, and a higher Māori rate is expected. We expect that the total collection of company interconnection chips in 2023-2025 will be in separate packages, with a slight decline in the overall Māori ratio as a percentage of the increase.
The impact of the interconnectivity of new products has slowed down the decline in the Māori rate. Quick server: the catch line is the subsidiary business of the company, the contribution to the company is mainly in resources and channels. Clients have expanded, and we will return to normal in the future as downstream stocks begin to recover slowly and demand ends begin to recover.
Cost assumptions for the period: the company ' s past sales costs were relatively stable, with sales rates rising in 2023 as a result of a fall in revenue, but it is expected that the company ' s sales costs will be steadily reduced as revenue continues to grow, and we expect that costs will increase, but the management costs are also expected to decrease as revenue continues to grow, and we expect that.
The cost of R & D is expected to increase over time, but as the collection scale increases the cost of R & D will increase some. The size of the company's operations will increase, cash flow will continue to be strong, and the financial cost ratio is expected to decrease gradually, taking into account that the public company's main product is the Internet chip (the memory interface chip, etc.) and the capture server, with the memory in it.
The Pulse shares, the East Core shares, are comparable companies, of which the mega-innovation main product is noorflash, nad flash and mcu, the Pulse main account is noorflash and eeprom, and the East Core main share is the stored chip of the industry chain with the company.
Based on the collection price of 8 March 2024, the average share of the company ' s 2024/2025 pe is not 51/29 times higher than the average of 51.9, the technology is being used as the lead in the memory interface chip area, the depth of the benefit ddr5 penetration accelerates, and the company is developing the pciertemer, cxl memory controllers (mxc), ckd and mcr memory controllers.
If the memory market ddr5 penetration is not as fast as expected, the public administration will be at risk of not receiving as much as expected.
2) Industry competition increases the risk. The RAM chip area is dominated by Risa (idt), Rambus (Rambus) and technology. If large overseas plants increase their R & D and marketing efforts, companies will face the risk of a decline in their share of the market, affecting their sales and earnings.
The company has successively launched new items such as pcierettimer, mxc chip, ckd and mcr memory controllers (mrcd and mdb) that could affect the company’s subsequent performance expectations if the sales of new items are not progressing as expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.