Operating income of 48,463 million yuan, an increase of 16.08 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 4,569 million yuan, an increase of 2.5 per cent in the same year; carbon product production of 824,000 tons, an increase of 5.4 per cent in the same year; aluminium alloys and additions
Ten thousand tons, 2.5 million tons of electrolytic aluminium production, 1.37 million tons of carbon production.
Dollars, mainly due to higher electricity prices, precalculation anodes, aluminium oxides, and 2434 ton of aluminium processed products, construction industry Zhang, mainly due to higher electricity prices, loss of impairment (-110 million yuan), mainly due to companies setting up non-compliance with energy efficiency standards
The research assistant, Go Ki-chul, prepares for impairments; the main points of interest are income tax (+360 million yuan), mainly because 22q4 companies have tax returns, electrolysis aluminium is restored and costs rise; and impairment losses (+730 million yuan) because the company has more impairments on 21q4.
For the future, see: 1) The costs are relatively stable and elastic. The company’s electricity prices fluctuated seasonally, but the cost was relatively stable throughout the year, at a low national level, and the company’s ability to electrolyze aluminium was high. According to the 2023 production guidelines, the company’s equity output was 2.09 million tons, with relatively low costs and high capacity, and the company’s elasticity was high. 2)
With improved profitability and the end of capital expansion, corporate asset and liability statements, profit statements, cash flow statements were optimized, corporate losses were sufficient in 2021, and performance was released in 2022, demonstrating that companies could be light-loaded in the future and that their future performance was assured.)
The value of green aluminium is high. Europe has established a carbon tariff on imports, and under the European carbon tariff policy, green aluminium will be exempt from future carbon duties of $6768/tonne, and, in the context of domestic “double carbon”, it will be necessary for the electrolytic aluminium industry to be included in the carbon exchange, while, at current carbon prices, green aluminium will save $656/t, with a high potential value.
The company's electrolytic aluminium is located in Yunnan, where it accounted for 87% of the green energy in 2021, and green aluminium is expected to increase its valuation.
\triangleright 1 incident: the company published the 2022 annual report. The company published the 2022 annual report. In 2022, the company achieved 48,463 million yuan in operating income, compared to the previous year.
Other products contribute more than RMB 21 million, an increase of 966.89% over the same period, and M$ 0.29% over the same period. As a result of integrated corporate production, profits from upstream electrolysis aluminum are included in aluminium-processing plates, the real contribution of electrolytic aluminum is much higher than the actual contribution: a small increase in production due to the wear-and-dry production of Yunnan.
The same-year-old increase of 12.89 per cent, although the second stage of production of aluminium hydrazine was launched, but it was affected by a restriction on electricity production in Yunnan, with the company electrolyzing tons, an increase of 5.42 per cent in the same year; aluminium alloys and processing production, 13,955 tons, an increase of 12.37 per cent in the same year.
Yunnan’s elimination of preferential electricity prices, coupled with the increase in the price of precalculation anodes and aluminium oxides, resulted in a marked increase in company costs and a decline in profitability. Ton profitability, in 2022, the company electrolyzed alumina tons of 2844 yuan, or 1306 yuan less, mainly due to higher electricity prices, precalculation anodes, and aluminium oxides; and a ton of alumina processed products of 2434 yuan, or more.
The decrease of $447 is due mainly to a decline in profits from aluminum, which amounted to $233 million, a decline of 60.37 per cent in the same year, mainly due to a decrease in interest payments. The company’s Māori Rate, Net Benefit Balance Sheet continues to be optimized, and the impairment falls considerably. As profits continue to improve, the company continues to pay its debts.
2022q4, the net profit of the company's parent has risen in the same year, and the ring has fallen in the same year. The ring comparison shows that the main loss is the impairment of old, energy-inefficient equipment by the division; the main point of gain is income tax (+365 million, billions), as the 2021 accounting standards have been adjusted to include transport costs in production costs, q4 being retroactive.
This led to a sharp drop in sales costs, with the main point of gain being Māori (+514 million), as part of the 21q4 company ' s output could be resumed and the cost of production increased; the loss of impairments (+734 million), mainly because the company ' s 21q4 plan reduced the price of aluminum and the price of electricity was higher. Since 2022q3, the price of aluminum as a whole has maintained the cost of inter-district shocks.
The average price of colored aluminum in the 2022q4 Yangtze is $18761 per ton, an increase of $368 per ton in the ring. As the Yunnan area entered the dry season in the fourth quarter, the electricity supply fell significantly, and the cost of electricity consumption was significantly higher than the limit on electricity production for companies, with a benchmark price of 0.235 yuan per ton for the 2022q4 Yunnan electricity trade, a gain of 0.08 yuan per ton in the ring.
An increase of $996 per ton in aluminium costs resulted in a significant increase in the company’s cost of production.027 pct increase in the three fee rate, a 5.16 pc increase in net interest rates and a 1.85 pc decrease in the three fee rate.The company’s three fee rate showed a slight increase in the cost rate and 2022 q4 increase in the management cost ratio.
4 Supply constraints have tightened, steady growth has led to difficulties in restoring demand to a better Europe, domestic supply has gradually peaked, energy prices in Europe have remained high, and the age of low-cost energy may not return. As a result of energy arbitrage in Europe,
Increased gas imports, coupled with low heating and winter demand, have made it clear that European gas prices have fallen, but they are still high at $15 per million in hot units, and are at historically high levels. On the basis of current prices, as of 22 February 2022, European electrolytic aluminium smelting has lost $476 per tonne, and the price of natural gas has been measured to fall back.
In the vicinity of about US$ 8/million-E heat unit, Europe's electrolytic aluminium refining is profitable, but Russia has a bad connection with Europe, Europe's gas source is ng from pipeline gas to high-cost gas, and European gas prices are hard to return.
At the end of the month, the total capacity of electrolytic aluminium was approximately 44.5 million tons, only about 1 million tons from the ceiling, and we expect that by the end of 2023, the total capacity of electrolytic aluminium will reach 45 million tons, with a largely superior capacity, and that, due to the contemplation of the hydroelectricity season, future dry water deadlines will be regularized, and the potential for electrolytic aluminium production in the southwest will be further enhanced.
The output utilization rate is high and the supply curve is becoming steeper. With the resumption and replacement of capacity, the output utilization rate in the electrolytic aluminium industry is increasing year by year, with a 90.8 per cent output utilization rate in 2022, an increase of 0.3 pct.
The current re-production capacity is mainly based on hydropower aluminium, other re-productions are low, and as hydropower aluminium is growing, capacity utilization is likely to be curtailed, we expect that when the electrolytic aluminium is put into production and resumed, the supply will be in the spring of the 4.2 domestic demand, and the electrolytic aluminium will be largely better-oriented.
Domestic demand has recovered weakly, and is on the horizon. With the lifting of the epidemic and the build-up of real estate support policies, domestic demand for electrolytic aluminium has recovered slowly, rising from 56.1% at the end of January to 64.2% at the end of March.
With guaranteed delivery and the return of sales, the completion of real estate will continue to benefit, while the automobile and photovoltaic markets will continue to improve on a monthly basis, and the demand for electrolytic aluminium will rise. The overseas recession has affected exports, but aluminium exports are less likely to worsen.
In the first half of 2022, energy arbitrage led to a significant upswing in aluminium exports, but as domestic and external prices subsided, aluminium exports fell sharply in the second half of the year, falling to a low level during the same period, while overseas electrolytic aluminium supplies were hard to increase, downstream faced a refilling reservoir, and below domestic aluminium exports.
Limited, followed by or dominated by stability. Figure 25: Average start-up rate in the aluminium-processing industry
A gradual recovery, electrolytic aluminium in the de-storage cycle, stock stops, and as the season comes, the worst period of electrolytic aluminium fundamentals has passed, and the future will continue to be well-directed. Overseas supply and demand will be weak, lme aluminium stocks may remain low, and European and American sanctions on Russian aluminium products have led traders to dump aluminum products.
Onboard, invisible stocks are visible, invisible stocks are low, low stocks support the base of overseas electrolytic aluminium, low profits in the industry, lower prices for future raw materials, and high elastic performance. Due to high energy prices, domestic electrolytic aluminium smelting is less profitable, and the electrolytic aluminium industry gains as power coal and precipitous anode prices go down.
As of March 13, 2023, we had measured a loss of 258 ton per tonne of aluminium from electrolytic aluminium companies in the mountain east. As the bauxite mine and the oil coke are restored, future aluminium oxides and precalcinating anodes will gradually fall, and the cost of electrolytic aluminium will continue to be profitable and low-profit.
At this level, the future section will perform with great elasticity.5 Green aluminum will highlight a relatively stable long-term value of 5.1 and strong performance elasticity.
Electricity costs are stable, and aluminium oxide prices have an advantage. Although Yunnan’s electricity prices are changing seasonally, prices have been stable throughout the year, not affected by coal prices, increased demand for electricity in Yunnan and higher prices for tradable electricity, with an average of 226 yuan/mwh in 2022, up from 2017.
47 yuan/mwh, plus network fees, government funds, etc., in 2022, the company ' s average electricity cost was about 400 yuan/mwh, free of taxes, 354 yuan/mwh, low in the country. Yunnan is close to Guangxi, has abundant bauxite resources, has a very short age of development, has a long coastline, is easier to import bauxite in the future, and is well-connected to Guangxi Oxygen.
The price of aluminum is lower than that of Henan and Shanxi, and as the grade of bauxite in Henan and Shanxi drops, Guangxi’s advantage or production costs are lower across the country, electrolytic aluminium production is high and elastic. The company’s electricity and aluminium oxide prices are lower, and the cost of electrolytic aluminium in Yunnan is lower across the country, after Xinjiang and Qinghai, with a certain degree of success.
The company ' s total electrolytic aluminium output is 3.1 million tons, of which 3.05 million tons are in compliance, and an electrolytic aluminium interest is approximately 2.54 million tons. Given the dry water production, the company ' s interest in electrolytic aluminium production is 2.09 million tons, which is still large, as the cost of electrolytic aluminium production goes down and the price of aluminium rises.
The Division ' s relatively low cost and size of production capacity, high elasticity of performance, and high investment value. 5.2 Balance sheet optimization, full release of performance Determination of electrolytic aluminium compliance white lists, control of the expansion of electrolytic aluminium production, but due to poverty alleviation in Yunnan and earthquake disaster
In 2019, the electrolytic aluminum energy ceiling was contained, supply began to decelerate, prices of aluminium oxide and aluminium shifted, corporate profits continued to improve, and the expansion of the electrolytic aluminum asset largely ended and assets in construction fell.
It is clear that investment funds have also declined significantly and the balance sheet has been optimized. On the balance sheet, total asset value has changed: industry profits have continued to improve, and cash flows have improved significantly, from $340 million in 2018 to $6.91 billion in 2022.
The dollar, which affects the net profit attributable to the mother, is $1.41 billion. The company ' s margin of impairment is mainly in the field of raw materials such as aluminium oxide, bauxite ore ore, carbon and accessories, and the electrolytic aluminium asset impairment is also $620 million, and the impairment of assets will also significantly improve the market ' s performance expectations for the company.
5.3 Under the “doubt carbon” trend, the value of green aluminium highlights the fact that domestic carbon trading is on the rise and carbon prices are fixed. Domestic carbon trading is based on European markets, where governments determine the total amount of quotas, and where market transactions form the price of carbon. Since the 2011 pilot, domestic carbon prices have been around 30-40.
With the establishment of the domestic “double carbon” target, the national carbon transaction started in 2021, and the price of carbon went up fast. With the policy objective of “double carbon”, there is much room for future increases in domestic carbon prices in the light of the trend in European carbon prices. The domestic price of carbon is currently around $60 per tonne, converted to the cost of electrolytic aluminium, and green aluminium saves.
At a cost of $656 per ton, green aluminium could save $6768 per ton, green aluminium, beta in the electrolytic aluminium industry, corporate cost stability, high electrolytic aluminum royalties, high performance elasticity, and green 1) lower demand for electrolytic aluminium downstream than expected. Companies’ performance is more influenced by aluminium prices, and demand for electrolytic aluminum is weaker.
If the price falls, the company’s profits will be affected. 2) Yunnan’s production limit is higher than expected. The lack of electricity supply in Yunnan, coupled with the apparent expansion of the energy-intensive sector, may be higher than expected.
A summary of data projections for the corporate financial statements, a methodological and analytical logic that leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.