"Cloud" Day, Green Aluminum highlights its long-term value, 26rd of 2023, Green Aluminum Dragons in the country, plowing the electrolytic aluminium industry. Yunnan's hydropower ratio is high, and the company's electrolytic aluminum assets are on average.
In Yunnan, the company’s predecessor, Yunnan Aluminium Factory, was established in 1970, with extensive production experience for more than 50 years. In November 2018, the Middle Aluminium Group became a controlling shareholder in the company, with the Chinese Aluminium Group leading the business of aluminium, copper, zinc, and lead in the world, leading the global industry of non-ferrous metals.
Back-to-back with the Middle Aluminum Group, the company’s supply of aluminium oxide and the guaranteed sale of electrolytic aluminium have increased significantly, and the synergies have been evident. As domestic electrolytic aluminum ceiling constraints have become apparent, the supply has declined, the profit center of the industry has moved, the company’s profitability has increased and its performance has risen significantly.
The electrolytic aluminum energy ceilings appear to be binding, with steady growth driving demand to warm. The domestic electrolytic aluminum production is nearing the ceiling, the aluminium price logic shifts from cost support to supply constraints, and the smelting end profit recovery is evident. We believe that the supply of electrolytic aluminum in 2023 is tight and demand is tight, and despite the recession abroad, the demand for aluminium is in the middle of demand.
Major terminals such as decoration, transport, electricity, etc. are exported with little and relatively limited impact, while domestic growth is steady.
Energy efficiency and low inventories indicate a supply curve for electrolytic aluminum, while strong domestic demand pushes aluminium prices up and costs down slowly, resulting in significant improvements in profits in the electrolytic aluminum industry.
The company's electrolytic aluminium compliance capacity is 3.05 million tons, taking into account Zhang's construction industry Yunnan's production limit, which is about 2.09 million tons, according to the company's 2023 output guideline of 2.55 million tons.
Yunnan's electricity prices are seasonally volatile, stable throughout the year, electrolytic aluminium costs are low across the country, and relatively high-cost +-sized ambassadors are more resilient to corporate aluminium prices. Yunnan's green energy supply is a research assistant, Wu Ki-jung.
Compared to 87%, Yunnan’s hydropower is seasonally volatile, but its green value is incalculable. Europe does impose a carbon tariff on imports, and green aluminium will be exempt from future carbon duties of $6768/t in accordance with the European carbon tariff policy, and, in the context of domestic “double carbon”, the inclusion of the electrolytic aluminium industry in the carbon trade is imperative, according to the European carbon tariff policy.
With improved profitability and capital expansion, short-term borrowing and related financial costs have declined significantly, and by the end of 2022, the corporate asset-liability ratio had fallen.
The holding shareholder, China's aluminium industry, has introduced equity incentives, and there are stronger claims on company performance, and the Sino-Aluminium group flag has increased its stock incentives, and the company's future equity incentives are to be expected.
The company’s products consist mainly of electrolytic aluminium.
In Yunnan, where the power supply ratio is close to 90%, green aluminium is the country’s largest green aluminium enterprise, and in the “double carbon” context, green aluminium is the trend. In recent years, companies have responded to the government’s request to increase the rate of aluminum water conversion and production of downstream aluminum processing products.
Gradually, the alloying rate rose from 45 per cent in 2018 to 54 per cent in 2021, but the company as a whole processed low-end products with low profitability. In December 2022, in order to address competition among its colleagues, the company transferred Yunnan Hoshi to the high end of China aluminium, but aluminium processing remains a future development focus, with production increasing.
Aluminium smelting has a long history, with significant changes in shareholders. The company’s predecessor, Yunnan Aluminium Factory, was established in 1970, deep-cut, highly skilled and experienced in safe production. In April 1998, the company made a stock-based transformation and placed it on the market.
In November 2018, the Yunnan government transferred 51% of Yunnan metallurgy held at no cost to China's copper industry.
In order to resolve the competition, China’s aluminium industry began gradually to hold shares in the Aluminium stock, China’s aluminium industry increased its participation in December 2019 by financing 10.0% of its shareholdings, and China’s aluminium industry regained 19% of its shareholdings in November 2022, making it a shareholder in the company’s holdings, and achieving a balance sheet.
Figure 2: Corporate development experience, equity concentration, strong shareholder background. With the gradual acquisition of Chinese aluminium, the controlling shareholder of the company moved from Chinese copper to Chinese aluminium, the actual controller remains the China-Aluminum Group, which together holds 18.1% of the shares.
The Middle Aluminum Group is the world ' s largest supplier of aluminium oxide, electrolytic aluminium, and the copper industry ' s combined power is the largest in the country, and the lead and zinc combined power is the fourth largest in the world, located 139th in the world ' s 500th largest in 2022.
Business income has risen steadily, and profits have increased significantly. With the expansion of electrolytic aluminium production and the centennial price of aluminium, the average annual increase has been 17.3%, with supply increasing at a lower rate due to domestic electrolytic aluminum production ceiling restrictions, and supply and demand net profits of $4.57 billion, an increase of 37.1% over the previous year.
The company's main profit is the electrolytic aluminium and aluminum processing, which, by product, differs less from the company's aluminium processing and the electrolytic aluminium collection and Maori, but because of the integration of aluminium processing, the profits of electrolytic aluminium smelting are factored into downstream.
In the area of processing, which results in higher levels of aluminum processing, less profitable aluminum processing, and more profitable than electrolytic aluminum prices, the company ' s profits are likely to be lost when aluminium prices fall significantly, and the company ' s profits are largely derived from a significant increase in electrolytic production and a marked improvement in profitability.
The company began to accelerate the development of aluminium processing, with production growing rapidly, with 1.4 million tons of aluminium processing in 2022, an increase of 12.4 per cent, compared with 12.4 per cent: as the price of aluminium rose, the company ' s profitability increased significantly, the debt of electrolytic aluminum tons of Maori fell significantly, and the cost continued to fall. As the profitability improved significantly, the company began to repay a large amount of debt.
Māori rates, net interest rates, and roe remain high. As aluminium prices rise, corporate profitability increases, combined with lower debt-led financial costs, corporate Māori rates, net interest rates and roe have recovered markedly, although 1.3 subsidiaries: are more dispersed and contribute more to profits.
The company’s assets are concentrated on the end of electrolytic aluminium, while the corporate division of electrolytic aluminium smelting energy has a larger share, with a combined production capacity of 2.9 million tons, or 93.5% of the total production capacity of electrolytic aluminium smelting companies such as alumina. Aluminium shares are also concentrated in subsidiaries, with major subsidiaries contributing net profits to the mother in 2022.
36.70 billion yuan, or 80.3 per cent of the company ' s net profit from parentage.2 The constraints of the electrolytic aluminum energy ceiling have highlighted a steady growth-led demand return to 2.1 overseas: Europe ' s output has been cut by the end of the year and recovery is far from over.
Europe’s energy prices remain high and the age of low-cost energy may not be over again. As a result of energy arbitrage, increased gas imports in Europe, combined with low heating and winter demand, European gas prices have fallen sharply, but prices remain high at $15 per million in hot units and are at historically high levels. On the basis of current prices, as of 2023
On 22 February, European electrolytic aluminium smelting lost US$ 494/t. According to the estimates, gas prices would have to fall to around US$ 8/million in heat units for European electrolytic aluminium smelting to make a profit, but Russian-European relations were swollen, European gas sources were cut from pipeline gas to high-cost lng, and European gas prices were difficult to return.
European electrolysis aluminium production has been reduced for the time being, but the road to recovery has been vastly under repair. After a wave of decline in production started in December 2021, the European electrolytic aluminium industry has not experienced any further large-scale reductions, mainly because of the electrolysis of the transport.
As of January 2023, Europe had a combined power reduction capacity of 1.12 million tons of electrolysis aluminium, which is expected to decrease in future electrolytic aluminium production in Europe, or to be difficult to produce on scale, and supply disruptions, but gas prices are likely to decline back to the low prices of the past.
Europe ' s path to the resumption of electrolytic aluminium is full of glimmers. 2.2 At home: electrolytic aluminium production is nearing the ceiling, supply is gradually identified at the top of the 2.2.1 energy ceiling, and replacement costs are significantly higher.
In April 2017, four ministries, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, introduced a clean-up of electrolytic aluminium in violation of the law, establishing a white list of electrolytic aluminium production and forming a ceiling for electrolytic aluminium compliance.
According to Ding, China's total compliance capacity in the electrolytic aluminium industry is approximately 45538,000 tons of ceilings. In the context of “double carbon”, the city of the province is forbidden to add energy-intensive energy such as electrolytic aluminium, and the electrolytic aluminum-producing ceiling is more certain. In September 2020, China clearly set a “double carbon” target, followed by Mongolia, Shandong, Gui.
In several provinces and cities, including the state, a policy of banning energy-intensive energy use, such as new electrolytic aluminium, after 2021, will become increasingly difficult to use. “In the context of double carbon, limited by technology and peaking costs, energy transformation is slower, and the economy continues to grow and demand for energy is growing, and relying solely on supply-side reforms is difficult to achieve.”
In the longer term, demand-side reforms will also be the focus, with high-energy-consuming industries being strictly regulated, electrolytic aluminium being the first to hit, and energy ceilings being more defined. Performance indicators are scarce, and electrolytic aluminium assets are worth a lot.
After that, only a compliant electrolytic aluminium project will be able to produce, and the electrolytic aluminium index will be traded. Due to higher profits in the electrolytic aluminium industry and the fact that most of the indicators are productive, fewer indicators can be sold, compliance indicators are becoming more and more evident, and the electrolytic aluminum target traded in July 2022 for more than $10,000 per ton, prices are increasing.
It also shows that the industry looks better at the profitability of the future electrolytic aluminium industry. The recent launch shows that, without taking into account capital investment packages, the intensity of the investment in electrolytic aluminium is about $6,000 per tonne, plus the price of the compliance index, the intensity of the investment in electrolytic aluminium is over $16,000 per tonne, and the cost of the replacement of the electrolytic aluminium is increasing, and it is already higher than most.
The market value of the city company's tons of aluminium and the value of its investments is high. 2.2.2 Production capacity is approaching the ceiling, with a marked decline in the scale of production and recovery.
As of February 2022, 1.8 million tons of new materials, Hing-in, HONG-Thai, Hing-Hing, will not lead to an effective supply increase, mainly from the Inner Mongolia Pronunciation, Gansu and Guangxihua-In projects, with a projected new production capacity of approximately 430,000 tons in 2023 and a significant increase in new production capacity.
In August 2022, Sichuan experienced a large power shortage due to the high temperature of the weather, the electrolytic aluminium industry began to restrict production on a large scale, and in September Yunnan was forced to suspend production and reduce loads due to the small amount of water available. As Sichuan is now recovering some capacity, we expect that it will be possible to restore some of its production capacity.
With the onset of a period of dehydration, the south-west region will be restricted again, and future shutdowns and resumptions will be regularized, but will have little impact on the overall supply. As of February 2023, the electrolytic aluminium industry had a capacity of 2.34 million tons, concentrated in hydropower and aluminium areas such as Yunnan and Sichuan.
At the end of the month, the total capacity of electrolytic aluminium was about 44.5 million tons, and only about 1 million tons of capacity from the ceiling. We expect that by the end of 2023, the total capacity of electrolytic aluminium will reach 45 million tons, its capacity will be largely high, and with the drying of water, the production of hydroelectric aluminium will begin to decline, the operational capacity will decline again, and the potential for electrolytic aluminium production in the southwest will increase further in the future.
The performance rate is high, and the supply curve is becoming steeper. With the resumption and replacement of capacity, the output utilization rate in the electrolytic aluminium industry is increasing year by year, with a capacity utilization rate of 91.0 per cent in 2022.
0.3 pct, currently reproducing mainly hydropower aluminium, with less other reproducing capacity, and with further increases in hydropower aluminium production, capacity utilization or inhibition, we expect to supply 4250-43 million tons of electrolytic aluminium when it is put into production and resumed.
2.2.3 South-west water production and regularization are more difficult to increase in capacity utilization. Seasonal changes in hydroelectric power generation are most pronounced in Yunnan and Sichuan. The water arrival season of our hydroelectric plants is marked by significant changes in power generation levels, which occur in June-September of each year, in May-October of flat water, in November.
By April of the following year, the generation of electricity during the dry season was less than 60% of the water-rich period, and the supply of electricity declined significantly. In terms of power structure in the southwest, Sichuan and Yunnan accounted for a higher share of electricity, more seasonally, and less so in Guizhou.
Yunnan's electrolytic aluminum production has increased significantly, and the dry water period has had a significant impact on the supply of aluminum. As Yunnan offered preferential electricity prices, Henan's and Shandong's electrolytic aluminum production have shifted to Yunnan, and Yunnan's electrolytic aluminum production has increased significantly in the south-west region.
Tens of tons, or 32.48 million tons of q1-q3 cloud-based aluminium electrolytic production in 2022, or 24.6 per cent of Yunnan's electricity use, were the first largest electric household in Yunnan, with a production limit of six months based on a 20 per cent production limit for dry water, affecting 560,000 tons of electrolytic aluminium supply, and the impact will increase further with the transfer of electrolytic aluminium production capacity.
2.3 Energy costs remain high, profits shift to the smelting end, costs remain high and regional variations are high. According to the Hoshikawa Mobil data, the average full cost of domestic electrolytic aluminium in November 2022 was $17670 per tonne, the ring was essentially flat, and the cost has remained relatively stable since 22q3.
At an all-time high. Between Divisions, high-cost production capacity (over $18,500/t) accounts for 25%, which supports aluminium prices more strongly. The differences between regions in electrolytic aluminium are further widening, with the difference between Henan and Xinjiang costing more than $5,000/t, and the profits of enterprises vary widely from region to region, mainly due to differences in profits.
For energy shortages, the price differential between regions has widened, with high-cost businesses supporting aluminium prices, low-cost areas, the Institute of Civil Securities, powered coal, precalcinerar prices have remained high, and the price of aluminium oxide has fallen slowly.
Not only is the electricity demand high, but the energy consumption of the unit value of the predating anode and aluminium oxide from other raw materials is also high, with energy prices up since 2020 leading to a shift in the hub of the cost of electrolytic aluminium, which is now relatively stable, less likely to go up further, and may decline gradually in the future. The electrolytic aluminum ceiling is approaching, and supply is increasing.
The speed has dropped significantly, the demand space for aluminium oxide and precalciner argon has been limited, while the supply of oil coke may have increased gradually, the price of the paralysing argon remains high, the price of aluminium oxide in the country will continue to expand, the cost of the electrolytic aluminium will have to fall gradually, and the price of aluminium will shift from cost support to supply constraints, and the smelting end will be profitable in 2022.
In Europe, production began to decline, electrolytic aluminium costs were strong, while domestic electrolytic aluminium companies did not lose production, and this support has not yet materialized in the country, mainly affecting Guangxi’s recovery rhythm, and the electrolytic aluminium cost support logic refers mainly to overseas supply. Since there has been no reduction in domestic production, there will be no recovery if costs fall in the future.
Foreign gas prices are still far from Europe’s profits to restart, and the road to restart is long. Domestic supply ends show strong aluminium prices and slow down costs will shift profits from the industrial chain to the smelting end. 2.4 The demand for electrolytic aluminium will range from “energy arbitrage” to “land-led”
The rate of commencement of the downstream aluminium processing industry is stable, with steady growth expected to increase. In 2022, the demand for aluminium materials fell significantly, owing to housing drag, with a 40 per cent drop in the rate of commencement compared to 10 pct; the aluminium slab was affected by the epidemic and the expansion of capacity, and the rate of start-up decreased; and the supply of regenerative aluminium was increased.
Aluminium downstream start-up is also consistent with the 2022 end capital, weak real estate performance. As real-estate policies and epidemic peaks pass, aluminium downstream processing is expected to recover, and demand is starting to warm.
The impact of the recession abroad is relatively limited, and domestic consumption is sustainable. In the first half of 2022, European electrolysis aluminium fell, but demand remained strong, and the price of lme aluminum rose sharply, leading to an increase in internal and external price differentials, a marked increase in domestic profits from aluminium exports, and a significant increase in exports, but as the price differential recovered significantly, the volume of exports fell significantly, and I was in 2022.
The country ' s undrived aluminium and aluminium exports were 6.6 million tons, an increase of 17 per cent, and its net exports of 4.21 million tons, an increase of 1.81 million tons (+75 per cent) in comparison with the same year. In the case of the Federal Reserve, aluminium exports will be affected, but as exports of 2022q4 aluminium have fallen to a low level in recent years, if there is no apparent recession in overseas demand.
With the lifting of the May epidemic and the gradual upturn in domestic aluminium consumption, we measured domestic aluminium consumption of 3,651 million tons in 2022, an increase of 0.7% over the same period, and although real estate demand for aluminium is more pronounced, electrolytic aluminium as a whole
Demand continues to rise, indicating strong demand growth in other areas, and demand for electrolytic aluminium is expected to rise in 2023 with the end of the epidemic and steady growth. Domestic and external stocks are relatively low. Demand remains strong owing to frequent disruptions at the supply end, in 2022.
Internal and lme electrolytic aluminium stocks continue their downward trend, with stocks at historically low levels. The decline in domestic stocks is due in part to an increase in aluminum water conversion rates and a decrease in aluminum in soot production, but aluminium-aluminum is also a dynamic stock with low downstream demand, and companies will also increase the proportion of casted sodium, which still reflects overall supply and demand.
The aluminium price logic will shift from cost support to supply constraints, the refining profits will be gradually repaired, and industry profits will be in the industry.
Bottom, future elasticity. With the fall in power coal and precipitous prices, the electrolytic aluminium industry recovered its profits. As of February 23, 2023, according to our calculations, there was a loss of $46/ton from a ton of aluminum tax on electrolytic aluminium in Shandong. Smelting profits will continue to improve in the future as the cost progresses.
The supply and demand balance: Aluminium is expected to remain tightly balanced in 2023. Supply-side increases are mainly due to re-production, lower production capacity, supply-side constraints, demand-side drops and a certain drag, but real estate growth is steady.
The gap remains. In the long run, supply constraints are more rigid, while automobiles, photovoltaics, electricity, packaging, etc. continue to grow steadily, while real estate will stabilize and demand potential will remain high, and supply will depend more on imports, with a more pronounced gap.
3 Performance is flexible, green power advantages are gradually highlighting 3.1 electrolytic aluminium production costs are stable, the country is in a low position, and Yunnan prices are seasonally volatile and stable throughout the year. In September 2021, Yunnan eliminated preferential electricity prices.
Measures, the electrolytic aluminium industry, all of which has a trading price mechanism, and electricity prices. Yunnan Province, which is dominated by electricity and water, has a high rate of volatility due to seasonal changes in the water coming to Yunnan, where the water boom in July-September was as low as $150/mwh, and in November-May of the following year, the water loss rose to $270/mwh.
RMB/mwh, an increase of $47/mwh over 2017, coupled with network fees, government funds, etc., the average electricity price of the company in 2022 was about 400 yuan/mwh, free of taxes, 354 yuan/mwh, which is low in the country. The electricity price, the advantage of aluminium oxide, is clear, and the cost of aluminium electrolysis in Yunnan is low in the country.
Yunnan is close to Guangxi, while Guangxi bauxite is rich in resources, has less development years, has greater potential for the future, has greater prices than rivers, south and mountains, and has long coastlines, easier future imports of bauxite and oxidation. Aluminium raw materials also have a certain advantage, and the price of the bauxite oxide is significantly lower than that of Henan and Shanxi, and along with the river south,
In September 2022, Yunnan electrolyzed aluminium was second only to Xinjiang and the Qinghai Sea, with a strong cost advantage, and Yunnan's main hydroelectric power, free from coal prices.
3.2 Aluminium electrolysis is capable of producing a high degree of elasticity, and a high degree of electrolytic aluminum production is ranked first in Yunnan. The company produces 3.1 million tons of total electrolytic aluminium, followed only by China, the Honghashi, Chinese aluminium industry and the State, of which 3.05 million tons are in compliance, and the electrolytic aluminum interest is about 2.54 million.
Tons, large electrolytic aluminium production capacity, low profits at current aluminium prices, and company profits are concentrated on electrolytic aluminium end, with high corporate performance elasticity and investment values as the costs of electrolytic aluminium production rise and the prices of aluminium rise. Electricity normalisation of water durations, with post-partum interest production still standing at 2.09 million tons.
Yunnan, which accounts for more than 80% of the electricity generated during the dry season, has seen a marked decline in electricity generation. The company ' s capacity for electrolytic aluminium production affected 1.15 million tons in 2021 by both energy consumption control and the lack of electricity during the dry season. In September 2022, the company ' s capacity for electrolytic aluminium was limited to 810,000 tons, according to the Kichuan Mobil.
In February 2023, production restrictions expanded further. Due to seasonal changes in hydropower power, future dry water deadlines will be regularized, with a company yield of about 2.09 million tons, in line with the company’s 2023 output of 2.5 million tons.
It's not fixed, the annual increase in water changes between the beginning of April and the beginning of May, the earlier part of 2022, and the later part of 2020. Compared to the uncertainty of the point of arrival, the period of abundance is generally stable, the period of abundance is early, the period of abundance is early, the end is early, the end is too late, the overall amount of water is not very different, the water is hydroelectric.
The amount of electricity generated has also been relatively stable, so the period of shutdown of Yunnan electrolytic aluminium has been relatively stable, with a long dimension, corporate power, and output of electrolytic aluminium will not change significantly.
The advantage of hydro-aluminum is even more pronounced in the context of "doubt carbon." The high energy consumption of electrolytic aluminum per ton has been a major focus of domestic conservation and reduction policies, be it technological upgrading or low pressure, and the electrolytic aluminum industry is directly engaged in energy-saving reduction. As the domestic target of "doubt carbon" is established, energy intensity is higher than energy consumption.
Development is limited, the electrolytic aluminium industry is bearing the brunt, energy-saving emission reductions are faster, the technology for carbon trading in the electrolytic aluminium industry is almost complete, and it is imperative to include carbon trading in the future. In addition to technological adaptations to reduce energy consumption, the green transformation of the electrolytic aluminium industry is even more important, with the carbon peak implementation programme for the colored industry calling for "15."
With the implementation of future carbon trading and energy transformation requirements, green energy values will gradually be reflected, with hydropower as the lowest-cost green energy source, power generation and stability, a natural and good partner in the production of electrolytic aluminium.
Requiring more than 30 per cent renewable energy for electrolytic aluminium during the 15-year period to reach 25 per cent renewable energy for electrolytic aluminium in 2025 and 30 per cent renewable energy for non-ferrous metals in 2030
In 2005, Europe took the lead in opening a carbon-emissions deal. Since the opening of the market, carbon prices have fluctuated more because of the difficulty of matching quotas with economic development, but “Category-emissions have been gradually reduced and carbon prices have been rising upwards.”
The demand for emissions has been tightened, with annual carbon emission reductions rising from 1.74% to 2.2%, carbon prices rising significantly, and carbon prices are likely to rise and fall in the future as European “carbon neutral” pressures have grown. Domestic carbon traders are booming and carbon prices are set.
Pilot carbon trading in seven provinces and cities. In December 2020, the domestic power generation sector started with carbon trading, national carbon trading markets were gradually established, domestic carbon trading was based on the European market, the Government set the total quota amount, opened by national carbon trading in the market year, the price of carbon went up fast, influenced by the “double carbon” policy objective, and used European carbon prices as a reference.
In the future, domestic carbon prices will be higher, and the value of green energy will rise. Figure 49: Shanghai carbon trading prices (in yuan/tonnes) has been adopted and the price of carbon has increased. 9 February 2023, European Parliament environment, public
The Commission on Health and Food Safety (envi) formally adopted the European Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism (Cbam) Agreement, which entered into force on 1 October 2023, which called for the introduction of carbon tariffs on iron and steel, cement, aluminium, fertilizer, etc., which began in 2026, with the phasing out of free quotas until 2034.
cbam = carbon content x (EU carbon payment cost - exporting country carbon payment cost) Our carbon trading mechanism has developed late, carbon quotas have been issued sufficiently, carbon prices are far lower than those in Europe, and domestic electrolytic aluminium will face high tariffs as European carbon tariff policy lands. According to the tariff-based formula, exports to Europe will take place.
At the current price differential between Europe and domestic carbon, China's carbon tariffs on the export of electrolytic aluminium to Europe are approximately $6768/tonne, while the ratio of electrolytic aluminium to fossil fuels is higher for Yunnan renewables, and the company's green power space is huge.
Hydropower accounts for up to 80%, wind and other new energy sources for 7%, renewable energy for up to 87%, decomposition of aluminium carbon emissions is low, green aluminium is visible. When the power sector opens the carbon trade, it operates more smoothly, and, in the context of “double carbon”, it is imperative that the high-energy sector be included in the carbon emissions trading as the electrolytic aluminium runs in the future.
Industry is included in the carbon trade, and Yunnan's green aluminium advantage will be highlighted, and the cost advantage is expected to be further consolidated. Currently, domestic carbon prices fluctuate around $60 per ton, translating into electrolytic aluminium costs, resulting in savings of $656 per ton (if the share of renewable energy is taken into account, companies can save about $571 per ton) and green for exporting to Europe electrolytic aluminium.
Aluminium colour has an enormous advantage, with a cost saving of $6768/t (which companies can save about $5888/tonne, considering their renewable energy share) and, given that future carbon constraints are becoming increasingly apparent, the value of green aluminium may increase further. The company's electrolytic aluminium assets are located in Yunnan, and the long-term value of the green aluminium contained therein is incalculable.
A significant improvement in the balance sheet would result in full release The determination of the electrolytic aluminium compliance white list, control of the expansion of the electrolytic aluminium production, but the continued expansion of capacity, the rise in total assets, the weaker profitability and the high asset-liability ratio as a result of the achievement of a number of indicators to reduce poverty in Yunnan and the earthquake disaster
Since 2019, the energy ceiling has shown constraints, supply has begun to slow down, aluminium oxide and aluminium prices have moved away, corporate profits have continued to improve, and the expansion of electrolytic aluminium assets has largely ended, construction assets have declined, investment funds have declined significantly, and balance sheets have been optimized.
The value is thin, capital assets are falling, liquid assets are rising, and total assets are likely to remain high in the future.2 Construction works: the period of expansion of capacity ends, the period of expansion of capital expenditure ends, construction works in progress is moving from 2019: the industry continues to make good profits, cash flows improve significantly, with net increases from $340 million in 2018.
By 2022, $6.91 billion was invested in net cash flows. 2 Investment cash flows: corporate investment liabilities dropped significantly as asset expansion came to an end. As corporate profitability improved and the capital cycle ended, companies had sufficient cash to start paying their debts, and long-term and short-term borrowing decreased significantly.
4.2 The asset impairments are sufficient, and the net profit on future light loads is $1.41 billion. According to the breakdown, the company accounts for the impairments mainly in raw materials such as aluminium oxide, bauxite ore and carbon.
Share, and improve the market’s expectations of corporate performance release, it is expected that the valuation will be reshaped. From a more detailed breakdown, the end of the electrolytic aluminium asset, mainly for obsolete equipment that is technologically backward and energy-intensive, will be reduced by a reduction in the value of the clean-up company’s electrolytic aluminium production, which has been concentrated in 400 and 500ka of the latest releases in recent years.
Electrolysis cell, 300kwh per ton of aluminium consumption compared to the national level; raw materials, aluminium oxides, bauxite ore ends, mainly through impairment of ancillary equipment and prospecting rights, mainly due to reduced taste and long-term legacy of bauxite ore resources; aluminium processing end, mainly because of processing end-of-end aluminium processing
In addition to production equipment, companies also have impairments of assets attached to accommodations, hotels, software systems, etc. From this perspective, the impairment of assets is adequate.
In November 2022, China’s Aluminium Acquisition Company held 19% of the shares, holding 29.1% of the holdings. The company’s performance increased significantly in terms of profits from the Aluminium industry in China. In 2022, the share of the Aluminium stock contributed to the mother’s net profit as a percentage of the Aluminium industry in China’s own share share of 46.5%.
In November 2021, the country ' s aluminium industry issued an equity incentive to deduct net non-repatriation profits from the 75 per cent ranking value and industry average, and to recover future profits in the electrolytic aluminium industry, while China ' s aluminium aluminium oxide asset ratio is higher and less profitable, with the risk of a loss of performance, and China ' s aluminium industry will have a stronger demand for company performance.
At the end of 2017 and the end of 2021 China's aluminium industry, respectively, with the introduction of equity incentives at the group level for the future.
The probability of companies and the Yunnan copper industry being implemented is also expected or phased in. Equity incentives in the parent Chinese aluminium industry, as well as possible future equity incentives in the company, will contribute to the release of companies’ future performance.5 Profit predictions and investment proposals
5.1 Profit projection assumption and business split profit projection assumption and business split: company-owned electrolytic aluminium and downstream aluminium processing operations. Aluminium processing is based on an annual electrolytic aluminium production of 2.555 million tons or 2550,000 tons or 2550,000 tons, while a company-owned aluminium processing is based on home-grown aluminum production, whereas aluminium processing is based on the production of aluminum.
The company continues to develop the aluminium-processing industry, and the output of aluminium-processing has increased, so the sale of electrolytic aluminium has declined. At the cost end, electricity is hydropower, the cost is relatively stable, the price of the precipitous poles has dropped significantly, and the overall supply and demand of aluminium oxide has been very low, at a cost of RMB 19.138 billion, RMB 17.230 billion, at a cost of RMB 16,967 million and RMB 146.8 billion, respectively.
Aluminium-processing plates, companies responding to government requests, are working to increase the rate of aluminum-water conversion, downstream aluminium-processing products 1.6 million tons/1.8 million tons, assuming that aluminium-processing product processing costs are $1940/t, and product sales prices are respectively estimated: company-owned electrolytic aluminium operations with lower profits from aluminium processing, and we have chosen the same option as electrolytic aluminum plates.
The Tianshan Aluminium industry, the Shinogu shares, and the Chinese aluminium industry are comparable companies. Compared to the company’s average value of pe in 2023, it is estimated to be nine times the same as the company, but the company’s electrolytic aluminum production is high and the business of electrolytic aluminium is high, its prices are high, and its valuation is expected to increase.
Investment proposals: The electrolytic aluminium industry is exposed to beta, company costs are stable, electrolytic aluminium interests are high, and performance is high 1) Yunnan is over-expected. There is a marked decline in power generation in Yunnan, which will be normal, and there will be insufficient or will result in over-expected electricity cuts in Yunnan, which will be over-expected by the company.
2) The demand for electrolytic aluminium is not as high as expected. The company’s product is electrolytic aluminium, the supply of electrolytic aluminium is more certain, the greatest uncertainty is on the demand side, there is insufficient robust growth and real estate continues to decline significantly, which will cause a significant drag on the demand for electrolytic aluminium, which may be insufficient and affect aluminium prices.
3) The process of incorporating electrolytic aluminium into carbon trading is not as advanced as expected. Green aluminium is a business card for companies, and electrolytic aluminium is included in carbon trading, which is conducive to lower costs for companies and higher profitability, but there is no clear timetable for moving slowly or affecting the company’s long-term value.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.