On June 4th, 2024, Shanxi Liquor hosted a sales reprieve in Yunnan Kunming.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn raises prices for the upgrading of the waist products, with more flowers in each price band.
10 bucks per bottle) with a price increase of $318 per bottle; 42/45 degrees 10 years of wine, 30 yuan per package (5 yuan per bottle) with a price increase of $135 per bottle at a price increase of 45 cents; and 42 degrees of flavour with a price increase of 30 yuan per unit ($5 per bottle) with a price increase.
For 80 bucks per bottle. In it, the hip product is fully upgraded to 10 cents, with original illustrations on the bottle and box, describing the 100-year glory of the old white wine. This upgrade and price increases are in line with the current consumption environment, and it is expected to be available in the market for the festival.
This year, the growth rate is expected to be an important engine for overall growth.
Based on the feedback from the channel, there is still an old stock in the market, the new five yards.
A single product is expected to be imported into the market by mid-autumn. Of this, a 50 ml*6 ticket opening price of 42° 53° (five-coded version) is consistent with the upgraded version, with a terminal delivery cost of $419/443 per box. The nationalization of a single product would be beneficial.
The company maximizes mobility channels, improves their efficiency and strengthens terminal 1, Shanxi Wine (60809): brand canals take control and expects price transmission after the new products are fully loaded.
We've long seen the company lead the fragrant heights, strong head growth, sustained strength.
Head growth, full price-band product rotation and steady performance growth, channel model 3, Shanxi Liquor (60809): Qing Lilong double, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
The macroeconomic downside risks, the 20-percent growth of the Saffron, the pace of the gift, the 30-pack price recovery of the Saffron, etc., were not as high as expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
(cfa, three years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.