Shanxi wine (60809.sh) kept the pace of business steady and the 30-year-old Renaissance was long-term.
We've been told that Shanxi's annual stockholders' conference for 2023 was held on May 17, 2024.
The country believes in food and drink: 1) the 30-year-old Renaissance has been running and the hips have continued to function. 2) The emphasis in Shanxi Province has been on rhythm, and the market outside the province has adopted differentiated tests. 3) The “happiness” has continued to advance, and the price system has been steadily improving. 4) Investment proposals: to maintain the profit margin, considering the company's business continuity, the 30-year Renaissance has been developed in an orderly manner, and the “buy-in” rating has been maintained.
At the pace of operations, it is expected to be 2024, or 2024, or 2025, or 2025, or a year in which the company will strengthen the overall growth of high-end alcohol users. In the Sunflower 30, Renaissance Value Expression System, the company will follow up or “value re-creation”,
“Value reexpression” and “stabilization and upgrading” have completed the top-level design, and it is expected that there will be some good moves in terms of cultural empowerment and consumer contact. On product compartmentalization, we expect companies or companies to increase or follow-up the line of 20 saffrons, 30 saffrons, 40 Renaissances and 40 Chinese Dragons, and achieve a 30-spring-up distribution of the Saffron through the promotion of 40 Chinese Dragons.
From a product structure, 2024 was a year of demand recovery, with a marked recovery in the 100-300 price range and in the public banquet market, and therefore the speed of product restructuring and demand capture capabilities of the wine industry. Shanxi wines are based on multi-species matrices, with a series of 100-300 prices in Panama and a series of old whites, and it is expected that in 2024 companies will either strengthen the price advantage of the old whites and Panamas, and that the old whites will be replaced in due course.
Xianxi Province focuses on the rhythm, and the outside market takes a different approach to the assessment. Xianxi Province markets are either focused on the rhythm, inventory, and stability of the basics in the province; Xianxi Province markets or a positive offensive trend, Root.
According to the maturity of the different markets, the demand for growth and the market approach are different. We believe that there is a more balanced distribution of income across the Shanxi region, which can smooth the overall pace of business through the region.
In terms of channel reform, the company has been promoting the full range of “happinesss” since November 2023, followed by end-classification, matching supply relationships, collating end-profit models, strengthening organizational building, etc., and strengthening the capacity of producers to manage price plates and terminals. In terms of demand, industry adjustment, alcohol is a high-morigin, high-transit “quality supply” during periods of weak recovery, and distributors are cooperating on channel reform, cost reform, etc.
Markets across the country or emerging model of dealer reform, companies have developed new models of company collaboration to provide a solid basis for comprehensive follow-up. From price system stability, Shanxi Liquor promotes the digitization of products and channels, linking cost inputs to a high clearance rate, thereby increasing cost-investment efficiency and ensuring overall price board stability.
The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, and that the results of the analysis are consistent with the results of the study.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author