On April 25, 20, 2023 and the first of 2024.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn
The increase in profitability is evident and the product structure is high. The increase in the Māori rate/net interest rate in 2023 was mainly a result of the product structure upgrades brought about by the active control of the bovine, and the fall at the net interest rate was a result of the cost of selling at the same rate as the centralization of costs +4.69 pcts.
+1.90/+2.75 pcts, the increase in profitability is evidently mainly due to the faster growth of the Saffron series, which quickly leads to product structure upswings and a slight drop in the cost end. q1 operates with a higher net cash flow and a strong growth incentive. 2023/2024q1 operates with a different net cash flow.
The decline in net operating cash flows by year in 2023 was mainly due to increases in the payment of taxes and fees
In terms of the operations of the main camp, in mid-2023, the high price of wine/other liquor was collected, respectively.
Intra-Provincial/Extra-Provincial Collections, respectively, in 2023, the core market in the south grew by more than 30%, the process of nationalization continued to accelerate, and the process of nationalization continued to accelerate.
q1 power suppliers have increased, and the new channel model is expected to grow. In 2023, direct sales agents/distributors/electrics increased by -2024q1, with a total of 3718 company distributors, representing an increase of 71.
Thanks to the new channel model of “Bride for Love” it is expected to further improve the efficiency and management of the channels and to continue to increase the control of the terminals and consumers with the delivery of “five-sized-one-size” products. In 2024, the company sought to achieve a similar increase in revenue.
We've long seen the company lead the vanity of the fragrance with the vanity of its vanity, head-on growth, full-priced product rotation and steady growth, channel model, macroeconomic downside risk, 20 less growth than expected, gifted production progress.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in Hin securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential, and has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, deep-market thinking about Soup and deep insight into the sub-high-end white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.