Shanxi wine is now on the market to strengthen the basis for market development.
Food drinks, white wine ii, investment rating: better than big market (maintenance) Zhang Xiaowei
Li Wenhua Zhang Xiaoai incident: 04 0624, a wine salesr with the theme “In-depth implementation of the rejuvenation platform and overall promotion of high-quality market development”
The General Conference of Distributors is being held in Yunnan Kunming. 1) The new edition of the Old Shirts has been completely upgraded, and Saffron 20 has been imported into the five-yard system. 2) Digital transformation is continuing, with cultural, organizational, competitiveness or core. 3) Investment proposals: Shanxi wine is moving into a high-energy development phase, maintaining earlier profit predictions.
The new version of the old white Quint 20 is now being introduced into the five-yard system at the Shanxi Wine Kunming Marketing Congress, where 20 white Quints and 10 white Queens are being upgraded, and the entire series of white Queens is being offered at an increase of $5 per bottle.
Newly upgraded SWF20 fully integrates the “five-yard-one” system, embeds the rfid chip in the bottle cap (supporting nfc reading) and strengthens the company’s management of channels and price systems. For the first time in almost five years, the Old White Shirt series has been upgraded, with fares raised, and companies have hit the waist core of 30 billion years after the harvest.
The digital transformation is continuing, cultural renewal, organizational re-engineering, competitiveness re-engineering or core. 2024 was the year of the continuous short-chaining of wine channels, a five-yard linkage system based on scavenging rates, which addresses market order issues, such as the price of swirling channels, and what is rightfully meant by the bottom of the 30 billion-dollar era.
In operation, we expect the company to have a full-scale new scavenging system in 20243 to achieve the manufacturer's “control board profit.” Following this, the company is expected to actively improve the quality of its marketing around the three dimensions of “cultural re-engineering, organizational re-engineering, competitive re-engineering” — dimensions such as top-level design and product segmenting in the 30-year-old Renaissance — or new initiatives.
Investment proposals: Shanxi wine is entering a high-performance development phase, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating, increasing competition; demand recovery is less than expected; policy risks, etc.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject