On May 17, 2024, Shanxi Liquor hosted a 2023 shareholder in Shanxiyang.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn creates a wheeled dynamic of products with price belts, looking forward to 30 new expressions, flexible responses to industry changes, and greater attention to waist products. The company has a multi-priced product.
With the product layout, the locomotives of Panama and the old platinum series are located at a price band of 100-300 and are expanded nationwide on the basis of the high degree of maturity within the province, with Panama selecting 40 urban dots, the old platinum series and the old platinum series.
The company will set up a professional steering group, which will be listed in June, and hold two major product promotions, looking forward to high-growth growth at the power banquet.
From the re-creation of 30 brand values, the formation of standardized expressions, solidification, and uplifting of consumers, those who recognize three dimensions and stages of branding reflect a new brand image. At the same time, it is expected that branding will be heavily launched in one-line city.
• A flexible planning strategy within and outside the province, with class advantages leading to growth, which is now growing better, in line with rising consumption within the province; regions with built-up capacity outside the province/areas with better local economic development/species are still selling throughout the year in the breeding area
The company is now moving forward with the "Bride for the Bride", the "Sandish Liquor" (60809), and the "Celebrity Dragon" (60809).
In the wake of the "new channel model reform, which will be followed by a five-yard new product, strong growth, sustained and strong", the efficiency of the channel will be enhanced and market management will be further strengthened.
Two: Shanxi Liquor (600809); Qing Lilong, we've long seen the company lead the vanity of the fragrance with its vanity and its leader's advantage.
Head growth, full-priced product rotation, steady growth in performance, pattern adjustment, moderate performance 2024-02 - Macroeconomic downside risks, 20 less growth in Saffron than expected, gifted production progress
The Food Beverage Group presents Sunshan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, etc.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential stock; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has been deeply marketed and seen as sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
Liaoyan State: Master of Arts, cfa, 3 years of research in the food and beverage industry at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, covering the areas of beer, halogen, and wine.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.