Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) First, the year's highlight: 30 billion + income + 10 billion + profit for the first time in the year.
The sales of the series reached 46 per cent, earning about 14.6 billion yuan, and the flowers became 20 billion single items, with high-end bright spots outstanding; the almond village wine continued to be reinforced with acupuncture supplements; and the bamboo-leaf wine was locked up with a lifeline on the price of controlled products, and the terminal was strengthened.
(2) In terms of regional distribution, one province has an income of 12,084 million yuan, compared with 20,41 per cent, a steady increase in sales, a 30 per cent increase in the core market south of the Yangtze River and a further expansion of the nationalization process.
Shanxi wine (600809.sh): Actively managed level to achieve profit-side elastic release. Shanxi wine (600809.sh): price increases
\triangleright accelerates repayments and responds in the second half of the year.
Billion dollars, equal to +9.9 per cent, have now achieved large monolithic layouts at multiple core prices, working in synergy, building up growth, increasing production in the salami-breeding market, increasing production in the saliva-breathing market, leading to a stable market, and making a larger breakthrough in the 20-single to be “fast and good”; and 3-single 30s and so on.
The above-mentioned products seek to develop a successful development model that is consistent with a high-quality culture of life and consumption. (2) The nationalization process is sustainable, with an income of $5,597 million in one province, i.e. +11.44 per cent in the same year; and 2 provinces with an external income of $9.7 billion, i.e. +27.61 per cent in the same province, with higher levels of innovation in the same province, i.e. +3.19 ptt-to
In our view, in the context of the current promotion of the “destroyal pleasures”, it would be easier for companies to better regulate their channels., ltd
The profit distribution structure and the product price board have helped to improve the flow of energy and to achieve a growth potential.
Acknowledging that large singles have a strong incentive to sell in the core price band. (3) Mothers ' net interest rates have exceeded 40%, Māori rates are equal to +1.9 pct, turnover tax rates are equal -1.05 pct, sales costs are equal to −0.48 pc, management costs are equal to −0.09 pct, profitability is high
\triangleright Risk factors: business demand recovery is less than expected; industry competition is increasing; market opening is less than expected \triangleright
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan University of Technology, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry, followed by first-line sales in the cellars, Dukang, and the Shelde wine industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end alcohol, sub-high-end and low- and medium-end prices.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, graduate from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research, development, and operation at Sapto, the mammoth's giant. Covered dairy products (in-depth research on the shares of Elie, the milk industry, the milk industry of Montagnard, the blues industry, the natural milk industry) and food additives (in-depth research).
Qing Li, Master of Finance, has graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics. Covered the white wine (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Xinzhou cellar, Xi Xi Xi, Xi Xi Xi, Xi Xi Xi, Xi Xi Xi, Xi Xi, Xi Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xiao Wei, Xu, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X,
In 2023, he joined the Sindam Bonded Food and Beverage Group, covering mainly white wine plates. Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and beverages (in-depth study of farmers' springs).
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.