In 2022, the losses increased to reflect the reversal of flag aviation performance.
The profits were 38.62 billion yuan, of which 10.81 billion yuan (-36.7%) was collected in a single quarter of the fourth quarter, resulting in a net profit for the mother - $10.52 billion. Overall, the year-round deficit in performance affected a drop in passenger flows and a drop in revenue.
The increase was again 26.6%, but the company as a whole was still recovering due to the weakness of passenger traffic, and the high prices of oil throughout the year were subject to cost pressures and the year’s losses were expected. In 2022, the international price of oil as a whole was high, the aviation cost was high, and the shipping of oil was significantly lower than during the same period in 21 years.
Cost increases still range from 9.9% to 22.760 million, with significant cost pressures, higher fixed costs for airlines, depreciation of exchange rates, and pressure on companies to operate. Throughout the year, significant losses were realized throughout the year as a result of the overall needs of the civil aviation industry, oil prices and exchange rates.
We're looking forward to a rapid recovery in civil aviation supply and demand, and we're looking forward to a significant increase in the civil aviation fleet in 2020-2022, with the number of domestic passenger flights over the same period in 2019 after the summer and autumn seasons, and the number of international flights.
China State Navigation (60111.sh) - Continuing losses in performance, looking at a reversal of the cycle, sustained growth, and a recovery in passenger flows. With a sustained recovery in demand, civil aviation will eventually be more supply than demand, China State Navigation (60111.sh) - planning to gain control of the Mountain Shipping Group, with heavy industry.
In the transition to a balance between supply and demand and even between supply and demand, prices are expected to continue to be strong, and corporate performance is expected to continue rapidly.
Investment proposals: up profit forecasts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Considering that immunization policy was optimized earlier than expected than in the previous report, that the civil aviation sector recovered earlier and that oil prices declined, the upward profit projections were raised from -96.2 billion to $8.200 billion, respectively
The Chinese State Airlines report for 2022 revealed that 52.9 billion yuan (-29.0 per cent) was collected throughout the year, resulting in net profits of 38.62 billion yuan, of which four quarters were due to the impact of oil prices and exchange rates, and that the overall year's performance deficit was in line with expectations.
Figure 1: Revenue from and increase in China ' s national navigation (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Revenue from the single season of China ' s national navigation and the rate of increase (in millions, per cent)
The harvest continued to decline. Figure 5: China Air Ask and the same-year increase. Figure 6: China Air Quarterly ask and the same-year increase.
Figure 7: China State Airlines rpk and the same-year increase in speed, Figure 8: China State Aviation Single Quarterly rpk and the same-year increase
Figure 10: Quarterly passenger arrivals by China State Navigation, Figure 11: Changes in earnings from Chinese State Navigation kilometres, Figure 12: Revenue from operation of rpk unit, China State Navigation Quarterly
The high prices of oil for the year as a whole brought about cost pressures, the year-round losses matched expectations, the overall high international oil prices in 2022, the high cost of aviation oil, and the fact that the cost of shipping oil continued to rise by 9.9 per cent to 22,760 million over the same period in 21 years, bringing significant cost pressures to add to the cost of shipping.
The Department’s fixed costs are higher and the exchange rate depreciates and the company operates under pressure. Throughout the year, the civil aviation industry has experienced demand, oil prices, and exchange rate losses that are significant throughout the year.
Figure 15: Non-oil costs and year-on-year ratios for China ' s national navigation, Figure 16: Non-oil costs and year-on-year costs for China ' s national navigation quarterly, Figure 17: Non-oil costs and year-on-year ratios for China ' s national aviation unit, ask
Figure 18: Non-oil costs per unit ask for the Chinese State Navigation Quarterly and by comparison, Figure 20: Trends in the quarterly cost rates of the Chinese State Navigation Quarterly
Figure 22: China’s total quarterly withholding of profits continues to look at the reversal of civil aviation supply and demand, and the company’s performance is expected to pick up rapidly.
The company’s expansion in 2023 continued to be cautious in terms of creating preconditions for a demand-supply reversal. After the summer and autumn of 2023, the number of domestic passenger flights had increased steadily over the same period in 2019, and the flow of passengers was recovering. With a sustained recovery in demand, civil aviation would eventually move from supply to demand to demand balance and supply.
In response to the transition, prices are expected to remain strong and corporate performance is expected to pick up rapidly. Figure 24: Volume of international, regional line passenger flights in civil aviation Investment proposals: upward profit forecasts, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings.
Considering that, compared to the previous report, quarantine policy was optimized earlier than expected, the civil aviation industry recovered at an earlier pace and the author assured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; and the author had not studied it in the past, now or in the future.