Resource and Environmental Research Centre (RESEE) Increases in the level of revenue were significant, with a small decline in net net profit deductions A smooth rate of increase in power and a significant increase in the level of revenue: corporate capacity increased at a steady rate during the reporting period, ask as a whole
At the same time, the occupancy rate increased by 1.1 pct. The profit level became a bright spot, with the fuel surcharge effect, and the overall level of revenue from the inter-air route finally warmed, with a similar increase of 5.5 per cent/2.1 per cent and 3.3 per cent for Europe, North America and Australia, with the exception of the significant increase in the Japanese-Korean line.
The net 37/62 will be introduced in 2019, with steady growth rates. In Shanghai, two periods of constant tension are expected to result in higher than expected net profits, lower fares are expected, summer fares are expected to increase significantly, and corporate earnings will continue to rise in the second half of the year.
Cost control has been significant, with the unit cost of withholding oil declining by 2.8%: the business cost of 2018h1 increased by the same amount as the cost of refuelling for the same reason as the cost of refuelling.
3. The improved performance of the East Air logistics transfer, with a 6.3 per cent change in yield level, less than 9.8 per cent at atk, indicates good control over the consumption of oil per unit of the company. In addition, the non-oil component of the company has a significant impact, with the cost of flying repairs, employee remuneration and operating leases increasing less than atk.
4. " Freight separation and low rate of harvest and fuel pressure, resulting in a similar decrease of 2.8 per cent per ton of non-oil costs per kilometer, is expected to continue with the company ' s cost control efforts.
5. " Multiple Cost Growth, Investment Gains-Contribution Industry " . Companies raise their net profits by 270 million dollars through foreign exchange forward contracts. The current 1% change in the dollar against the renminbi will affect their net profits by 230 million dollars. At the same time, higher interest rates result from higher RMB debt ratios.
201h1, a one-time gain of $1.75 billion from the transfer of the company’s shareholdings in East China’s logistics, formed a high base, which is also the main reason for the significant decline in the company’s performance during the current period.
The company is located in Shanghai, with a marked increase in the level of returns, and will benefit fully from the improvements in supply and demand in the industries that are brought about by the policy.
The new airport in Beijing is not operating as expected, with oil prices and exchange rate fluctuations, disease outbreaks and severe weather events.