The ship-building landscape leads up to the top, and the diesel plates rise in volume at a very high price, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre recommends logic: 1 - Global ship-building cycle up and leading to the ship-packing industry in the first half of 2023.
The company ' s new low-speed order of $6.99 billion, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period,2 ship engines are at the heart of the industrial chain, the company ' s diesel business is able to fully enjoy the current shipbuilding cycle, the share of ng methanol fuel-powered ships is expected to increase significantly in 2023, and research and development of ammonia and hydrogen fuel-powered ship technology is under way.
The company has made a zero break in the volume orders for the Methanol mainframe, and it is expected that in the future, with the recovery of shipping markets, shipowners will be able to improve significantly, starting new shipbuilding orders because of the need for the renewal of old, non-environmental ships. The superb weather in the market has increased the profitability of the collectors and the negative assets.
Debt schedules have been further optimized, and the ageing of ships has led to the outbreak of a large number of container ship orders in 21 years. In 22 years, new container ships have begun to come down, but they are still at historically high levels, with an increase in ng ship locking orders. The order for bulk carriers began to grow at the end of the 23rd year.
• The global shipping industry chain, starting with the supply of upstream raw materials, is manufactured at the mid-marine shipyard and extended to downstream shipping public administration applications. The shipyard’s new acceptance of orders has erupted, and the landscape is also expected to pass to upstream ship-backing firms.
With environmental policies tightening, the global ship-building market will accelerate changes to green ships, providing an opportunity for high-quality development in the relevant ship-packing industry. In the first half of 2023, companies signed new low-speed orders of $6.99 billion to achieve zero breakthroughs on bulk orders with the main aircraft.
The company started a major restructuring in 2015, further restructuring of diesel power operations in 2022, and the volume of diesel engine operations increased. 2023H1 registered 41.4% revenue and 46.3% contribution to the company ' s Māori share as the core link in the industry chain.
With a view to enjoying the cycle of the current round, the company is expected to achieve a highly relevant net profit for the parent owner by 2023, with three listed companies in the shipbuilding industry selected as a reference for valuation, and we believe that companies continue to build core competitiveness, are expected to increase profitability further, cover for the first time, and recommend sustained attention.
China’s power has grown into a one-stop supplier of power demand solutions for high-end power equipment development, manufacturing, system integration, marketing, and serving as one. China’s power is a company listed under the China Shipping Group’s flag for power equipment, the predecessor.
Windshow shares, co-sponsored by five sponsors, including the China-China Heavy Industry, were established in 2000 and the main lead-acid batteries were listed in 2004, and a major asset reorganization was launched in May 2015 to make the company a company covering gas power, steam power, chemical power, full power, civilian nuclear power, by issuing shares and paying cash to purchase the assets of 16 companies under the China Heavy Industries Group.
In April 2016, the company changed its name to Chinese power. In 2017, the company co-financed a diesel company with Chinese and Chinese heavy labourers to effectively integrate low-speed enterprise resources, improve overall competitiveness, build low-speed service systems, and expand.
In 2018, the purchase of fuelwood heavy workers and heavy-tooth companies was completed in cash. In 2022, competition was further regulated for diesel power, with the subsidiaries using equity and cash as a price for the acquisition of diesel power items held by the China Shipping Industries Group, the China Heavy Industry Group, the Chinese Ships and the Chinese Power.
China’s shareholdings have further clarified the position of China’s power as a listed company in the China Ships Group’s ship power business, and have consolidated the Chinese power’s leading position in the domestic ship’s diesel power business. Figure 1: China’s dynamic development history
Main battalion operations cover seven main power sources, including gas, steam power, chemical power, full power, diesel power, heat power, nuclear power equipment, etc. The main products of Chinese power are gas turbines, turbines, diesel engines, electric power and control equipment, batteries, heat gas machines, special equipment for nuclear power, ship mechanics, port machinery, marine platforms, gears.
The main applications, such as boxes, include: defence power equipment, land industry and auto consumption, ship and marine engineering, and new energy sectors such as photovoltaics and wind power. Diesel power is relatively high among the company’s seven main power sources and associated auxiliaries.
In the first half of 2023, the company produced 5.53 billion yuan in production and sales orders, the value of which was 88.1% higher than in the previous half of the year. The company’s diesel power business generated $8.82 billion, or 41.4%, and contributed 1.140 billion in Maori.
China is powered by holding companies, whose production operations are carried out mainly through subsidiaries. The China-China Heavy Industry Group, as a direct shareholder in the Department of Public Administration, shares 25.8% in direct holding companies, indirectly holding 7.2% through Chinese heavy labour, and the State Council ' s State capital.
China Ships Group is an indirect controlling shareholder in the company. The company operates through the Ministry of the Interior, with the China-China diesel engine and the Qi Yiu Heavy Industry mainly involved in diesel power-related operations; the sails company is mainly involved in chemical-powered phase 2 air transfer to the upstream and low-speed diesel engines are emerging.
In order to avoid the high cost of containerized shipments, charterers chose to rent bulk carriers to support dry bulk shipments. In February 2022, the war in the Russian Federation triggered a rapid shift in the flow of crude oil trade, leading to a sharp increase in the prices of the Avra and Suez tankers.
With the revival of the shipping market, the shipowners’ business has improved considerably, owing to the need to upgrade old, non-environmental ships.
In 21 years, a large number of container ship orders have broken out. In 22 years, container ships have signed new orders, but they are still at historically high levels, while eng orders have increased. In late 23, bulk ship orders began to increase.
Figure 7: Global new ship orders (one) The global shipping industry chain begins with the supply of upstream raw materials and is manufactured by mid-navigates and extended to downstream shipping companies.
Over the past 20 years, shipping silos have led to the outbreak of new orders from the mid-ship shipyards, which are also expected to lead to upstream ship-backed enterprises. With the implementation of the International Maritime Organization (IMO) greenhouse gas abatement strategy for ships in the second half of 2023, and the expansion of the EU carbon trading system to maritime transport, the global ship-building market will accelerate the transformation of green ships, especially with methanol.
Fuels, such as double fuel, represent a growing demand for green power, and provide an opportunity for high-quality development in the relevant ship-package industry. Pre-spill high-priced ship orders are gradually passed on to power equipment, and the ship-backed industry is expected to function well as future cost pressures, such as raw materials, slow down.
Ship motors are engines that power ships and are at the core of the ship's industrial chain. They can be divided according to their different roles into active devices, auxiliary power units, and other auxiliary equipment.
As a core link in the ship’s industrial chain, we believe that ship launches are motivated to enjoy the full swing of the current shipbuilding cycle, and that the price is more elastic. Diesel engines can be divided into low-speed, medium-speed and high-speed machines by speed. Low-speed machines are used mainly for bulk ships, tankers, oil tankers, etc.
The world’s low-speed machines are being cut off by three major brands (man, wend, j-eng), of which, according to international ship network statistics, the two major low-speed aircraft brands of manes and wend occupy about 98% of the world’s low-speed market. Currently, manufacturers in the market are mostly licensed to produce, and the global low-speed diesel industry has a major stake in manufacturing.
In China, South Korea and Japan, the main ones are China, China, China, China, China Power, Modern Heavy Industries, Doosan Engines, Stx, Sani Shipbuilding, Allied Diesels, Yojima, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, etc. In 2022, the market share of low-speed mechanisms in Korea was 48.1%, 29.7% in China, 22.0% in Japan, and less than 1% in Europe and the United States of America.
Medium-speed diesel engines provide the main support for a wide range of naval ships, ocean ships, and power the power of diesel for land power stations. Since offshore ships are on schedule as national environmental regulations become more stringent, the power of old ships is renewed, and the market for new ships, such as ships that reach the sea and ships that sail offshore, is taken care of.
High-speed machines are used mainly for small ships such as tourist boats, fishing boats, high-speed boats, dredging boats, and high-speed machines used by ground vehicles. In recent years, companies such as firewood, firewood, and jade wood have expanded their land-use products to ships, with 250-1,000 kw high-speed machines.
In the military sphere, the company is in the middle and high-speed diesel fuel in the navy.
The company is an active research and production point unit for naval ships, with a large number of naval equipment manufacturing tasks. In the civil sector, the company’s main products are high, medium, low speed diesel engines and diesel generators.
In the area of domestic markets, the company has a full series of diesel-made, debugging, service-capable and certified 2-stroke ships of 330 to 980 mm diameter. In the area of medium- and high-speed diesel engines, the company ' s products are widely used for dry ships, marine engineering, service ships, engineering vessels, distant seas, etc.
Markets for fishing vessels, yachts and land power stations, coal-bed gas power generation, nuclear power, oil fields, special vehicles, engineering machinery, etc..3 The volume of diesel plates has risen and the Maori rate has improved
The price of low-speed engines has also increased and the Maori rate has risen. In 2022, the company completed its diesel-powered heavy-duty group and the business as a whole has grown steadily. In 2022, it achieved business income of $38.3 billion (new restructuring into the company’s consolidated statements, machine orders have increased significantly, and prices of related products have increased, with a revenue of $32.45 billion to q3 by 2023.
The company is expected to make a profit in the year, with net profits increasing by more than 50% over the same period the previous year. The company's four rates remain constant year after year. 1) As a central link in the ship's industrial chain, we believe that ship engines can fully benefit from the steady development of medium-high-speed diesel engine operations, with combined effects, we expect the company's diesel power (package) for 2023-2025.
In the field of wind and wind equipment, the company's large-scale, light-quantified, combined consideration of the high correlation between the diesel power of the company's main business and the shipbuilding industry, and the selection of three listed companies in the shipbuilding industry for valuation purposes, we believe that the company continues to build core competitiveness and to open new growth points, and that the profitability of the company is expected to increase further.
The risk of exchange rate fluctuations: a large foreign currency settlement for some of the company’s export operations, and a large exchange rate fluctuations, may cause fluctuations in performance.
The raw materials are metal silver, the main raw materials for equipment such as diesel engines are subject to changes in macroeconomics and supply and demand, and there are still some pressures on the cost of raw materials purchases. Orders are not as risky as expected: the company’s ship and sea support business is closely linked to the shipbuilding industry and the global shipping industry.
The severe fragmentation of the plate, which has still not fully recovered the volume of maritime trade throughout the year, has resulted in a significant slide in the volume of new domestic orders, and a drop in the number of new orders passed on to the company’s sea-side products. It has not been, nor will it be, directly or indirectly, compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.