Stewardship shares (600019.sh) - 3-quarter review in 2023, reduction of efficiency gains, three-quarter upgrades of performance, steel and steel.
In the first three quarters of 2023, industrial demand was weak, recovery, companies maintained a strategy of differentiation, industry opportunities were seized, performance was prominent, operating income was $255.384 billion, a decline of 8.53 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit was $8.35 billion, a decline.
The company maintains a differentiated strategy, with 2032 products sold globally in the previous three quarters. Full use is made of the technological advantages of the Treasure Steel Becorres, with deep participation in my 52-week top/lowest price.
The National Clean Energy Project, which successfully delivered the Guangdong Xinjiang wind farm project. The high-speed steel tracks were supplied to China’s first cross-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-high-iron, helping China to run the world with high-iron collars.
The price difference between the cold and 4.75 mm in Shanghai continues to grow. The difference between the price of the cold and the heat swings in Shanghai is $220/tons higher at the beginning of the year than in the second quarter of the year. The company takes full advantage of the opportunities in the industry and sells the chilled car plates on a monthly basis.
The company has a long-term interest in bid-seeking and cost-cutting, and continues to dive around efficiency, logistics, energy, procurement and control costs, with cost cuts of $4.89 billion achieved in the first three quarters, exceeding annual targets.
Financial costs as a percentage of total operating income were 0.26%, a significant decrease.
The company also hopes to make further progress by repurchaseing the shares of the steel stock (600019.sh) and mid-2022: accelerated growth of the core product, and the shares of the steel stock (600019.sh) and the 22nd - Quarterly Review: products.
Investment proposals: The company is a leader in long-term industrial development. We maintain the original performance projections, take the opportunity to warm demand back, and keep the domestic industry at the top. In the first three quarters of 2023, the demand of the industry recovered weakly, and the product structure was continuously optimized.
Quarterly sales of “1+1+n” products increased by 1.56 million tons, compared to the same year. In addition, the company achieved heat-resistant carving and marked the launch of eight products, including silicon steel b18hs070.
High-speed steel-track bulk supply is our first cross-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-for-sea-high-fork-fork-for-heavy, helping China to run a high-iron lead-run world. Taking advantage of the opportunities of the auto industry to return to the warmth.
The difference in cold heat prices has continued to widen. The difference between cold and 4.75 mm in Shanghai has been rising from $290 per ton at the lower point in the beginning of the year to $1,100 per ton in October; the average price difference of $788 per ton in the third quarter has increased by $220 per ton over the second quarter. The company has taken full advantage of the opportunities in the industry, and the single-month sale of chilled car plates has reached an all-time high.
Figure 6: Prices of steel in the Shanghai area ($/tons) Figure 5: Current monthly sales of cars (millions) Figure 7: Production of one-season sub-products (tonnes)
Figure 8: Average price of a single-season sub-product ($/t) Figure 9: Change in corporate Māori rate and net interest rate (%) Figure 10: Change in cost over company period (%)
The company has a long-term interest in bid-seeking and cost-cutting, and continues to dive around efficiency, logistics, energy, procurement, and control costs, with a cost reduction of $4.89 billion achieved in the previous three quarters, exceeding the annual target.
Management costs, R & D costs, financial costs as a share of total operating income are 0.51%, 1.17%, and 0.88%, respectively, to continue with the equity incentive scheme. Companies also hope to increase investor confidence through buybacks.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject