Energetic beverages, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria, euphoria.
One of the studies of the new food and beverage unit series is that our energy and beverage market will have more room for future demand. As the consumer population continues to grow, the consumer field, the main business of the Togashi Beverage Company is the development, production and production of beverages.
In 2019, I sold my products, mainly energy beverages, to Dong Peng. The size of the Principality’s energy beverages has increased to $42.775 billion, one of the fastest growing beverages.
The Division, as one of the pioneers of energy drinks, has been committed, but the size of our energy beverage market is still somewhat different from that of developed regions abroad, and our energy beverage is a driving force for energy beverage development, which has been successfully shaped over the years.
In comparison to the average per capita consumption in the United Kingdom, Japan and the United States of America, which is 10-20 per cent per capita, the country has created a brand known to consumers as "East Peng" , and there is still much room for future demand for energy beverages.
In 2009, the age of energy beverage bottled was created. The brand idea of "Young is to wake up and spell" is deeply rooted, and the East Pate drink, looking at the development prospects of the new product, is expected to be a new engine for the company's development. Energy beverage producers are expected to need it.
The country's energy beverage market has been ranked second in the number 6. Having to obtain the Healthy Foods Approval Certificate, there are some barriers to entry into the production chain.
After a long period of research and development and market testing, the efficiency, taste, taste, and packaging of Dong Peng is recognized in the market. In addition to Dong Peng, the company has developed a wide range of products from lemon tea, Chen Pei, cool drinks, packaged drinking water, etc. The firm product base has formed the company.
Three major potentials for developing regional promotion of the nationalization of firms. At present, the company’s main market is in Guangdong. From the point of view of the distribution network, the company’s sales node is only about a quarter of the country’s total, and three-quarters of space is open.
The Division is also working on the promotion of nationalization. According to three quarterly reports, the market has grown by 72% over the year, the south-west by 62.14% over the year, the Chinese market by 43.28% over the same year, and the regions of East, South-West, Central and North have become potential areas for corporate development.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We look forward to the future growth of the energy-beverage track, and the industry itself, with its high barriers, is expected to benefit from the growth of the industry as a leader. Looking at the company’s efforts to expand its product base and channels, it is judged that the company’s performance is capable of sustaining rapid growth.
The corresponding valuation was 40.7 times higher, covering for the first time a rating with a “strongly recommended” rating.
East Peng beverages (605499): Nationalization is steady and energy beverages are on the rise, and the golden track of the beverages is fast growing 1.1 energy beverages.
Energy beverages are defined by the International Society for Sport and Nutrition as a mixture of various nutrients (caffeine, sulfonic acid, amino acid, guarana, glucose esters, frenzied acids, hemolyols, phenols, silver almond extracts, etc.) in addition to water, carbohydrates (e.g. glucose, sugar, sprouts, etc.), vitamins, minerals, etc. In the United States, energy beverages are a mixture of various nutrients (e.g. caffeine, sulfonic acid, amino acid, Guarana, glucose esters, sugar, flue, aluminum, etc.
In recent years, with the steady growth of the national economy, rising consumption levels among the population, and rising consumption structures, the beverage industry has shown good growth. According to data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the country includes packaged drinking water, carbonated drinks, concentrated drinks, juice, and so on.
The sales of coffee, i.e. tea beverages, energy beverages, sports beverages and Asian beverages increased from 465,216 million yuan in 2014 to 60,317 million yuan in 2020, with a compound growth rate of 4.42 per cent.The Chinese beverage market has been dominated by packaged drinking water, i.e. tea beverages and carbonate beverages, and in 2019 three persons accounted for the sale of Chinese beverages.
The shares are 34.55%, 21.12%, and 14.93% respectively. After years of development, juice and energy beverages have also become important components of the beverage industry, accounting for 15.60% and 7.92% of Chinese beverage sales in 2019.
Billion. Sales of energy beverages for off-site consumption increased at a compound rate of 15.02%. from 2014 to 2019, the most rapid breakdown in beverages. Figure 3: Combined increase in beverage markets, 2014-2019. Figure 4: Growth trends in China ' s energy beverage market (in billions of yuan)
Our per capita consumption of energy beverages is still significantly lower and there is much room for growth. In 2017, the average per capita consumption of four functional beverages in mainland China was 2.2 litres, with a consumption of $6.2 and less than 50 per cent in Hong Kong, China, and a larger difference of about 10-20 per cent between the United Kingdom, Japan and the United States.
Future increases in domestic per capita consumption will be an important contribution to the growth of the energy beverages industry. On the other hand, there is still much room for energy beverages in the future, benefiting from the promotion and guidance of energy beverage flagships, consumer awareness, growing consumption scenes, and a growing consumer population.
In terms of job classification, the main energy-drinking forces have gradually expanded from long-serving drivers, blue-collar workers, couriers, health-care workers, etc. to more consumer groups, such as white collars, students, etc.
Consumer scenes have also grown. Consumption scenes have expanded from “weary” scenes such as overtime, late nights, post-motion, to more leisure consumer scenes such as parties, travels, daily health care, etc. Some energy beverage brands have started to sponsor games competitions, music festivals, etc., and new consumption scenes have been developed, more in line with the trend towards youthful consumption.
The continued expansion of the consumer population, the diversification of the consumption landscape, and the growing brand richness are important drivers of China’s growing levels of energy and beverage consumption. According to the East Penang Beverage Exchange Note, the combined growth in the scale of energy and beverage sales is projected to be 4.50% between 2019 and 2024.
In 2025, the country's total and per capita sales of energy beverages are expected to reach 65,485 million yuan, 46.3 yuan, an increase of 46.24 per cent over 2020, and 1.2 energy beverages, with a pattern of energy beverages of “one plus three” energy beverages, with a certain threshold of entry, which, because of their specific health functions, requires a health-care food approval certificate, while the State has an interest in health-care products.
Health-care foods are increasingly regulated, and therefore access to technology development and production qualifications is high in the breakdown of functional beverages. But this is due to the high potential of the energy beverage market, which is more attractive to potential entrants.
The domestic energy and beverages industry currently has a “one-by-three” pattern, with seven brands in 2019 with a market occupancy rate of more than 2 per cent, according to data on sales below the line: Red Bull (Red Cow Vitamin Beverage Company Ltd.), East Pengte (East Peng Beverage), Body Energy (Henan Woe Industries Company Ltd.), Le Ho (Dali Food Group Ltd.), Battle Horse (Beijing Beverage Company Ltd.), xs (Anly Group)
And the Red Bull Anakie (Thai Tianxing Group). The Red Bulls and Dong Pengte have ranked first and second, respectively, with a market share of 52.1%, 15.4%, while the top four brands have a market share of 82.7%, and the current pattern of competition shows a more than three-fold pattern.
The concentration of the beverage market has declined, with cr3 falling by 9% andcr5 by 2.2%, but the overall concentration of the market has remained relatively high. The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom has barely increased in recent years, with the size of the red cow in China remaining between $22 billion and 24 billion, and the vast majority of the growth of the industry in Dong Peng, Dong Peng, Dong Peng.
The city’s share rose rapidly from 5.3 per cent in 2015 to 15.4 per cent in 2020, contributing 30 per cent of the increase in the size of the energy beverage industry as a whole in 2019. According to the development path of the foreign beverage industry, it is expected that the future pattern of our energy beverage “one super three” will continue and market concentration will increase further.
2.1 The leader of the energy beverages -- the East Peng Beverage, the main business of the East Ping Beverage Company is the development, production and sale of the beverage, the main product being the energy drink, the East Pender. As one of the pioneers of the energy beverages, the company has been working to promote the energy beverage development and, after many years of effort, has succeeded in shaping the brand known to a wide range of consumers.
To drink, which opened the energy bottle era in 2009, the branding of “Young to wake up” is deeply popular. Dong Peng is ranked second in the country’s energy beverage market, and has become the national brand with the largest sales in the domestic energy beverage market. Given the company’s historical development, the company has gone through a state-owned reform phase, a start-up phase, and a fast-paced development phase, and is now entering a nationalization phase.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom 2.2 provides a strong incentive for the development of escort, the doppelganger actually controls woodwork, directly owns 55.27 per cent of the company's shares, and Lin has been engaged in grass-roots production, technology, procurement and marketing.
In 2017, companies introduced equity incentives to create a more complete incentive system by investing 1.16% of the total and holding shares in employee holding platforms. Through the introduction of dealers’ holdings in 2011 and the introduction of Junzheng investment as a war investment in 2017, companies and others have been able to share in the business.
2.3 Large monolithics have expanded to multi-type products, and after many years of development, East Peng beverages have begun to form a product mix of various products, such as East Peng, lemon tea, Chen Pitt, and packaged drinking water.
Its Middle East pontoon is a core single item, the main components of which are sulfuric acid, lysine and multi-b vitamins, with the effect of fighting fatigue, alleviating poverty, promoting energy metabolism and refilling the body.
Type, which caters to different groups and consumption scenarios, contributes to a rapid and sustained increase in the income from East Pontoe. From 2017 to 2020, the income from East Pontoe increased from $2.735 billion to $4.66 billion, and the income ratio remained above 95 per cent.
After a long period of research and development and market testing, the efficiency, taste, taste, and packaging of the doppelganger drink was recognized in the market. In addition to the doppelganger drink, the company developed a series of products from lemon tea, Chen Pitt, cool drinks, packaged drinking water, etc. The firm product base formed the firm core competitiveness of the company. In 2021, the company developed a zero sugar special drink to foster the middle- and high-end population: by looking at women’s demand for energy beverages.
It's got 30% juice, and it's got fish pelicans, and it's got "she can" energy beverages that don't add sugar. Looking at the development prospects of new products, it's promising to be a new engine for corporate development.
The company has developed from the Guangdong market and, after years of tireless efforts, it has established numerous networks, wide coverage and high penetration sales.
By the end of June 2021, the Department’s products had covered more than 1.79 million effective end-points. With a well-developed distribution network and a well-developed marketing management system, sales by companies continued to grow in scale and market ownership steadily during the reporting period.
Figure 11: Number of corporate distributors, according to the distribution point, the distribution point terminal is only about one quarter of the country ' s total, with three-quarters of space open; therefore listing is only the starting point, not the end point, and the nationalization journey is just beginning.
From a regional perspective, Guangdong has not reached the market ceiling: on the one hand, the regional markets in Guangdong Province have been uneven, and the sales of beads have contributed more to the sale than the Kanxi and Kanbei regions; on the other hand, in 2022, Guangdong set up a catering complex, which, in addition to the promotion of the East Ponto drinking, has also resulted in non-energy beverages such as lemon tea, Peter Chen, water, etc.; and, on the other hand, Guangdong is increasing the penetration and access of its products.
Downward progress, with a tiered focus on improving channel coverage and coverage quality. According to three quarterly reports, the market grew 72% over the year, the south-west by 62.14% over the same year, and the Chinese market by the same year.
The marketing system, and a well-developed marketing network management system, has been developed to protect and protect the nation.
The company attaches great importance to the expansion and management of the distribution network: (1) in the middle core markets of Guangdong, Guangxi, Huadong and Hwa, the business model is mainly based on good company farming, with experienced sales teams, all-round services downstream channels and retail terminals, together with distributors, postman/manufacturers and end-doors, to market maintenance and development and upgrading of product shops
(ii) In other regions, where market rates, improved recognition and precision of product displays, increased brand influence, improved channel penetration, enhanced corporate control over distribution networks and, consequently, increased market ownership of products;
To be responsible for terminal maintenance and enforcement, companies support distributors with advertising, marketing training and guidance.
2.5 "New Retail" practitioners are explorers and practitioners of "New Retail" companies that use Internet-based technologies such as big data, two-dimensional codes to upgrade their product production, marketing and channel management, bringing together companies, distributors, postman/distributors, end shops, consumer multiple data information interactions.
This allows precision management and precision marketing based on “big data”. (1) Innovative use of two-dimensional technology. Innovative use of two-dimensional technology by companies. Innovative use of two-dimensional technology.
The process is designed to accurately record the flow of goods by scanning codes, to manage them, and to effectively prevent tradable markets. At the same time, the terminal, the consumer, participates in the activities organized by the company by scanning two-dimensional codes to achieve direct interaction between the company and the terminal and the consumer.
The company constructs a platform for the "Photo Clouds" that integrates offline operator management, channel inventory monitoring, and terminal sales point services to form an information aggregation and interactive platform. Through the Photo Clouds platform, the company plans a route for visits by operators, records and evaluates visit times, locations, and the effects of commodity displays, keeps regular records of dealers' inventories, transmits replenishment information from distribution points, and makes the complex commodity flow system transparent.
(iii) Use of big data analysis techniques to support decision-making Companies use big data technologies to conduct a comprehensive analysis of channel inventory data, sales point data and consumer data based on a rational division of resources between procurement, personnel, production and supply chains, develop targeted marketing strategies, improve resource efficiency and improve the quality of decision-making
Over the years, companies have built a better “new retail” system by using advanced technologies, including a platform for the nectar cloud traders and an on-line operator’s visits, making the management chain more complete, the content of management more sophisticated, and marketing more precise and more sophisticated.
So far, the company has about 1.2 million registered users of its end-marketing network, and has accumulated hundreds of millions of consumer activity data, laying a solid foundation for the company’s long-term development. We look to the future growth space of the energy beverage track, and we judge that the future energy beverage market still has a basis for sustained rapid growth, thanks to industry progress.
High barriers to entry are expected to benefit from industry growth as industry leaders. Looking at companies’ efforts to expand their product base and channels, firms are judged to be capable of sustaining rapid growth.
There are large macroeconomic fluctuations, the impact of the epidemic on consumption, major flaws in the company’s operations, and so on. The source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East, the source of the financial boom in the East.
The source of the wealth and wisdom of the East, Menssoe, King Kiting.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related.
Dong Peng beverages (605499): Nationalization is steady, energy beverages are on the move, and there is no guarantee that the information and advice contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.