The first share of Chinese functional beverages goes from deep-dry south to the whole country.
The country's first beverage companies, which in 2003 completed the transformation of state enterprises through employee fund-raising, gejun@wkzq.com.cn, entered the development fast track, successfully cut in and focused on the energy beverage track in 2009, in which the company was able to make a difference.
As of 2021q3, the distribution network covered 1.79 million end-doors throughout the country and reached close to 5 billion yuan in 2020, with a steady presence in China's energy beverages city : liuyifan@wkzq.com.cn
Energetic beverages: Different from oral soft drinks represented by juice, energy beverages as a function of a beverage, both functional and somewhat addictive, and therefore recognized as functional by consumers.
In space, in the context of the overall slowdown of soft drinks, the energy beverages have risen, and according to Ewi International, China ' s combined annual volume of beverages increased by 21.9% from 2010 to 2020, ranking first in all soft beverage lanes and retailing in 2020.
For the mature overseas market, we believe that China’s energy beverage market is still wide and is expected to double over the next five years. On the competitive side, looking up, the energy beverage is subject to a trademark dispute, and the city’s share continues to decline from 80% to around 55%.
As we look down, despite the unique features of catchers, institutional powers, and battle horses, East Peng is better integrated and is expected to reap the double dividends of industry expansion and market share enhancement. Disparity works well, and the national layer is moving forward.
In front of the front, the launch of the 500ml specifications filled the gap in China’s large-volume energy drink, with an advantage and a very high value for money compared to the competition, with a rapid increase in the penetration rate of the company’s products, driven by the 500ml gold bottle. At the brand end, the company has fully launched its brand rejuvenation strategy since 2016, adopting one.
A series of youth-friendly marketing techniques that accurately talk to young people has gained a very high degree of recognition among young people, and brand awareness has increased considerably.
The Division, through the introduction of talent and digital marketing skills, has now begun to streamline the thinking and mechanisms for the expansion of nationalized markets, with nearly 75% of companies at the national level still to be developed, with great potential. With a proactive early expansion of productive capacity, profitability is expected to increase.
Line capacity is about 1.8 million tonnes/year, of which the large single product 500ml gold bottle capacity is nearly 90%, and the capacity ceiling is approaching. With 1.4 billion marketed funds being raised to boost capacity, it is expected to be 1.1 million tonnes/year after delivery, which will provide the basis for national consolidation.
For the first time, the company was given a "buy-in" rating. The company, as a champion of energy beverages, was expected to continue to benefit from the dividends of the energy beverage industry's high profile on the one hand, and, on the other hand, in the broader context of the red cow trademarks, which were difficult to reach in the short term, the company was expected to rely on high-value products, innovative marketing agents.
With the steady progress of nationalization towards optimal development of the red cow trademark, China ' s red cow continues to hold trademark rights, resulting in increased competition in the market, unanticipated expansion of corporate nationalization, slower end sales, changing people ' s habits leading to consumption of energy beverages, less frequent consumption, slower growth in the industry, and short-term pressure on the Maori rate due to fluctuations in the cost of raw materials