For the first time, Dong Peng's beverages were covered by a very small head, and, at the beginning, "Peng" was covered by the first report.
Energy beverages: a high-quality track in soft beverage, with a very small number of taps and a rise in the need for energy beverage properties and mild addictions that create high consumer stickyness, a share in the circulation of the energy beverage market in the country (million shares):
After many years of nurturing, the field is still growing rapidly. According to Eucian data, a total share capital in mid-2021 (million shares): the annual market size will be 71.3 billion yuan. For a long time, the Chinese red cow has been the market for domestic energy beverages.
The long-standing trademark dispute, which began in 2016, damaged the brand, with a rapid decline in the city’s share from over 75% to 52.2% in 2021, which also created a period of strategic opportunity for the rise of indigenous brands. The high pricing strategy and the high price sensitivity of the mainstream population began with the arrival of Red Bulls in China.
In recent years, a native brand, represented by East Peng, has continued to encroach on the market share of red cows, and strong growth has continued. Dong Ping Bing beverages: Strategic sense of smell, with a high price for a broken energy drink track.
In 2009, Mr. Woodley, former head of the Red Cow factory, was keenly seized by the energy beverage industry, hitting the mainstream consumer pain point through the extreme value of sex (50% of the price of the beverage in East Ponto unit, but with essentially the same fraction) and the packaging of the innovative product, in the heavy town of energy beverages.
In 2021, the East Peng Beverage Camp received $6.98 billion, resulting in a net return to the mother, $1.19 billion, close to 40% capr in five years, with only a second share in the domestic energy drink market.
In addition to high growth, Dong Peng maintains a high-profit annual strategy for the food and beverage industry, driven by, inter alia, excellence, which has remained above 35% in recent years, significantly superior to his peers.
With the continuation of good product power and brand power, the strategic opportunity period has been scaled up to speed up nationalization, and the red cow trademark dispute is now re-emerging. For competitors, the strategic opportunity period will continue for a long time.
Strong: On the product side, in addition to continuing to promote high-priced monolithic products, companies continue to enrich the product matrix, with a strong focus on dominoes plus negatives, no sugar special drinking series, closely following the trend of rejuvenation and healthyness. On the channel side, in addition to expanding the number of channels, they have advanced management through the introduction of excellent marketing teams.
In marketing, using the financial advantages of listed companies, it maintains high-intensity branding, while constantly promoting brand innovations, creating a rejuvenation brand, and billions of dollars to support the expansion of productive capacity. The company is already operating in Guangdong, Guangxi, Chongqing, Anhui, etc.
The process of nationalization has not been as anticipated, the process of expanding capacity has not been as anticipated, and competition in the market has intensified.
1.1 Consumption scene rigidity + mild addiction, energy beverages moving into high-growth periods Energy beverages with ready demand properties and mild addictions. Consumers are highly sticky. Energy beverage consists of caffeine, sulfonic acid and water soluble vitamins, with the effect of uplifting and uplifting motor performance.
In 2021, among the reasons why Chinese consumers drink energy beverages, according to the AIDS advisory data, rapid stimulation and resistance to fatigue account for 69.4%, supplementary energy for 61.4%, and secondary micronutrients and water supplements for 61.4%, respectively.
The consumption of 44.4 per cent, 40.2 per cent, 19.2 per cent are used to stimulate motor potential. Thus, the consumption of energy beverages in the country is clear and demand-driven. Moreover, the coffee content of energy beverages is significantly higher than that of tea, while the sugar content is similar to that of coke.
Figure 3: The thermal model of the soft beverage industry has been cultivated for many years, and the energy beverage market has entered a rapid penetration period.
The market for soft drinks has reached 48.683 billion yuan, with a compound growth rate of 8.62% in the last five years, and is expected to reach about 775.3 billion yuan by 2025. In the soft drinks section, the tasted beverages are more mature, but competition is stronger and overall growth is slower. By contrast, the market for energy beverages is starting late.
After entering the Chinese market in 1995, the Red Bull invested a great deal of money and energy in consumer nurturing and gradually entering the harvest period. According to Ewe, the market for energy beverages was 51,314 million yuan in 2021, and the cagr was 23.04% between 2007 and 2021.
1.2 Industry patterns: the vanity of the head, the deep binding of the Thai red cow into the heavy-power group, and the creation of a popular energy beverage market Energy beverages, dating back to 1962, when Japan's "Lipovitan-d" drug was introduced, were adopted
But, in terms of product location, early health care is closer to drugs than to drinks. In 1965, RH began to enter the Thai market, which, although for a long time, was regulated as a drug, without prejudice to the market prospects that smart traders see in it.
In 1975, the founder of Tianxy Pharmaceuticals in Thailand created the Red Cow brand, and in 1979 it launched a functional beverages brand called Kratingdaeng, with formulations similar to health care, but at the same time it joined the caffeine to raise awareness and improve its mouth, and the Thai Red Cows, when they were created, positioned the vast labour market in addition to the product's lift and strength supplementation function.
The prices are also relatively pro-people (10 baht/150ml, which consumes about 5,000 to 10,000 baht/month and can afford to buy 1 to 2 bottles per day). In 1976-1995, the Red Bull entered the Thai market at a rapid rate of 10 to 15 per cent since 1984.
In 1994, the market share of Red Bulls reached 53%. Then, the Thai Red Bulls opened up their strategy and went to the international market, selling more than $4 billion globally in 2007 and more than $4 billion in cans. Figure 7: Thailand’s market competition for energy beverages 1999-2001
Figure 8: Thailand ' s Red Bull development history 1.2.2 Red Bulls raised and nurtured the Chinese market, once a noun for domestic energy beverages (1) 1995-1998: Red Bulls raised and beat to create consumer awareness and energy beverages were in the domestic market
In 1995, Chinese comptoir introduced the Red Bull to China, and in 1996 spent 100 million dollars on a “Red Bull comes to China” for the first time in a high-profile spring night ad, opening the way for consumers in the domestic energy and drink market. However, because of the high determination of the Red Bull Vitamin.
Prices (1996-1999: $7/250ml, after which they were reduced by $6/250ml, whereas Pepsi-Cola and Coca-Cola were sold at the same price of $2-3) were out of step with the level of domestic consumption at the other time, and the red cow was trapped in the domestic market for many years (2) 1999-2007: fixed-asset investment continued to be high and the body worker base and labour intensity increased.
The demand for energy beverages has erupted, and the red cow vitamin beverages are in harvest. Starting in 2003, capital and real estate investments in fixed assets have increased significantly, and a large labour force has shifted to the secondary sector, stimulating demand for energy drinkers. As of 2007, the energy beverages market had reached 2,814 million yuan in size, and the 1999-2007 caagr
As much as 42%. Although the rapid expansion of the market during this period has attracted a number of domestic firms, due to the fact that the city's absolute size is still small and the consumer population is relatively small, most of the participants are small-scale, non-independent brands of red bulls, and it is a well-deserved energy beverage that maintains a market of more than 90% of red cow vitamin beverages.
(3) 2008 - 2015: The level of domestic consumption has risen significantly, the Beijing Olympic Games have catalysed national sports enthusiasm, energy beverages have infiltrated the general public, reaching 32% of the cagr. As national income continues to grow and the Beijing Olympics have led to an increase in national sports enthusiasm, energy beverages have begun to spread faster to the general public, and the market has grown from the size of the market.
Three billion to twenty-six.3 billion yuan, with cagr still at 32%. Although the absolute head of energy beverages in the country during this period is still red cow vitamins (the city’s share remains above 75%), the size of its market of more than ten billion people and the continuing years of hypervelocity growth have led to long-term hobbies, including local competitors such as East Peng.
It also includes the red cow of Thailand, who is the nostalgia of the energy beverage. The red cow vitamin beverages, while enjoying the dividends of the industry, are on the horizon. Figure 11: The red cow development process (millions of dollars)
In 2016, the Red Cow brand broke its image in the domestic market. With red cattle in Thai markets, a tender was issued in 1993 to set up the Hainan Red Cow Beverage Company (“Hai South Red Cow”) in Hainan, with the intention of the Chinese market. But China’s consumer income level, consumer psychology, and foreign investors are at stake.
In 1995, China-Hananan Red Bulls signed a 95-year joint venture contract with China-Hong Group, Food General, Red Bull Thailand Division, Tianxing Medicine, establishing a joint venture company (Red-Cow Vitamin Beverages), which was authorized to manage the joint venture’s operations in China. In 2016, Tianxin Medicine announced a trademark licence contract.
However, Chinese red bulls continue to produce red cow products. Since then, a series of lawsuits have been initiated against the trademarks. In 2021, the Supreme People’s Court handed down a second judgement in which it found that the trademarks belonged to Tianxi, Thailand, but the decision as to whether the trademarks’ authority was 20 or 50 years remains unclear. In March 2022, the Chinese Red Bulls announced that
For the original 50-year agreement (which explicitly states that only Chinese red bulls will be able to produce and sell red cow beverages exclusively within 50 years of the beginning of 1995), the dispute over red cow brands has been further altered. The protracted trademark dispute has caused serious damage to the "red cow" brand in the domestic market, and the Chinese red cow, who stopped using heavy gold, has not been able to keep enough brands on display.
The potential uncertainty and potential legal risks of the channel negotiations have been undermined, and the existence of three packages of red cow products with a highly consistent name in the domestic market has created confusion among consumers. Until 2016, red bulls held more than 75% of the domestic energy and beverage market, compared to 2020, just five years later.
Chinese red bulls have fallen to 53% of the city, and their strong growth in the country has stalled. Figure 12, “Red cow” trademark competition, Figure 13: Competition patterns in China's energy beverages market in 2020 (in terms of sales)
At the beginning of the Red Bull’s entry into the Chinese market, it used high-pricing tactics to maintain brandy and to compensate for the large amount of marketing inputs needed to nurture the market. Although the Red Bull was successful in the country, most of its consumers were price-sensitive consumers, according to cnrs, and consumption.
In recent years, local brand names have been used as a symbol for the continued erosion of the Tonto Water/Dalily Tigers/Middle-War/Mart, among other things.
Market share of the red cow, which in 2020 was 12.10%/10.10%/6.20%/4.20% respectively. 1.3 Industry space: generalization trends continue to drive up the consumer base, with relative per capita consumption.
1.3.1 Diversified consumption patterns of energy beverages, which contribute to increasing consumer base The large number of blue-collar workers and the high intensity of their work support the basic energy-drink consumption plate. Today, 400 million Chinese blue-collar workers are in the manufacturing, construction and service sectors, and the number of blue-collar workers in China is growing.
Slow, but growing intensity still supports demand for energy drinks. Long-distance driving: 37.3% of truck drivers work for 12 hours or more per day, according to the 2021 Survey of the Practice of Truck Drivers: 27.6% and 17.5%, respectively, of 10 hours and 8 hours, as can be seen from the general labour force.
The number of couriers and their average hours of work have increased with the boom in electric power suppliers. In 2021, the number of couriers and their average hours of work broke out for the first time in 100 billion cases, with a combined growth rate of 28 per cent between 2016 and 2021.
In 2018, the number of Chinese couriers increased by 50 per cent, reaching a total of 3 million. Moreover, 46.85 per cent of the country ' s couriers work 8-10 hours a day, 33.69 per cent work 10-12 hours a day, and nearly 20 per cent work more than 12 hours, with a higher proportion of latecomers working more than 10 hours a day.
According to the United States Mission ' s 2020 financial report and the Blue Knights ' Study of 2020, there are more than 12 million porters in the two main platforms and, in the context of the epidemic, delivery and distribution are expected to expand further.
As consumer education continues, energy beverages not only extend from traditional blue-collar workers to white-collar groups that often have to spend the night working.
The consumer base continues to expand. Overtime stays late: according to the report of the survey on the current situation of overtime in 2019 jobs, based on the boss's direct hiring of the joint microblogging workplace, only 10% of those working are largely free of overtime and 24.7% of those working daily.
The higher the proportion of overtime in the younger groups, the higher the proportion of the post-95 new workers who work every week, the higher the percentage of overtime. And, in terms of the length of overtime, “after 90” workers work more than 90 per cent of overtime in 1-3 hours and, second, more than 3 hours of overtime in 5.83 per cent.
In addition, as national health awareness increases, the country’s physical fitness landscape continues to grow, and according to the White Paper on the Sports Industry 2018-2019, the total number of gymnasiums in the country reached 2018-2019.
97746, with approximately 435 million people regularly participating in physical exercise in 2020. The electric market: according to the electricity company Newzoo, 36% of players in the Chinese market drink functional drinks while playing games. Energy drinkers sponsor activities such as electric competitions, music festivals, etc., which are more consistent with the consumption scenes of young people of the new age.
Figure 21: Survey of the current situation of workplace overtime, Figure 23: Comparison of U.S. and U.S. fitness population penetration (%) Figure 24: New scene of energy beverages consumption
1.3.2 On the standard market, domestic per capita energy beverage consumption has a large potential to increase. According to Ew, per capita energy beverage consumption was 8.9, 3.9 and 4.5l in 2021 in the United States of America, Japan and Thailand, respectively, while per capita consumption was 1.8l in China.
Consumption is 8.3, 4.2 and 1.9 times higher than in the Chinese market. Thus, there is much room for growth in energy drinking than in the mature market. According to Eui-We, the sales/sales of Chinese energy beverages in 2021 reached 2,579 million litres and 51.3 billion yuan, and sales/cagr are projected to reach 2021-2026.
Figure 25: Development of the energy beverage market in Asia and the Pacific (US$ billion) Figure 26: Development of the energy beverage market in China and the United States (US$ billion) Figure 28: Per capita consumption of energy beverages in countries (US$)
Figure 27: Per capita consumption of energy beverages per country (litres) Figure 29: Size and forecast of China ' s energy beverage market 2. Dopium beverages: strategic sense of smell, high value for broken energy beverage competition
In 1994, it started as a brand-new beverage business in Shenzhen. In 2003, the then General Manager of Sales took over from East.
In 2010, the value of the production was 250 million yuan, compared to 15 million yuan in 2003, releasing the company’s business dynamism after privatization. The core management team has a rich experience in the soft drinks industry, and the benefits of the team are deeply tied through equity incentives.
No loss of core management members. 2.2 Strategic sense of smell, solid energy-drinking heels at a very high value.
In 2009, the domestic energy beverage industry, although at a high rate of growth, was still small relative to the soft beverage industry in general, and the exclusive position of the red cow seems to be hard to shake, so the indigenous energy beverage brands are mostly red cow fort.
The plant’s director, Mr. Woodley, was keenly seized by the energy-drinking windows, under the slogan “The same quality, retail price is only half that of others.” Although Red Bulls have many years of pre-emptive advantage in product development, branding, and channel layout, they have energy.
The main group of drinkers, the large number of manual workers, are price-sensitive, and Dong Peng, by selling 250 ml bottles of gold at a price of only $2.5, has hit consumers in pain and has achieved great success. On the channel, Dong Peng's beverages have avoided the Red Bull's “large camp” in the north and some of the priority cities, choosing the Guangdong province as the main base and location.
In 2013, the energy beverages market grew by 36% in the same year, while the East Pinocchio market, with a 100% annual growth rate, hit the South China top, leading the country’s sales. Since 2018, Dong Peng has been promoting 500 ml gold bottles, with new packagings that reduce costs by using pet as a material.
The high value of the product is higher than the price of the sale, and consumer demand is better served by a variety of detailed innovations. 500 ml gold botts fast-wired 250 ml gold bott products become corporate blasts, sales revenue from 2017-2021 is 2.3 based on distribution, with a combination of large flow operations.
By the end of 2021, the company had formed a production base in the major regions of the country, with 2,312 distributors and a distribution network covering more than 2 million of the country’s final years.
At the end of the cycle, sales revenue from distribution channels exceeded 85 per cent in 2017-2021, a rapid increase over the same period. In addition, companies are selling online, establishing partnerships with mainstream sales platforms such as Skycat and Kyundong, with sales on the 2021 line increasing by 88.42 per cent over the same period, doubling the growth rate over the main business income.
At the time of the nationalization strategy, precision farming is combined with large-scale operations. The company, for different regions of the country, uses two modes of channeling and operation, namely precision farming and large-scale circulation.
Large circulation patterns: companies adopt large-scale mobile operating models in potential markets such as north-west, south-west, north. Companies start by opening up their own business groups, creating brand images through gas stations, supermarkets, chains, etc.
Strong resource distributors work closely together to start laying goods in a large-flow mode, during which companies will also support advertising costs in the region, such as bus stations, local radio stations, t-cards, etc. As regional penetration increases, it will gradually shift to precision farming patterns.
2.4 Financial perspective: Strong operating capacity contributes to the growth of roe, improved profitability drives the rise of roe, 2.4.1 profitability: 500 ml gold bottle release, sustained performance performance leads to rapid growth in corporate overall sales revenue.
The company’s Māori sales rate has stabilized at over 45%. From the cost structure of the company’s products in 2020, the share of white sugar and bottle embryos was relatively high, at a total of 43%, and the company’s purchase costs were reduced by lock prices, etc., while the price of raw materials remained stable.
The increase in the Māori rate of the company’s big single 500ml bottle is a decline in market prices for raw materials, and the decline in the Māori rate of 250 ml and 250 ml cans is a reduction in the prices of the company’s plants and single prices. In addition, the Māori rate of non-energy beverages and packaged drinking water improved to some extent between 2017 and 2020.
The advantages of scale have been magnified, and the Māori rate is higher than the industry average. In pursuing low-price strategies to position the public market, companies maintain excellent profitability through strict cost controls, and have an excellent scale effect.
In 2021, the Māori rate was close to 45%, well above the industry average, and excellent profitability was able to win space for business to follow the path of deep-ploughing and branding. 2.4.2 brands are fast-paced and long-term, with high marketing input and net corporate interest rates slightly lower than their counterparts.
Net interest rate level: steadily rising, with higher marketing inputs slightly below industry average. Net interest rates for sales by companies have grown from a period of rapid expansion in the energy beverages industry, and companies have greater demand for and input into branding and marketing, thus causing net interest rates to be held up by sales spending, which is slightly lower than industry averages, compared to large firms like the Farmers Springs, Darley and others.
The industry is in maturity, with economies of scale, where income can be better than amortized spending on sales costs, and its product lines are more complete and stable, with relatively high net interest rates. As high sales costs are the main reason for the fact that net corporate interest rates are not yet comparable, the following is mainly from corporate sales costs.
An expository analysis of the three dimensions of composition, horizontal comparison, and vertical comparison results in greater room for optimization of the company’s sales cost rates, the efficiency of spending. This is a rapid increase in revenue and a reclassification of transport costs to operating costs.
The ad hoc roll-out of 120 million yuan in expenditure, with sales costs increasing by 58 per cent over the same period, shows that sales costs are slightly higher than industry averages, but the gap is gradually narrowing. In terms of the composition of sales costs, there is a trend towards a reduction in the remuneration of employees from year to year, with advertising fees as a percentage of the future.
In 2018, the amount spent on advertising increased by 140 million yuan compared to 2017.
During the Russian World Cup, the company invested about 150 million yuan in cooperation with central television, the Guangdong Sports Channel, today’s headlines, excellent media platforms, etc. in the field of live sponsorship, advertising, and content operations. In 2019, the company’s promotional fees fell in the form of saturated marketing strategies.
Increased outdoor advertising and the use of “ground advertising” to directly cover consumers with high density, raising corporate brand recognition while reducing the cost of company promotion. In 2020, corporate promotional spending decreased, with less impact on the new crown epidemic, and corporate investment in television and radio advertising decreased.
The cost of broadcasting and outdoor extension is on the market and increases the cost of sales. (2) Employees ' remuneration is higher than the average for the industry, and there is much room for income/profit per person after the product is released. Companies spend a higher share of their remuneration than their counterparts, reaching 45 per cent in 2021, while per capita remuneration amounts to $114.9 million, compared to $11.4 million in 2021.
The average per capita income/per capita income/per capita gains for company sales workers were RMB 1.28 million, RMB 220,000, an increase of 23 per cent and 30 per cent over the same period, respectively.
The company’s sales personnel are motivated by a remuneration system that is based on a base salary plus, with no ceiling. 3) Some markets remain open and require significant human resources investment, while the creation of a blank market takes two to three years, and products are not yet fully imported and released. Thus, the share of the company’s sales personnel’s remuneration expenditure is higher than the industry’s average, and there are more optimal increases.
Figure 47: There is still much room for corporate per capita income generation (millions of yuan per person) Figure 48: There is still much room for corporate per capita income generation (millions of yuan per person)
The company uses a “store-to-market” model of production, a “product-to-purchase” procurement model, which is much higher than the industry average. Regional operators take stock of dealers' inventories every month, and there are internal systems to record the freshness of the products that can be stored through channels.
The overall asset turnover rate was first in line at 2018-2021q3, far above the industry average, confirming that the company had a stronger sales capacity and a more efficient asset investment. 2.4.4 High operating capacity contributed to the growth of roe, with improved profitability driving the rise of roe
Strong operating capacity boosts the roe. With full capacity, the firm's fixed asset turnover is faster, and the future is expected to be delayed by the expansion of the company's nationalization, with a higher stock turnover rate, a higher overall asset turnover rate, and a higher growth rate of the company's capital stock as a result of the company's “market-based” production and “product-ordering” procurement model.
The company’s main business energy beverages are expected to increase as scale effects increase, with the expansion of new products ranging from lemon tea, the promotion and release of new energy beverages, and the company’s Māori ratio, which has some scope for upward mobility. There is some scope for lower advertising and transportation costs at the marketing cost level, and future profitability.
In the event of an increase in the rate of turnover, the equity multiplier has been slightly diluted as a result of public fund-raising, and there is still some overall excellence. 3. Continue the good product and brand power, and expand the strategic opportunity period to speed up nationalization.
3.1 The extreme value for money continues to encroach on the share of the red cow, the abundance of the product matrix follows the trend of consumption, the efficiency of the doppelganger is closely aligned with that of the red cow, the price is extremely favourable, and the value of the sex ratio is expected to continue to be significant. The continued expansion of the energy beverage industry attracts a large number of firms, but the doppelganger is extremely priced compared to a large number of competitors.
According to our statistics, a price of $1 per 100 ml is set, higher than physical energy in mainstream competitions, and the sulfonic acid per 100 ml is the same as caffeine with the Wabing Red Bull. According to Nelson zero studies, China’s four-line and suburban sports beverages grew by 11.7%, and functional beverages continued to warm up.
The specification matrix continues to be refined, and the 0-sugar series is strongly promoted in line with the trend towards rejuvenation. On the basis of the 250-ml gold bottle launched in 2009, the doppelganger launched 250-ml, 250-ml gold cans and 500-ml gold bottled zero terminal in 2017.
The sale price covered $2, 3, 4 and 5 dollars, and the packaging of different consumption scenarios was innovative. Moreover, in response to the trend towards annual lightening and increasing health in recent years, in June 2020 and April 2021, the company pushed out of the doppelganger and sugar-free drinking series, which will be one of its priorities in the future.
Figure 54: Introduction of new products in response to the “0 sugar” tide, good marketing
3.2.1 The Garbo team has been able to manage and re-energize the creation of the channel push, and the management of the channel continues to change. In 2018, the company hired Lu Yifu as head of the national marketing department, and in 2019, Wu Heung Hai as national extension director, both from the Gardobo core team, and the company borrowed it.
In 2018, the company changed the market out of the province, encouraging full participation in production and stimulating regional dynamism. On the one hand, the payroll system is based on a bottom-up-per-performance test.
The system introduces a system of filings; on the other hand, fully decentralized regional managers are required to participate as partners in the operation of the regional manager, the company gives a certain level of cost support, and the regional manager has the flexibility to allocate resources to meet the objectives set, depending on the market situation, and to promote the rapid expansion of the out-of-provincial market. 2019: Ministry of Crafts, to advance the nationalization strategy.
The marketing headquarters, the national marketing headquarters and the national direct headquarters, and the reprofiling of the national marketing headquarters, have defined the marketing management structures of Guangxi, China, China, China, China, China, China, China North, Southwest, and the North. 2020: perfecting the overall marketing system.
The company perfected the overall channel of “distributors-posters/ Wholesalesers-end shops” and created a fully organized marketing system, dominated by a distribution model that combines a wide range of sales models, whether direct or on-line. 2021: heavy incentives to create channel thrusts. Companies introduced a multi-fold incentive model that exceeded performance targets.
3.2.2 The rapid expansion of the number of channels and the simultaneous upgrading of their management capacity
(i) The range and depth of the channels are increasing; the mode of intensive cultivation of the channels is deeply covered and the mode of large circulation is accelerating. In the distribution area, the rate of harvests in the Central and Guangdong regions of the area where the cultivation took place from 2017 to 2021 is continuing to decline, with 46 per cent in 2021;
The number of distributors has expanded rapidly, with the number of distributors/posters/ Wholesales rising rapidly in all regions, and the number of distributors has reached the middle of the industry. Currently, the number of distributors has expanded rapidly, from 953 to 2,312 in 2017-2021, with the number of distributors growing rapidly in 2021, reaching 44.50% in 2020.
More than 30,000 wholesalers have increased to over 50,000, and the terminal has grown from less than 900,000 to about 1.2 million. In particular, companies have invested more in the layout of the country’s channels other than Guangdong, from 1,029 dealers to 1,376 at the end of 2019, and postman and wholesalers from over 20,000 to about 40,000.
Figure 57: Number of corporate distributors in terms of regional dimensions and more direct-line, south-west, north-west, mid-central and mid-central China.
Moreover, there is a small gap between the number of dealers in the ploughed areas and those in the large circulation areas, and there is a larger distribution of distributors in the north-west, south-west, and central China regions. The expansion of catering channels is expected to continue to contribute to income.
In 2021, the number of direct and on-line distributors expanded well, with 348 new distributors, and speeded up the layout of special and catering channels.
Distributors continued to improve their management, single distributors increased their income, and there was room for a breakthrough in the size of local distributors in the region. By the size of revenues of regional single distributors, single-cropping areas were sold in 2017-2021.
There is a certain increase in the size of businesses, and there is room for greater optimization in the size of single distributors in large circulation areas. The Guangdong region has a high-quality dealership, which reached $12.84 million in 2021, followed by the Guangxi region, which reached $6.98 million.
Construction is mainly at grocery stores, factories, supermarkets, etc. and is concentrated in sunk markets such as sub-districts, county towns, etc. The demand for functional beverages and the size of the regional market are uneven; 2) the number of fast-growing distributors is partly at the district level The market is changed to distributors, the market is small, and consumers are not sufficiently purchasing power.
The number of corporate distributors has reached the upper part of the industry, and the number of single distributors is larger. At the industry level, it is observed that the number of public distributors has reached the upper part of the industry, exceeding the number of domestic drinkers, e-Bays, perfume floats, etc., which have been operating for many years. National single beverages companies are still larger than the top companies, such as the Mt. Springs, the Dari Foods, etc.
In addition, the size of the company's single distributors, which amount to $3.01 million, is in the forefront among enterprises with comparable numbers of distributors, indicating that the company's distributors are generally of high quality and that the company manages the distributors better. (2) Channel management is steadily improving.
Professionals control the channels and build barriers to competition. In the farming model, companies are equipped with experienced professionals. Sales teams work with distributors, postman/manager and end-doors for market maintenance and development, and their operators directly enter into contracts with East Peng beverages, are fully prepared, are covered and provided with incentives and are paid at the base plus.
The company takes the lead in building a platform for the “Photo Clouds” that integrates offline operator management, channel inventory monitoring, terminal sales point services, etc.
Through the system, companies can keep track of inventories in circulation channels, product marketing and end-out effects, make rapid decisions and feed back to distribution services, make sophisticated commodity circulation systems more visible and control the channels better. As at 30 June 2020, companies had about 1.2 million end-out sales.
The sales point registered users, which has accumulated over 100 million consumer activity data, provides a solid foundation for the long-term development of the company, with 3.2.3 contour terminals with a potential for sustained optimization of the breadth of coverage of the site, a new marketing campaign with pre-optimal publicity and a gradual increase in consumer participation in the second quarter of 2019.
In the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2019, the company’s main business income increased by 36.02%, 65.94%, 56.67% on a year-on-year basis. In 2020, the company launched the end-door micro-red bag (scan-subsidized) on the basis of “one dollar” and added up two activities, and after the consumer’s winning, the end-door received an additional $2.58 in revenue from the end-door.
This stimulates the enthusiasm and motivation of the terminal shop, while fostering consumer habits. Given the 30% median rate, we expect about 80% of the consumer participation rate, and about 36% of the end shop's Māori rate. By contrast, the company gives the terminal a higher profit margin.
The campaign was quick to write off, and the dealer gave good feedback. The company used the innovative "two-dimensional plus-pointer" to solve the problem of "one more bottle" of write-off costs, the slow rollback cycle, and the consumer's winning end-to-end shop.
The immediate return of cash, with a short cycle, effectively avoids unnecessary waste in the cost of marketing activities. Figure 63: End display of the East Peng Spring site accelerates the penetration of the web site, with a wide range of channels still having a greater capacity to mark the industry/market.
The number of terminal points has reached 2.09 million, and the number of terminal points currently exceeds the number of single items in the country, such as nutrients, drinks, e-Po, and the number of red bulls with more than 4 million end-points for energy-based drinks. According to Nelson, we still have about twice as much development space as we have.
And deep down into the low-line market at the county, village, and suburban levels, with a ratio of more than 80%, the number of beverage endpoints in our country currently covers only about 35% of the network, with a much wider range of channels.
Building on 2019, in 2020, the company continued its marketing strategy of “showing the best ads”, creating a “high-power” node for “sales, power, end image” and further strengthening the shop's displays, freezes and image-building standards, creating consumption scenes and raising consumer readiness.
Income analysis: In 2021, the terminal point single point revenue for the beverages was 0.33 million yuan, and the target industry was a leader in the red cow, with 600,000 high-capacity core points in its 4 million terminals and 0.57 million single-point revenues. For single point revenue for each region of the label company, the sales revenue for the single point in the Guangdong region was 0.92 million yuan, far from Guangdong province
0.23 million yuan. In Guangdong, where the layout of the channel is nationalized, the depth of the channel is still more optimized and grown. Figure 64: Compared to the industry, the range/deepness of the channel is still larger.
In 2013, the Red Bull used the word "suffering to drink red cow" instead of "suffering to drink red cow" instead of "suffering to your imagination" and "suffering to drink red bull" instead of "suffering to drink" and "suffering to remove the impression of a functional drink left by the Red Bull to the consumer.
In 2015, Linqing used the word "youth needs to wake up" as a slogan for East Ponto, turning the original work of drinking to physical and spiritual needs. In 2022, the company tied up the sports competitions in Hangzhou, the Asian Games, the Ying-Ching-Ching Association, and continued to rejuvenate branding the branding opportunities of officially designated functional beverages.
Figure 66: Ad words that highlight the demand for physical energy, many years of innovative marketing, and the national reach of corporate brands. In 2013, companies invited Xie Zhen to be their spokesperson.
In 2016, the company's innovative marketing campaign, which started with a video site, "Press the screen" ad, produced significant results, with a 40% increase in revenue in 2017 and an increase in the 100-degree index, and a significant increase in the number of microblogging hot searches; in 2019, the East Poon Trench Challenge won more than 6 billion exposures.
In 2017, 11.75% increased to 30.26% in 2020, and in 2019 more than 1,800 public transports, more than 1,700 waiting booths, more than 400 t-cards, more than 2,800 walls, etc. After years of innovative marketing, the brand power of the doppelganger is rising and gaining national influence.
The third list of functional beverages: according to chn-brand data, the brand power of the beverages rose from an unknown figure in 2016 to the fourth in 2021.
Figure 68: Changes in the branding of functional beverages Figure 70: Increased roll-out of companies (millions) Figure 71: Decline in the advertising of corporate television stations (millions)
The company’s dynamic and diverse marketing scenes: physical growth + the Internet + the film + the picture, close to young consumers, precisionly anchoring various consumption scenarios, and continuous expansion of the user’s capacity. Sports marketing links, the World Cup, etc.; Internet marketing masters shaky platforms, b-stations, etc.
Links to the X era; video marketing in collaboration with popular dramas, the 9th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 4th, the 10th, the 10th, the 10th, the 10th, the 10th, the 10th, the 10th, the 1th, the 10th, the 1th, the 10th, the 10th, the 10th, the
In 2015, Tung Ping added two dimensions to the bottle cap.
So far, companies have accumulated 140 million non-repeated users. Moreover, the two-dimensional sweep rate can be close to 70% at peaks, even now at 50%. At the same time, scanning two-dimensional codes triggers consumers’ attention to public numbers, helping companies to establish more direct contact with consumers.
The fans are already close to 10 million, private sector flows are different from new media and push marketing, and their consumers have a clearer understanding of brands and even some loyalty. Private domain retention and development will be important agents for future development.
Figure 73: "One Dollar Enjoyment" cleanup campaign 3.4 Increased collection of capital to support the build-up of branded mosaics with 2,364.5 million tonnes per year of line production and high capacity utilization, energy beverages in 2020
The rate reached 83.52 per cent, which is already saturated, and the increased availability of public funds can support the nationalization of large monolithic items, effectively breaking the current corporate capacity bottlenecks and improving supply capacity.
Figure 76: In particular, the company proposes to invest a total of 1,437 million yuan (including 959 million yuan raised by ipo) in the construction of the production bases of Hua Peng, Quan and Gui Peng for a period of three years, with construction totalling 1,112,000 tonnes/year.
The increase in production capacity is expected to be 2.5 million tonnes per year after the completion of the construction of the production base, which is expected to be close to expanding production capacity and 3.2 million tonnes by the end of 2022. At present, the company has seven major production bases. In 2021, the expansion of the company ' s capacity to raise funds is progressing well; in addition, the company ' s new configuration is continuing.
Production base, July 2021, announced the construction of a production base for the South China regional headquarters, which is expected to be equipped with six automated smart production lines, which will be launched in March 2024 and will provide early follow-up requirements for the Chinese region; and the new Zhejiang East Peng Vita beverages Ltd., which was formally signed on 24 November 2021, at the Buang Zhejiang Production Base.
The history of the rise of beverages provides ample evidence of its forward-looking strategic vision and efficient tactical enforcement, backed by red power.
Cows are still mired in the “time” of trademark competition, and companies are pushing for national expansion and are well prepared for the multi-dimensional dimensions of products, channels, marketing, and production capacity. We expect a successful future nationalization strategy for beverages, less than expected nationalization, less productive growth, and more competitive markets.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.