The company's review report  Beverage manufacturing
Regional expansion and downside, rising income throughout the year, quarterly flattening. 1) For the entire year of 2021, current revenues amounted to $6,978 million, i.e. +40.7 per cent, benefiting from the low base effect on the one hand, and working on the other.
In the context of high-intensity industry + reduced costs, the company accelerated its regional expansion and subsidence in its revenue growth, as evidenced by the comparison of revenue between the Guangdong region/East China region/Southwest region in 2021
Controlling the speed of delivery is ironed. The nationalization period has seen an increase in revenue, in gross sales, and in profits. 1) Māori ratio: 44.4 per cent in 2021, compared to 2.2 pct, excluding freight adjustment factors +0.7 pct, mainly thanks to the kernel.
The rise in the share of a single eccentric “big bottle” and the early lock-in of the price of pet have resulted in lower unit costs. (2) Cost utilization: sales cost of 19.61 per cent in 2021, the same ratio-1.4 pct, after removing freight adjustment factors, has benefited from better gross sales and a fair value change of more than $100 million in bank finance.
Outlook: A leap from channel thrust to product innovation. 1) Channel thrust: Number of regional markets and nodes of red bulls, companies will accelerate the penetration of distributors and terminals, laying an important foundation for nationalization over the next five years. 2) Product innovation: we think that 2022 or a year for the company's products, on the one hand.
On the one hand, the external expansion of the product, which is now oiled lemon tea and large caulinum lattes, and on the other hand, the sports drink in 2022.
The product attributes are close to the energy beverages, and it is possible to replicate the experience of a single “drink” that is known as the “drinking of East Pine.” The company has a relatively low growth potential and maintains a “recommended” rating.
The food and beverages industry has been evaluating the food and beverages sector for the second half of 2021: a huge increase in revenue and a strong national market.
I. Income analysis: regional expansion and downside recession drive high income growth (i) high annual growth and quarterly flattening of high annual income growth. Companies achieved annual revenues of $6,978 million, or +40.7 per cent, for 2021 year-round.
Quarterly fluctuations have been ironed. 21q1-q4 companies have each managed to collect $17.11/19.71/18.78.1418 billion, each of which has been modest, as a result, on the one hand, of energy beverages sold in the summer and, on the other hand, of the company’s speed of delivery and market policy.
2103-4, although the company has smoothed the delivery pace, the low base effect + spring supply preset still leads to a high rate of income growth of 2104. Overall, we believe that the company is now in the phase of large monolithic + regional expansion, where the product has been polished and the sink will drive high income growth and better investment value.
With the same logic of total cooling, and taking into account the vast, empty market in China’s East + China + South-West, we believe that the company’s channel push is still promising to release. Specifically, we look at the drivers of corporate income growth from three factors: the product dividend, regional expansion, and downflow:
(ii) Product dividend: “Big Gold Bottle” becomes a 5 billion single item, and the new one consolidates the core market advantage: the differentiated “Big Gold Bottle” product dividend is continuously being released. In 2021, the revenue of East Pocket was realized at the same rate +56%, of which 500ml “Big Gold Bottle” revenue was exceeded by $5 billion, compared to 63%, and we consider it to be a national large one.
The properties have been largely validated (price advantages + differentiated products are in essence consistent with the binary market structure of energy beverages) and will be an important tool for the public administration to achieve general nationalization and even genuine nationalization.
(Expanding ceilings are limited), so on the one hand, in 2020, the taste of “plus” and “zero sugar” was introduced, and attempts were made to cut white collars and new female energy beverages were introduced, with the aim of creating demand for women’s consumption.
The raw revenue is about 324 million yuan (+22 per cent) and the annual growth rate is low. On the one hand, the product is being imported into the breeding period and is being released in unknown quantities (mainly on a pilot basis in the central market in Guangdong), on the other hand, large lattes and female energy beverages are listed mainly after September 21st year, and in fact 21q4 other beverages are receiving 267 per cent higher earnings in the same year.
(iii) Regional expansion: The first driving factor is gradually shifting from within to outside ports in the province. Guangdong Market: Using the fission of new products and channels to consolidate the camp continuously. In 2021, Guangdong achieved revenue of 3.2 billion yuan, corresponding income of 46 per cent, compared with 30 per cent: 21q4 quarter, yielding revenue of 640 million yuan, corresponding income of 46 per cent,
High growth in the core market benefits from the company’s strong brand power in the local market, on the one hand, and the introduction of new products (0 sugar + oil + curry) on the other, raising the edge of the end-point. We expect that, in the future, the Guangdong market will continue to have more room for growth as per capita income rises and companies open new channels (food, specialty, etc.) and new products are launched.
Foreign port markets: After 2018, accelerated nationalization, rapid release after five years of accumulation in China, Southwest in 2021, greater advantage in consumption levels, accumulation of companies through several years of brands and channels, now entering the market harvest period, and with the construction of a factory in Zhejiang County, it is expected that a new Guangdong market will be built in the future.
(iv) Dwelling channels: Network density is gradually going beyond competitors to match regional expansion and downswing accelerates. By the end of 2021, there were 2312 dealers, 712 more than by the end of 2020, 45 per cent more than the previous year, and more than the 2019 Warbin Group (2300), with traditional + modern + special access coverage.
At the end of 2021, the company had 2.09 million terminals, or 74% of the total, which is second in line. Second, at the profit end, the price and cost of the raw material contributed to improved profitability.
(i) Improved profit-side performance at the nationalization stage with a profit end of 21q4 was seen throughout the year by 2021. The net profit/discount on the company was 11,931,084 million yuan for the whole year, or 46.9%/34.7% for the same year, and the profit-side performance was higher than we had previously expected.
The main benefits are thought to be: 1) in the national expansion and channel release stage; 2) in the product structure improvement, with the core single “big gold bottle” rising as a percentage of the increase: 3) in unit costs due to the lock price of the pet: 4) non-recurring gains and losses of more than $100 million, etc. Figure 11: Net increase in profits of the mother between 2019 and 2021 (single quarter)
(ii) Cost end: product structure upgrades with price locks for pet raw materials, Māori rates maintain stable levels Annual price increases for pet raw materials, but companies reduce unit costs by pre-locking prices. (iii) Cost end: Increased investment of materials during the nationalization expansion phase
In 2021, the cost of sales fell on a year-on-year basis and, after excluding ad hoc marketing costs and freight adjustments, the market share of sales actually increased as a result of the speed of entry, while the cost rate increased to enhance brand and channel power and consolidate long-term competitive advantages. (iv) Net interest rates: gross spreads improved by adding investment returns and net interest rates slightly increased
In 2021, the net interest rate on corporate homecoming was 17.1 per cent, corresponding to +0.7 pct, mainly as a result of an improvement in the gross sales margin (declining unit cost, higher hedging rate) and a fair value change gain of more than $100 million from bank finance, among others.
The main driving force behind the company’s high growth in the last three years is the difference between channel power release and bottled products. In fact, from the 2022 plan, the driving force of product innovation is building up, and we think that 2022 or the company’s product year (bubbling energy beverages + sports beverages + female energy beverages, etc.) will be the penetration of distributors and terminals.
The logic behind this is that companies, on the one hand, have a sophisticated channel structure that can quickly capture the sunk market for energy beverages, on the other hand, the profit margin of the channel is higher than the competitive, distributor, retail end.
Given the strong corporate marketing team, advanced digital systems, and high-channel profit margins for popular branding, we believe that the channel is expected to continue to release over the next three years. (ii) Fragmentation of products: from “energy beverages” to “functional plus product matrices”
Recapitulating the development experience of overseas energy beverages, we have summarized two growth curves in the energy beverage industry -- one internal dimension (product fission), one external dimension (product expansion). In fact, the company is also pursuing this development strategy in the country, moving from “energy beverage monolith” to “functional + product matrix”.
The strategic intent of the product fission: 20h2, the company's introduction of a new product with steam, zero sugar, high-end positioning, the target group being white collars and new blue collars, is to seize the opportunity of the Red Bull trademark dispute and to move towards higher-end price belts (rather than direct attacks) through differentiated products. 21h2, the company's launch of a “she can” sub-brand, targeting female consumer groups.
In 2022, the company will launch bubble energy beverages, building on existing steam-added products. According to the offer book, we will not rule out more energy beverages of new tastes and new additions.
The product's properties, brand image and energy beverages are close, and it is possible to do so.
By taking advantage of existing product R & D, channels, etc., it is hoped to replicate the experience of “deprived wine” that has matured. Unanimous profit expectations, such as the calculation average, are that the share value of the flat shares and the share price of Chongqing beer corresponds to an average of about 38 x per cent in 2022.
At a time when the industry is in a state of high volatility and low competition, firms are expected to pursue a nationalization strategy through expansion of production capacity and channels, sustaining higher expectations of competition in the industry, falling demand in the industry, food safety, and so on. Ingenious: Qinghua University Bentt, who entered the securities industry in 2007, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2011.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.