Cheuk Seung-wee (300782.sz): Ten years of sharpening swords have achieved the goal of radio frequency, self-controllable construction of a powerful inner core, a strong national leader in radio frequency switch operations, mature low-noise amplifiers operations, and market size expansion has contributed to the rapid growth of companies. 1) In the context of the rapid expansion of the global radio frequency market, separate devices will continue to occupy a seat.
According to research data, the size of the global radio frequency market is expected to reach $31.310 billion in 2023, an increase of 15.02 per cent over the same period; according to yole data, the global radio frequency separation device is expected to account for 30.93 per cent of the market share compared to the front end of the radio frequency in 2023. 2) Companies are national radio frequency switch pioneers, with 5 per cent of global radio frequency switch operations in 2020, ranked fifth, business maturity
The company’s business of low-noise amplifiers achieves full product process coverage and supports the frequency range of 5 gsub-6ghz. The company is expected to rise up under market expansion with the dominant position of the switch and the full layout of lna.
At the front end of the radio frequency, 53% of its value is expected to continue to expand at an annual compound rate of 5%, according to yole. In 2020, overseas taps had a 95% or more share in the market for voltage filters, and there was a large national production replacement space. Companies now build their own filter lines, both saw and ipd filters, with their own brand max-saw performance excellent.
Technology paths correspond to large overseas plants. 2) Power amplifiers are the second-highest splitr of 33% in value, with up to 92% cr3 in 2019. Companies based on the market mainstream gaas process are active layout power amplifiers. Communications upgrades lead radio frequency front end models are more grouping, companies build core autonomous control capabilities.
(i) The main areas of application downstream of the front end of the radio frequency are mobile terminals, and there is an increasing demand for the integration of the front end of the radio frequency in the communications mode. According to yole data, the market for the 2023 radio frequency module was 69.07 per cent, the market size was $13.465 billion, and the expected expansion of the 2026 module was 72.13 per cent.
Companies have responded to the times by increasing their deployment of module operations, with a significant increase in the share of module collection, which rose to 36.34 per cent in 2023. 3) Corporate module operations have gradually expanded from receiving module to more difficult technology.
High launch end module. Currently, the receiving end module products include fem, linabank, difem, l-difem, etc., and the manufacturer upgrades up -- semiconductors, most of which are integrated home-grown filters, and the cost advantage is expected to become apparent. For launch end module, the company integrates home-grown ipd.
The l-pamif module product of the filter has already produced its output volume, and the country’s much-needed “bead” product, l-Pamid, has achieved a major breakthrough from “0” to “1” and is expected to take the lead in opening the national production alternative space in the future, relying on autonomous control capabilities. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “buy-in” rating.
The company, as the leader of the domestic industry, is increasingly well organized, and we look forward to its long-term development. In 2024-2026, the company is expected to earn 53.48, 64.88 and 8.189 billion yuan, respectively, at a rate of 22.14 per cent, 21.32 per cent and 1.
1.1. Over 10 years, the company is the leader of the industry in the field of the front end of the country’s radio frequency. The company was founded in 2006 as Droting Cayman and initially focused on the development of cellular television chips.
The company is currently a domestic radio frequency front-end chip lead business, focusing on research, development, production and marketing in the field of radio frequency integration circuits, product lines covering radio frequency front-end separation devices, radio frequency modules, and network chips.
Main battalion operations are full-scale, with product lines reaching full coverage in the field of radio-frequency front end chips. Company operations cover radio front end core products and iot network (iot) chip products. 1) Radio front end chip products are mainly concentrated in the field of mobile communications, including separation devices (radio frequency switches, low noise amplifiers, filters, power amplifiers) and radio frequency modules (received modules and receivers).
R & D production; 2) company products also include products in the area of wireless connectivity, mainly the wifi front end module and the bluetooth front end module, the wifi front end front end module downstream applications mainly mobile smart terminal and network network equipment, the bluetooth front end module can be used for object networking and other communication systems, such as bluetooth headphones; 3) company also provides low-performance bluetooths to the outside world.
Microcontrolr chips, mainly applied to smart homes, wearable equipment and wireless chargers, to expand the company's map of the field of the PCR.
Ten years of sharpening the sword, implementing a two-step approach to the radio frequency module strategy, gradually opening up the growth space. The company started with a radio frequency separation device and gradually expanded the market for radio frequency receiving end and launch end models. With accumulated customer resources and excellent R&D capabilities, the company took advantage of the tide of the dual era of national production substitution and communications upgrading.
(1) In 2012-2019, the company ' s deep-treasuries front-end separation devices were industry-led, accounting for more than 80% of the company ' s separate equipment business. The company avoided the market for high technical barriers for radio frequency filters (filter) and power magnifiers (pa) and entered the radio frequency with a focus on radio frequency switches (switch) and low noise amplifiers (lna).
The front-end chip market continued to improve product line coverage during this period, and partnered with well-known companies to become suppliers of major plants such as Samsung and Mi. The company’s radio frequency switch business matured and was at the forefront of the industry, rising from $461 million to $2,191 million between 2018 and 2020, accounting for more than 80 per cent of the company’s radio frequency separation unit.
Figure 32018-2020 Company radio frequency separation units collection (millions of yuan) (2) From 2019 to the present, operations were gradually transformed to cover high-tech walls such as filters, power amplifiers, radio frequency models, etc. Strategic focus gradually shifted to filters, power amplifiers, radio frequency modules, etc.
In addition, in 2020, the company launched the Project for the Industrialization of the Wifem, Wifipa, Wififem, l-pamif, max-saw filters, ipsd filters, and i-femid. During this period, the business model was gradually shifted from the Fables to the Fab-lite model, with self-built filter lines in place in 2023.
The ability to produce a stable and sequenced scale from the branded max-saw filter has now reached a maximum capacity of more than 8000 cards per month on the 6-inch line, and the 12-inch ipd line has been converted to production in the first quarter of 2024. (3) Separated devices continue to dominate the company’s business, with the collection of radio frequency model camps rising to nearly 40 per cent annually.
From 2018 to 2023, the company dominated its operations. After 2020, the radio frequency module was phased in and became another major contributor to the collection. The 2020 RFID camp received 88.18 per cent, the radio frequency module 9.94 per cent, the 2023 RFID camp 61.99 per cent, and the radio frequency module group.
The supplier is mainly a crystal circle manufacturer and a chip containment plant, with a client group covering a wide range of well-known mobile terminal brands. As a radio frequency chip designer, the company’s upstream supplier is mainly a crystal circle manufacturer (towerjazz, power builder, combined power).
The company uses both direct sales and distribution models to provide chip products and technical support to customers such as downstream mobile smart terminal manufacturers. Under the direct sales model, customers place orders directly to companies, depending on demand.
Arrange production and sales, or provide customers with ip-authorized business; under the distribution model, buy off sales between companies and distributors, buy chips from companies and sell them to their downstream customers.
Improved and innovative product technology in a timely manner by well-known clients in the service industry.Fig.7 The concentration of the top five suppliers of companies has declined year by year and the risk of upstream supply has decreased significantly since 2020.
By the first quarter of 2024, the company’s inter-State controller was Mr. Xu Zhihan and Mr. Tangzhuang, who held a total of 24.52% of the shares. As of the first quarter of 2024, the company’s inter-State controllers were Mr. Xu Zhihan, Deputy General Manager Fengchenhui, and Deputy General Manager Tang.
At the same time, he is the legal representative and inter-state controller of the company ' s largest shareholder, the joint venture, holding 11.48 per cent of the shares, and indirectly holding 8.77 per cent of the shares, so that Mr. Xu ' s effective control and influence of the shares is combined.
15.40%. The three persons in charge hold a total share of 24.52%. In inches they own filter lines. On 7 December 2023, the company set up a fully-owned subsidiary, limited semiconductor, with 100 million yuan in registered capital, which comes from its own funds and is based on overall business planning considerations.
By further integrating and optimizing existing resources, the Division manages production manufacturing and design research and development separately to facilitate better implementation of activities related to production operations and to enhance management efficiency and results.
The core management team is Qingbei, with a strong technical background, and for many years has been working in fields related to radio frequency. Xu Zhihan, Chairman and Director of the Corporation, and Tangzhuang, Deputy Managing Director and Director, and Fengchenhui, both have a clear background on the qualifications of the North Electronics-related colleges of higher education. Mr. Xu Chihan was an engineer and an engineer at Toshiba America.
Engineer, Director, Togasystems, United States; Mr. Tangzhuang, formerly a wjcommunications, inc., a leading scientist, led wimax performance design, base station performance module design, linear performance design, development of multiple process-under-frequency radio device and technology platform development at compoundsemicondutormantech
Conference was a member of the Technical Review Committee; Mr. Fengchenhui was formerly the manager of the system software and certification department in the United States of America, Broadcomco. Chief Engineer and Magnumsemiconductorco.
Table 1 Corporate core management team The annual operating income value (US$1,512 million) is the performance base, the average value of the cumulative operating income for each year is assessed as the growth rate of the performance base, with the scheme awarded for the first time 72,000 shares, representing 180 million shares of the company's total equity at the time of the announcement of the incentive scheme
A review of the company ' s annual operating income or accumulated operating income for the period 2024-2026, with the result being a/b+, b, c divided into three tranches, corresponding to 100 per cent, 80 per cent and 0 per cent, respectively, of the individual level of attribution, incentivizing the number of restricted shares actually belonging to the target in the year = the number of individuals who planned to belong in the year x the ratio of corporate level belonging to the individual X
On 31 May, the company awarded 106.47 million restricted category II shares to 233 incentive recipients eligible for award, with a price of $54 per share for the first time, including gengchunqi (15,000 units awarded) and 232 other mid-level managers and technical (operational) cadres (1,497,000 units awarded).
Equity incentive schemes are conducive to the binding of the collective interests of individual employees and companies and, in the long run, to sustained corporate growth. 1.3. Recovery of high growth in revenue, sustained additions to research and development inputs.
So far, with the frequent release of new products by major technology plants, domestic and foreign consumer electronics in the recovery cycle, improved end-stocks, and the gradual release of corporate products to clients, the company collected $4.378 billion in 2023, with negative growth rates of 19.06 per cent and net profit returns to mothers of $1,122 million, up to 4.97 per cent in the first quarter of 2024.
Recovering to 67.16 per cent, which exceeded the same rate of increase in 2021, the return to the parent ' s net profit was $198 million, and the same rate of increase was restored to a slight decline in the company ' s Māori ratio due to increased competition, depreciation of the chip and restructuring of the product, but the relative competition kept the industry high. To date, the company ' s Māori ratio has remained at a high level of over 40 per cent.
The main reasons for this include increased competition in the industry, pre-drawn depreciation and changes in the structure of the company's products, the rise in the share of corporate model products, especially the low Māori rate of the difem, l-difem and other filter modules that have been incorporated into the home-grown filters, the short-term Māori rate of enterprises, and the Māori ratio of Diosk, which has always been a leader in the industry, thanks to excellent R&D management capabilities and accumulated customer base.
Sales rates and financial rates have been stable, influenced by corelines, and management rates have increased slightly in recent years. In the first quarter of 2024, the company management rate was 3.44 per cent, a decrease of 0.75 pct and an increase of 0.63 pcc over the same period; the sales rate was a continuous build-up of R & D inputs, and the R & D rate had risen year by year to build up an industry-advanced R & D front-end chip firm.
In the first quarter of 2024, R & D costs amounted to $269 million, an increase of 118.60% over the same period, and R & D rates of 22.59% over the same period. The stock situation is constantly adjusted to market changes.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company's inventory was 1.8 billion yuan, with the ring rising.
The front end of the radio frequency is a series of components between the radio frequency transceiver and the antenna, which serve primarily as receivers and transmitters throughout the wireless communication chain and treats radio frequency signals as magnifying, filtering, reducing noise, etc. (rffe, radiofrequencyfrontmodule) typically by radio frequency power amplifiers (pa), radio frequency filters (filter), etc.
Radio frequency switches (switch/tuner), radio frequency low noise amplifiers (lna) and so on. Radio frequency front end, combined with the straps, radio frequency transceivers and antennas, constitute the transmission and reception circuits of signals, transforming binary signals into high-frequency wireless electromagnetic wave signals and sending them, and receiving and converting radio magnetic waves signals into binary signals as a means of achieving wireless access.
It's a need for mobile terminal equipment in downstream applications for cellular network connectivity, w-fi, gps, bluetooth, etc.
The development of cellular mobile technology from 2g to the current 5g, moving network speeds to accelerate the replacement of the inverted front-end chips; the rapid development of smart apparel equipment, smart homes, mobile medicine, etc. are also accelerating the prospect of prosperity at the front end of the radio frequency market. qyresearch data show that the world is growing rapidly.
The market size at the front end of the radio frequency is expected to expand from $10.128 billion in 2015 to $31.310 billion in 2023, with annual increases of about 15% floating. The importance of radio frequency modules will increase, and radio frequency separation devices will remain in place as a result of an iterative update in the form of communications.
One seat is expected to be more than 70% of the radio frequency module in 2026. Radio frequency separation devices for two or more functions can be integrated into a radio frequency module. Communications upgrades have led to a higher degree of grouping of the radio front end model, with the global radio frequency module market of $11.628 billion in 2021, or 67.20%, based on yole development data.
The size of the radio frequency module market in 2026 could reach $15,630 million, or 6.09 per cent, and the projected size of the radio frequency module in 2026 is 72.13 per cent.The relevant industrial policy is to protect the pace of national production in the radio frequency industry. The front end of the radio frequency is one of the integrated circuits, while the front end is one of the integrated circuits.
In recent years, in order to improve the strategic position of the integrated circuit industry, government agencies have continued to issue relevant industrial policies, regulate the order of industrial development, finance, and finance.
Taxes, talent, etc. support the development of the integrated circuit industry. The relevant national policy dates back to the Chinese Manufacturing 2025 document issued by the State Council in 2015, which calls for “investment in upgrading the design of integrated circuits, increasing the wealth of intellectual property (ip) nuclear and design tools, breaking the core generic chip for the development of the national information and network security and electronic whole-office industry, and upgrading the country.”
The application of the chip is appropriate.” In recent years, policies relating to the 5g and semiconductor industries have become more frequent, also protecting the pace of national production at the front end of the radio frequency. 2.2. Domestic 5g terminals are in strong demand, leading to updates at the front end of the radio frequency.
Mobile smart terminals are the main downstream application areas of the radio front end industry, with a share of up to 55%, followed by w-fi and car connections. Based on a rough calculation of the market share of the global front end of the mobile terminal relative to the global front end of the radio frequency, the global mobile terminal accounted for more than 70% of the downstream applications of the radio front end chip industry in 2022.
According to data, mobile smart terminal equipment accounted for about 55 per cent of the overall market for radio-frequency front end chips in 2022; it was followed by the w-fi and car networking areas, with the market share at about 20 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, for the same period. 5g of all types of communication systems were the main force in the front end of radio-frequency markets, accounting for more than 75 per cent, and the market share would continue to rise.
The annual cagr is about 5.8%, of which the market share at the front end of the 5g radio frequency was $14.7 billion in 2022, accounting for a steady increase in global 5g mobile phone shipments in the total market, and is expected to increase penetration to over 60% in 2024. With the upgrading of communications technology, the volume of 5g mobile phones is rising year by year. According to yoledevelation, the global 5g mobile phone exports in 2019 were made year by year.
From July 2023, the number of mobile phones in China stood at 80% as compared to the total number of mobile equipment.
Up. According to data from yole in figure 26, the global mobile penetration rate of 5g is projected to be 63.68% in 2024, the country’s mobile penetration rate of 5g is significantly higher than the world level, and the demand for 5g-related radio-frequency front end devices is stronger. Against the background of high concentration in the global front end of the radio-frequency market and low domestic self-sufficiency, the country’s increasing demand for 5g voice rights allows national production to replace it.
It is also rising, giving domestic manufacturers the opportunity to break through. The widespread use of 5g communications technology in January 272023, 2024, compared to 5g mobile phones, in April 2024, has increased the performance of downstream mobile terminals on the front end of radio frequency chips.
Changes to 5g include, for example, an increase in the frequency range to be supported at the front end of the radio frequency, with the maximum frequency increasing from 2690 MHz to 5,000 MHz; a significant increase in the number of frequency bands, with new high frequency bands n77/n78/n79, etc.; and an increase in the bandwidth of the channel, with the largest number changing from 20 mhz to 100 mhz. The high frequency frequency is more difficult to handle and the performance requirements for radio frequency devices are increasing.
For radio-frequency front end chips, new processes, new forms of containment and new product requirements are needed, and new challenges to the design of radio-frequency modules are created. 5g front-end chips are becoming more complex, leading to an increase in the volume of radio-frequency front endware. 5g mobile terminals are developing.
The number of devices at the front end of the radio frequency is increasing. From the skyworks data, the number of devices at the front end of the mobile terminal is increasing from generation to generation. For example, the number of filters has risen from 40 in 4g to 70 in 5g; the value has also increased from $18 in 4g.
Communications upgrades have contributed to a higher degree of RF front-end modularization, with a market size of more than 60% of the market, with the launch-end module share in almost 50% of the market. While mobile smart terminal performance is increasing, the internal RF front-end chip space has been decreasing, so that the mobile smart terminal is miniaturized, lightly thinned,
With the need for diversity of functions, the radio front end chip will gradually move from a separate device to an integrated module. According to yole development, the global front end market for mobile terminals was $19.2 billion in 2022, with radio frequency models accounting for 61.46 per cent of the total, with the largest market for radio frequency launch end modules, at $8.7 billion, or a percentage of the total.
45.31 per cent; the second receiving end module was $3.1 billion, or 16.15 per cent; the low noise amplifier market was $700 million, with a smaller share of 3.65 per cent. The global mobile terminal front end market was expected to be $26.9 billion in 2028, while the radio frequency module was 62.08 per cent, an increase of 0.62 pct, with the launch end module market being $12.2 billion, or a share.
The market size of the receiving module was $4.5 billion, or 16.73 per cent. 2.3. The international market is led by the United States of America, where the domestic industry is competitively competitive. The global front-end market for radio frequencies is a concentrated market of up to 65 per cent, and cr4 is a large overseas plant.
According to data on development, between 2021 and 2022, the world ' s front-end radio market was divided mainly by major international companies such as Botón, Quest, Shitsu, Murada, and Cr4, 67 per cent and 66 per cent, respectively, as highly concentrated markets. In addition, other small and medium-sized enterprises continued to operate, increasing their total market share from 18 per cent in 2021 to 20 per cent in 2022, and there will be a future.
To create a pattern of industry with flowers, the global front-end market competition pattern for radio frequencies in 302021, and the global front-end market competition pattern for radio frequencies in 312022
Among the top five industry leaders, Botong, Hightower, Vitsu and Shitsu are American and Murata are Japanese. Not only are the leading companies in the electronics sector, but the lines cover the segmented markets at the front end of the radio frequency, with radio frequency model products in particular leading the industry.
Domestic market participants are well positioned in more mature areas, such as separation devices and receiving end-modules, national production replacements of initial size, launch end-modules (especially l-patid products) are in urgent need of take-off. The domestic market is dominated by competitive firms, i-patid products.
Magnetic technology, flying technology, smart ideas, etc., deep-seated in the front end of the radio frequency industry, with major products covering radio front end separation devices, radio frequency modules, etc., with their front end separation device operations becoming more mature, while the front end of the radio frequency model operations are in the initial stages, and higher end separation devices and module products adapted to industry needs are being explored.
Table 6 Basic information and related products of major domestic companies has become more competitive domestically, with the country's leading radio front-end market running by the winner and emerging in the global market. In 2021-2022, based on the operations of the respective front-end radio-frequency operations of the main domestic industry participants mentioned above, there was a slight difference in the performance of their respective front-end radio-frequency operations.
In 2022, the global front-end market for radio frequencies was $19.2 billion, converted to $12,92.16 billion based on the average exchange rate of $6.73 in 2022 for the United States dollar against the renminbi.
The share of radio frequency (RF) operations is comparable to the size of the global radio front end market, with a 3 per cent share in the global market, with the remaining four enterprises accounting for 1.77 per cent, 1.12 per cent, 0.79 per cent and 0.28 per cent of the global front end market size in 2022, totalling more than 5 per cent, and the future development of the radio front end industry in the country.
Figure 322021-2022: Revenue from the operations of our major radio front end companies (millions of dollars)
Radio frequency switches and low-noise amplifiers are well established in the country. Radio frequency switches are used to switch signals over the signal transmission path (receipt or launch) at different frequencies or under different modes of communication and are widely applied to mobile terminals such as smartphones.
Wi-fi switches, antenna synthesizing switches, antenna exchange switches, etc.; divided by number of knives and number of throws, which can be divided into single blades, single swords, multiple knives and multiple swords.
Radio frequency switches are divided into conductors and antenna switches, soi being the mainstream process of 90% or more. (1) The conductor switches (switch) can connect either or several of the multiple-circuit radio frequency signals by controlling logic in order to achieve a switch between different signal paths, such as receiving and firing switches, switching between different frequency bands, etc., including, inter alia, moving.
Communications guide switches and w-fi switches; antenna switches are directly connected to antennas, which are used to reconcile the transmission of antenna signals and which allow them to achieve optimal efficiency at any frequency, or to exchange the most selective antenna channels, including, among other things, antenna synergizers, antenna adjusters, and antenna switches. The antenna switches are technologically more difficult than transfer switches because they are patient.
Pressure requirements are high, conductive resistance and deactivated capacitors have a significant impact on performance, leading to higher design and process requirements. The market size of both the conductor switch market and the antenna switch market has increased steadily during the year, with cagr being 4% in 2021-2026.
The company's radio frequency switch operations are also mainly based on soi processes, i.e. silicon on insulation, which introduces a layer of oxidation between the top silicon and back liners. Compared to other processes, soi switches are low-resistance and low capacitors that reduce signal decay and power consumption in the rf path; can support multiple standards and frequency; and soi switches can be associated with cos logic.
The easy integration of roads and the control of positive voltage signals have simplified design and reduced costs. Figure 352019 - 2026e shows the size of the global transmission switch market (millions of US dollars) and the global antenna switch market forecast for 362019 - 2026e (millions)
The ratio of soi processes to soi processes to soi processes is the world’s fifth largest producer in the field of radio frequency switches, with a share of 5%.
According to data, in the 2020 global radio frequency switch market, the top five manufacturers are Shitsu, Weibo, Murata, Botun and Cheuk Seung-wei, with 33%, 20%, 14%, 10% and 5% of the city, respectively, and their products cover high-end machines such as apples, three stars galaxy, and the Chinese mate series.
But there is still much room for growth in the global market. Figure 37 Global market share of radio-frequency switches, 2020.
As the company's largest and most important radio frequency separation device product, and in response to the new application needs of 5g, the company has developed a series of new high frequency products that support sub-6ghz, including low-input, high-segregate receiving end switches, high-power Hpue launch end switches and high-density low-sattension antenna tuning switches, which form a complete range of radio frequency switch products.
A full coverage of the needs of the sub-6ghz band switches has been achieved. The company has further refined the antenna open-up line and has become one of the company’s major fists. At the same time, the company has continued to expand to new applications, introducing radio frequency switch products covering the telecommunications base station and car electronics applications.
The radio frequency low noise amplifier market is expected to grow by more than 4% annually, with the soi process accounting for more than half. The radio low noise amplifier function is to magnify the faint radio frequency signals received by the antenna, minimize the introduction of noise, and, in this case,
Mobile smart terminals achieve better signals, better call quality and higher data transmission. Within low noise magnifying devices, the incoming radio frequency signals are converted into voltage by input matching networks, amplifying the voltage by amplifiers and minimizing the introduction of their own noise during the magnification process, and eventually through the output matching network into a magnification of power signal output.
According to yole data, the market for radio frequency low noise amplifiers in 2019-2026 is expected to rise from $839 million to $1.98 billion, with a projected capr of 4.91% in 2021-2026. Soi is the dominant technology, with the largest share of the global market for radio low noise amplifiers in year-to-year figure 392019-2026e
Figure 38 Schematic maps of the working principles of the low radio frequency noise amplifier (millions of United States dollars) and the soi process are more competitive than the market, with cr5 globally about 50%. In the global market, radio frequency low noise amplifiers are active.
The producers are, inter alia, Botón, Anselmey, English Flying, German instruments, Eng Jiepu, Gotsun, Vitsu, Shitsu, Murada, etc., are all major international companies. The ICSID report shows that the top five low-noise magnifiers in the world in 2020 have a combined market rate of about 50%, with a more fragmented global market pattern of low-noise amplifiers than radio frequency switches, and competition.
The company ' s low noise amplifier has achieved full product process coverage and supports all frequency ranges of sub-6ghz. The company ' s low radio noise amplifier products, depending on the applicable frequency, are divided into low radio noise amplifiers for the global satellite positioning system, low radio noise amplifiers for mobile communication signals, low-noise amplifiers for television signals, low-noise amplifiers for FM signals, low-noise amplification for FM signals.
The company is continuously consolidating the competitiveness of its radio frequency low-noise amplifier products, fully covering cós, sige, soi, gaas, etc., and is able to fully support the application needs of the 5gsub-6ghz frequency, and will continue to update its products in line with changes in the industry in the future and maintain its leading position in the industry.
Figure 40 Progress of Radio Frequency Low Noise Amplifier Operations 3.2. Lampers and Power Amplifiers continue to expand, with a national production of "crack necks" bulges that can retain signals in a given frequency range and filter signals out of a given frequency, thus increasing the drying of signals
Disturbability and noise ratios. In radio frequency communication systems, the spectrum is a valuable and crowded resource, with communications satellites, military satellites, and meteorological monitoring signals in addition to 5g, 4g, wi-fi, gps and bluetooth signals. Radio frequency filters are required to process useless signals. In radio frequency front-end transmitters, filters filter useful signals from multiple noise signals.
Out; in the receiving end, the filter filter filters the jamming signal in addition to the useful signal.
The signal is precisely filtered, and the latter is largely free of jamming frequency, which reduces the need for extraclining of the filter. The sub-3ghz frequency is below the 3ghz frequency, which is an upgrade of the original 4glte frequency, and is called re-farming. This is a large frequency spectrum, a narrower bandwidth, and a larger frequency of fddd, which requires precision of the signal.
5gsub-6ghz generally refers to new frequency bands below 6ghz and above, with the most significant current frequency being n77 (including n78), n79 bands with bandwidth, basic non-disruptive frequency next to them, and tdd bands, which do not need to be considered for interference between launch and reception and can be reduced to filter belts.
Depending on process technology, filters are divided mainly into voltage filters, which apply to the sub-3ghz band, and lc (unsourced) filters, which apply to the sub-6ghz band. (1) Pressure filters include the saw and baw filter, which are used mainly in the 5gsub-3ghz band.
Sound waves transmitted along solid surfaces, a basic saw filter consisting of voltage materials and two idt (fork finger exchangers), mainly for medium- and low-frequency bands below 1.9 ghz, mature and low-cost technology development, saw filters divided into norma-saw filters, tc-saw filters and tf-saw filters, etc.; baw filters are a body-sound filter.
Waves, acoustic waves spread within the medium, and the baw filters are divided into smr-baw filters and fbar filters, which are better suited to high frequency bands than the saw filters, and have advantages such as insensitivity to temperature changes, insertion of low loss and loss, but their high cost and high technical requirements make them less popular than the saw filter. (2) lc filters (unsourced filters)
Wavers (waves) include ipd (integrated non-source devices) filters and ltcc (low-temperature co-burning ceramics) filters, both of which can handle high-frequency signals, but have a poor frequency selection capability, and thus have a good role in the 5gsub-6ghz band (currently predominantly n77, n78, n79), which has fewer jamming bands.
Figure 43saw Scheduling of the working principles of the filter. Figure 44baw Scheduling of the working principles of the filter is a high technical barrier at the front end of the radio frequency and a process difficulty device with a value of more than 50%.
Yole data, the filters have the largest value at the front end of the radio frequency, at 53%. lc filters and voltage filters are incompatible with semiconductor processes such as the switch in the front end of the radio frequency, gaas, soi, cmos in the design of lna and pa, and in the modular setup, system-level sealing (sip) is required to integrate module integration, except for the primary measure of the filter.
The filters are now also the most important link in the front end of the domestic radio frequency industry, with high technical difficulties, low autonomy and national production replacements.
Figure 45 Integration of filters into the process in the module has great potential for expansion of the filter market, with a combined growth rate of more than 5% projected for the coming year and a dominant trend in voltage filters.
The market is expected to reach $9.913 billion in 2028, with a projected 5.12% cagr, compared to the expected 95% monopoly of American-Japanese companies on the market for voltage filters, and the country’s research and development of high-end filters is still to be broken and autonomous. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the market for saw filters in 2020 was dominated by Murada and Tokyo electricity.
The main players in the 2020 baw filter market were Botun, which accounted for 87% of the market share, Cr3, 98%, and market concentration was higher than that of the saw filter. Due to the late start of the domestic filter industry and the high-end filters,
Technical barriers are high, and as the most important link in the much-needed breakthroughs in the domestic front-end radio-frequency industry, the current owners of national production filters are concentrated in more technologically mature areas such as normal-saw, tc-saw filters, ipd filters, etc., with very low self-production ratios and much more extraction, while tf-saw, baw filters are largely monopolized by large international plants, and the R & D process has yet to be broken.
The business model has shifted to fab-lite, the company has built its own filter lines (crochier lines) on a stable and orderly scale, with the ability to produce high-end max-saw filters and increasing autonomous control capabilities. Most international filter manufacturers are now using the idm production model, so the major crystal manufacturer has advanced and mature production techniques, but the filter transistors are still leading the processors.
The Fab-lite model is a business model between the Fabless model and the idm model, which combines self-build and extra-processing in crystal-crystal manufacturing, encapsulation and testing. In 2020, the company launched a semiconductor semi-conductor industrialization project designed to build a RF filter crystal production line to achieve critical manufacturing loops.
In 2022, the company’s business model was shifted from the Fables model to the Fab-lite model. To date, companies have established their own production lines with stable, large-scale branded max--
The ability of the saw filter. The company is the home-grown leader in producing the high-end saw filter and has significantly reduced the cost structure of the max-saw through close cooperation with the upstream supply chain.
The saw and ipd filters go hand in hand, the max-saw technical path is a large solar system, with a greater cost profile and great potential for substitution. The company filter products are divided into gps filters for satellite positioning systems, w-fi filters for the front end of the wireless connection system, filters for mobile communications, etc., for the company's current position.
The product is mainly used in mobile smart terminals such as saw, ipid, etc. In 2022, the company ' s 6 inches saw filter line entered the scale production phase at a faster than expected rate. To date, one phase of planned production capacity of 1w/month, the second phase is expected to increase by 6 k/month, and the first cycle of 2023 has reached 8 k/month of maximum monthly capacity, followed by production.
You can continue to climb the slopes. Apart from the production of the normal-saw and tc-saw filters, the company's own brand max-saw high-end filters are equally in volume production, the max-saw filter uses the poi liner, the product is available in the sub-3ghz frequency range, comparable shoulder baw filters, the technical path to the hp-saw filter in the pylon village field (the big European-American plant uses the baw filter).
On the basis of the 6-inch filter line, the Division has gradually advanced the manufacturing capacity of the 12-inch ipd filter product, which was completed in 2022, and is currently in the process of producing a small volume of product.
Multi-workers such as quadruples (which are often combined by two or more filters), company-related products are in the market phase, have been released to individual customers, and are expected to be further advanced to higher end applications, combining design R & D with process manufacturing authorities to more accurately integrate market demand in a 10,000-style format.
The radio frequency magnifying device expands the radio frequency signal, determines its strength, stability, power, etc., mainly in an integrated form in the radio frequency module. The RF amplifier is at the front end of the launch channel and is used to extract the maximum amount from the direct stream.
Multiple radio frequency signals, which magnify the radio frequency signal and feed it to the antenna for release, thus achieving wireless communication functions, with power on the core parameters of large instruments, such as gain, bandwidth, efficiency, linearity, maximum output power, etc., and performance directly determining the signal ' s strength, stability, power consumption, etc., determining the user ' s experience. Power amplifiers rarely exist in the form of discrete devices.
Mainly integrated in the radio frequency emission end module. Chart 52 The working schematics of the radio frequency power amplifier show that by technology the power amplifier is manufactured mainly in cmos, e-phemtbipolar, hbt and
Hemt, using different semiconductor materials. (1) cmos (supplementary metal oxide semiconductor) mainly uses silicon as material, with lower rates of electronic transport and saturation drift for the first generation of semiconductor materials and lower frequency range applied; (2) e-pemtbipolar (enhanced crystallized high electronic transport ratio transistor) and hbt (hetonic bipolar transistor)
The process material is an aromatic argon (gaas), a second-generation semiconductor material with a large lacuna energy and a high electronic transport rate, and a direct lacuna with a high luminous efficiency, which can be used as a device material for high frequency applications; and (3) hemt (high electronic transport rate transistors) with a typical representation of a third-generation semiconductor material.
In the first two generations of semiconductor materials, with higher laminable energy, higher critical shocks to the power field and higher saturation and drift speed, higher work voltage, higher frequencies, higher power density, high temperature, corrosion resistance, radiation resistance, etc.
The mainstream mobile terminal process uses gaas materials, which account for more than 95 per cent of the total, and the high end process of ggan, which is a raw material, is mainly used in telecommunications infrastructure, defence construction and satellite communications applications. According to yole data, the global radio frequency power market was US$ 1,529 million in 2021 and the share of gaas materials and corresponding processes was 99.80 per cent.
Mainstream process, 90.58%. The market size of power magnifiers is expected to reach $1,659 million by 2026, with 1.65% cagr and 97.17% using gaas materials and corresponding processes, and will remain dominant due to their maturity and ability to meet some of the requirements of high frequency bands, while the Hemt process using ggan is expected to continue to see seepage.
According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, the top three companies in 2019 accounted for the market share of global radio frequency amplifiers (37%), Wisdom (29%) and Botun (26%).
The technology threshold for power amplifiers is 92%. While the technology threshold for power amplifiers does not extend to filters, and domestic firms already have the relevant technology and product levels, there is still much room for growth compared to large international plants, and there is a vast alternative to future national production.
At the same time, power amplifiers are present mainly in the form integrated into the radio frequency module, and test module encapsulating capacity is still significant. The company's radio power amplifier product is integrated in the main direction of integration, using gaas materials and phase.
The process should be achieved and matched with the process that is the mainstream of industry development, in which the company works in depth, promotes full product type coverage to the launch end through an iterative upgrade, focusing on core autonomy. The radio frequency module is divided mainly into the main collection sender module and the subset receiving module, where production of the main cluster is more difficult.
The front-end module sets two or more functions, radio frequency switches, low-noise amplifiers, filters, binoculars, power amplifiers, etc., into one. The radio frequency module is divided primarily into the main collection of send-and-receipt modules. The main collection of send-and-receipt modules has launch and receive routes (xtxr) and is divided.
The receiving module has only receiving circuits (xr). The launch circuits usually combine power amplifiers, filters and radio frequency switches into modules; the receiving circuits usually combine radio frequency switches, low-noise amplifiers and filters into modules. Overall, their modularization is difficult because of the combined power amplifiers in the launch circuits and the high requirements for filters.
Platform manufacturers, end-makers, and device manufacturers are involved in the definition of the phase series architecture, which represents the radio front-end structure at different levels of integration. Over the past 40 years, a major node in the communications agreement has evolved over the past 10 years, bringing about a change from 2g to 5g across the border. At the same time, the radio front-end programme has evolved to promote the spread and development of wireless communications.
In response to the complexity and diversity of the front end of the radio frequency in the 4g era, and in response to the needs of different operators, end processors, plant manufacturers and software manufacturers around the world, the Mtk Joint Terminal, a chip platform manufacturer, co-sponsored the 4g radio frequency front end programme, defined as regularized and compatible.
Previous versions of phase2, phase3, phase5, phase6, phase6l, phase7, phase7l, phase7le have been optimized and innovative on the basis of different communication protocols, wave-carrying (ca) capabilities, integration etc.
The 10-year development of the front end of the radio frequency series of figure 56 “phase” is currently divided into the phase5n (unofficial definition) and the high-integration phase7 series of the more popular radio frequency front end structures under the 5g mode of communication, with the main difference being the high level of integration of the sub-3ghz band programmes.
, the mtk platform, the domestic head phone manufacturer and the skyworks/qorvo front-end manufacturer co-initiate phase6 as the definition of a front-end integration program for radio frequency. The phase6 option is highly integrated, with two lowband (including 2g) and middle/highband forming a complete launch programme, which is enabled by high-end mobile phones with high performance and integration requirements.
Use. The separation scheme under 4g uses phase2, phase2 to integrate 2gpa of phase1 with asm (the antenna switch module group) to form txm (launch module); and to integrate the pa in the 4g band to form the full 4gmmmmbpa (multi-mode multi-frequency pa module).
After the arrival of 5g in 2020, mobile phone terminals will need to support more frequency bands. And 5g defines more than 3 ghz and the UHF (uhb) frequency below 6 ghz, imposing higher requirements for the front end performance of the radio frequency. The current mainstream radio frequency option is divided into the phase7 series and the phase5n programme.
Same case, i-pamif IMC programme; pamid module programme and phase5n separation programme in the sub-3ghz band. phase5n's reception link is dominated by lnabank and difem, with mmmb pa as the main launch link; higher-level flagship aircraft requiring higher integration are mainly structured with phase7/7l/7le.
In the future, the radio front-end module will evolve towards a higher integration of the phase8 series architecture, which will integrate lowband and mid/highbandl-patid into the same module.
Fig. 574g, 5g mobile phone front end separation and integration programme, and Fig. 585gsub-3ghz end-of-frequency front end structure evolution of the “Beadstone” product.
The l-pamid module, which is a critical “cricket” problem for domestic manufacturers at present, is much more urgent than the sub-6ghz, although the sub-3ghz module has a lower frequency, less power, no need for complex srs switches, etc., but because of the sub-3ghz frequency, there are more filters and binoculars that need to be integrated, and it is saw, baw and
Voltage filters, such as fbar, impose high requirements for filter resource acquisition, multi-frequency system design capability. For a more integrated l-patid module, the main challenges include full-module subcircuit design and volume capacity, strong system design capacity, and small-scale filter resources.
The mature design and productization capability of each of the main circuits within the block, such as the pa, lna and switches in each frequency band, and the non-performance of the submodules; the powerful system design capability means that the manufacturer has a strong system analysis and design capability to deal with the intramodule issues of separation between launch and reception, inhibition between frequency bands and route design for carrying wave polymers; and the microchemical filter.
Resources refer to the possession of a wlp (crystal circle envelope, distinct from a csp chip) filter, which not only has an excellent filter product, but also requires a higher packaging process to achieve a multifilter crystalline integration. Currently, only a very few manufacturers in the country have l-pamid module-related process techniques, and most of the filters are outsiders, with a wide range of national alternatives.
The company continued to add code to its radio frequency (RF) module input, which generated 36.34 per cent of its RFM product in 2023, and a stable Māori rate. The company received 96.73 per cent of its RFID business year, and then, as downstream applications continued to raise the demand for radio frequency (RF) model grouping, the company began to match the layout and investment of its high-end model product with market demand in a more precise manner.
The current product of the corporate module consists mainly of lnabank, lfem, difem, l-difem, and a small number of l-pamif, among others. In 2023, the company ' s radio frequency module accounted for 36.34 per cent of its operations, and it occupied an important position in the strategic layout of the company, was rapidly released from l-difem and difem, and is now relatively high in the module, and l-difem was integrated into its own max-saw.
Filters, difems (integrate nonmal-saw filters) for low-end price cell phones, folding the pre-trigger depreciation effects, which currently stands at around 40-45%, but which are more consistent with the international dodm plant. Corporate module products are dominated by receiving end models, and integrated separation devices are self-researched, the most important of which are filters.
Most use home-grown filters and gradually explore the launch-end module market (especially l-patid), which is expected to further open the national production alternative space with autonomous, manageable capabilities. (1) With regard to the receiving end module, after several years of continuous input, the public sector's receiving end module products now include difem, lfem, lnabank, l-difem.
The difem, l-difem, etc. module products of the saw filter have been produced in volume, while the lfem, etc. module products integrated into the self-produced ipd filter have been validated and delivered in volume output on multiple clients. (2) With regard to the launch-end module, because of its greater technical difficulty and market space, the company is expanding the launch-end model based on accumulated technical experience and collaborative resources
Group product lines, which were successfully launched in 2021 as the main collection of send-and-go module products, l-pamif, applicable to the sub-6ghz frequency, have now been validated and delivered to multiple clients. In addition, the company has successfully developed the l-femid module product, which is between l-pamid and separated products.
In the future, as l-difem and difem are further released, and when l-pamid is on the horizon, the company’s mmmbpa module product is in the process of being replicated.
Taking advantage of good industrial chain autonomy to take advantage of domestic market gaps and replace national production, the progress of RFMT operations in company figure 61 has been made by the Ifem process.
i-femid module product with optimized design. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Filter achieves sub-design, superhigh frequency band filtering in known moves of 6ghz
Successful roll-out applied to 5g roll-out mmmbpa module
Wave demand, main collection of module products l-pamif in the end-user nr band.
• Integrated self-produced max-saw filter, l-difem,
• Ifem products are already known, i-Pamid products from wififem are being introduced from "0" to "1"
Launch of i-difem module gps module is already known as mobile smart terminal
, mainly for migration, at client end volume guidance, kinetic terminals and web access
Radio frequency module products including difem, l-difem, designed and rolled out for use
Wifif5 standard, achieves lfem, lnabank, l-pamif et al.
Integrating home-grown ipd filter 5g communications sub-6ghz frequency bina
i-pamif, ifem to launch relevant module products such as wifi6
Precise connection module products, completed on multiple clients and started sending samples to customers.
4. Valuation assumptions and investment recommendation 4.1. Profit projection assumptions and business segmentation.
Operations and other operations, of which: (1) Radio frequency separation devices: the company ' s radio frequency separation devices are divided into radio frequency switches, radio frequency low-noise amplifiers, radio frequency filters and radio frequency magnifiers.
More mature, both have excellent market shares and customer outreach; filters and power amplifiers are mostly in integrated form in the module, and the filters, although mostly self-produced, rarely produce dual- and four-workers alone. RF separation devices accounted for 72.34 per cent, 67.75 per cent and 61.99 per cent of company revenues in 2021-2023, respectively, representing an increase of 72.34 per cent, 67.75 per cent and 61.99 per cent, respectively.
Soft and market competition. The consumer electronics sector is now recovering and is expected to be the main engine for the future rise in the separate instruments business, and companies will maintain stability in terms of the volume of goods they will deliver through the introduction and cost optimization of new processes (such as the lna of the sige process); and, given the increased competition in the market and the downward pressure on product prices caused by product technology.
(2) Radio frequency (RF) module operations: The company currently has radio frequency (RF) modules dominated by receiving end models and is divided into lnabank, lfem, and filter modules (difem and l-difem, where l-difem account for a higher proportion).
The launch-end module, i-patid, is a “beauty-type” product that needs to be broken at the front end of the country's radio frequency, has made significant progress from “0” to “1” and is in the engineering sample phase, which may form a new growth curve for the company after 2025. Most of the filters that are now integrated in the module are self-produced, and the company's core is six.
The inchsaw filter line produced 1 w/month with a maximum monthly capacity of 8 k/month in 2023, and the manufacturer's own brand max-saw filter will be integrated into i-difem and l-patid and it is hoped that, with its autonomous control, it will be possible to take the lead in opening the company's own business.
The importance of future radio frequency (RF) modules will increase as communications are upgraded, and given the positive and forward layout of the company's radio frequency (RF) modules, as well as the huge national production replacement space in the market, we expect the company's 2024-2026 radio frequency (RF) (3) other operations: other company operations include low-power bluetooth microcontrols, ip authorizations and services, and entitlement money
The related revenue, which is smaller than the company's gross revenue, is based mainly on product expansion based on customer demand, and the revenue rate is 2021-2023. We also have projections based on business splitting: (1) on external factors, the consumer electronics industry is now recovering and low-end mature production at the front end of the domestic radio frequency
The high level of competition in the commodity market has led to price pressure on the product, and the share of some of the separation devices will gradually be squeezed by the arrays due to trends in the radio frequency industry; (2) on the internal factors, the share of the corporate module products will gradually rise, the company core line is currently in the climb phase, the cost advantages of short-term autonomous controls will not be highlighted in the next two phases, and the spread of depreciation of the front core line will continue.
However, with the dominant size of the company, the overall layout of the product and the first breakthrough in high-end products, the Māori rate is still far better than that of the same industry. We expect the company to be 2024 – given that the company’s main business is at the front end of the radio frequency and is at the forefront of the industry, we choose the cutting edge.
As of June 27, the average of the comparable companies in 2024-2026 was 57, 32 and 24 times the average. Given the company’s leading role in the radio frequency industry, some of its operations are at a global lead level, and in the context of the recovery in demand for downstream consumer electronics and the accelerated replacement of national production, we look forward to the company’s long term.
For the first time, a "buy-in" rating was given. The company was in the lead in the field at the front end of the radio frequency, with product coverage covering various types of radio frequency separation devices, as well as receiving and launching end radio frequency modules, and was expanding new product lines to benefit from the age trend of national production substitution, and given the growth of the company, we believe that the company is expected to enjoy a higher valuation level.
1) The risks associated with the import of products by the customer are not as high as expected: the company ' s l-pamid module product is currently in the engineering sample phase, and products such as difem, l-difem, which are integrated into the home-grown filter, are already in the customer-to-product import phase, if future production volumes of the company ' s products and imports are not as fast as expected, or have a negative impact on the company ' s performance.
2) Downstream demand is less than expected: downstream applications of corporate products are mainly mobile smart terminals, and consumer electronic demand is now warming, if demand recovers less than expected, or has a negative impact on company performance. 3) The risk of increased competition in the market: the front end of the radio frequency market is dominated by US-Japan firms, and domestic manufacturers are actively pursuing it.
Seeking national production space, market competition patterns are at risk of worsening or adversely affecting companies.
The roic series, which uses legally compliant data, carefully presents its findings and produces the present report independently and objectively, does not have any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.