Rocks and technology (688169.sh) recovered high growth in their own brand q2, driving up H1 performance supermarkets expected to return to high growth on 31st of August, 2020. As a result of low profitability, the share of rice brand revenues continued to decline, despite corporate collections.
Decline, but return to high growth of 2020h1 with net profit of 460 million (+19.42 per cent), 2020q2 with net profit of 335 million (+34.42 per cent) and ring increase of 165.87 per cent, taking into account the company's continued increase in its own product promotion and promotion, promotion of its own channels of construction, and substantial reserves of research and development projects, including commercial land sweep robots
The expansion of product lines is expected to create a new profit growth point for the sustainable development of the company. Keeping the profit forecast constant, with a rise in the price of brand-scaved robots, pushing for an overall increase in the income of the brand as a whole.
The company sold 9,657 million sweep robots, generating revenues of $1,702 million, of which its own brand sweep machine is looking forward: active expansion of new product categories, increased brand promotion, continued overseas development of its own channels, product end, continuous enrichment of the company's product types, and the company's current inventory of projects, including commercial sweepers
It is hoped that a new profit growth point will be created for the sustainable development of the company.
Promulgation, binding of core employee interests - 2020.8.1; in the area of market promotion, companies continue to work in depth with various power-market platforms, and the distribution of products.
At the end of the pipeline, companies have significantly increased their ability to take advantage of potential market size and high value for money products, and are expected to continue to build global distribution networks, focusing on the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia.
Promotion - 2020.5.21 To influence the Mi brand, the ownership brand is less affected -2020.4.29
1. End of income: 2020q2 returns to high growth of its own brand income
2019h1 is consistent (US$ 200 million), and the rice brands have lost revenues of 2020h1 and 2020q2 on a year-on-year basis, while 2020h1 own brand sweeper robots have achieved a very high price. 2020h1 sold 965660 ground sweep robots, resulting in sales revenue of US$ 17,063,300, of which the owner brand sweeper robots sold 752980.
The sales and average prices of self-owned brand sweep robots increased by 12 per cent and 6.71 per cent, respectively, from 2019h1.2 Profitability: net gross interest rates rose significantly, costs were well regulated. Māori sales by companies steadily increased by 48.88 per cent in 2020h1 compared to 2019h1
This is due to an increase in the ratio of brand brands of stone to a high Māori ratio, as shown in figure 2: 2020h1 Māori to 48.88%, and higher cost inputs from companies.
Expanding the market, both within and outside the country, resulting in the corresponding extension and platform fees and corresponding increases in labour costs, as well as in research and development inputs for new products, resulting in an increase in the number and remuneration of research and development personnel. (4) The financial cost rate is between 1.54 pct and -1.46 per cent lower than the same period in the previous year.
As a result of the continuing decline in the share of low-profit rice brand revenues, the profits of millions of yuan (+19.42 per cent), despite a decline in corporate revenue, have increased interest on deposits.
The return of interest income results in a 12.67 per cent increase in net profit from the same year for 2020h1. Given that companies buy structured deposits that result in a 393.39 per cent increase in transactional financial assets on the same basis, we revert to interest collections from financial costs, a 12.67 per cent increase in net profit from the same period for the return of 2020h1.
3. Operational capacity: good inventory, accounts receivable and net cash flow from operating activities, lower rice brand ratios, resulting in an increase in company inventory swing days. The 2020h1 stock turnover days were 61.85 days, an increase of 24.97 days from 2019h1, mainly a decline in rice brands in the “sales” model
The number of working days of accounts receivable was reduced and the structure of the accounts receivable was rationalized. 18.46 days of working days of accounts receivable for company 2020h1, representing a decrease of 16.53 days from 209h1, mainly due to a decrease in accounts receivable for millet. • Days of working days of accounts receivable (days)
Net cash flows from operating activities have increased significantly. Increases in gross proceeds from period sales and in the balance of advance receipts have been added to the net cash flows from operating activities of 2020h1 amount to $860 million, an increase of 62.82 per cent over the same period. Figure 9: Increases in cash flows from operating activities of 2020h1 by 62.82 per cent over the same period
4. Future outlook: A sustained push through its own channels, with new product-based business sweepers seeking 4.1, increasing branding and promotion, raising product visibility. In the domestic market, companies continue to enrich product types and achieve product coverage of price segments.
On the other hand, the company has continued to increase its own branding and promotion and has tried to collaborate with the country ' s more well-known polytheistic programmes; on the other hand, it has continued to work in depth with various power-market platforms in marketing.
With regard to overseas markets, companies focus on the United States, Europe, Europe, 4.2, and the expansion of their own channels, using potential market size and high value for money products.
The network of distribution channels is beginning to work, and in the future it will focus on developing local markets in the United States, Europe, South-East Asia, etc., and gradually establishing local branches and offices in overseas markets. Companies have now set up 4.3 extension categories in the United States, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, etc.
According to the semi-annual report of 2020, the company has completed the development of core technology such as high-precision laser radar mapping and positioning technology, visual programme barriers, intelligent navigation and path planning for commercial cleaning robots, self-cleaning tow robots, iiot platforms, etc.) and is working with clients on advanced products
Tests. Future products are expected to be used in shopping malls, large supermarkets, office buildings, etc. We believe that the expansion of commercial land-cleaning robotic product lines is expected to create new profit growth points for company sustainable development. 2) Currently, “Automated waste-recycling towing robots” have completed the project and started the architecture design.
The one-stop machine is expected to solve the waste disposal problem in the dust box after the sweeper robotics and to increase the single-time use of the filtering material. 3) The stone iot platform system has completed a phase of functional development and has been released online, and there are currently two ground sweepers
Stone technology is one of the leading players in the country’s land-scruising robotics industry, companies’ own branding of domestic markets continues to rise, and global distribution networks from overseas channels are beginning to show results.
The expansion of commercial clearing robotic product lines, which are expected to create new profit growth points for the sustainable development of companies, can be facilitated by extensive, well-established and well-stocked research and development projects. The epidemic affects end-to-end retail data, with industry penetration rates below expectations.