The daily availability of drilling platforms has reached 80 per cent, and the volume of marine oil uniforms (60108.sh) has increased the company's performance.
Liu Lanjing published its semi-annual report for 2019, which generated a revenue of 135 million yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 66.6 per cent in the same year; and a net profit of 973 million yuan in the return to the mother.
(i) Technology panel: significant growth in volume of business and revenue, proportional to the increase in capital spending by global hydrocarbon companies in the first half of 2019, and increasing bidding
The recovery of the industry has led to a significant increase in the volume of company oil field technical services, which has led to a marked increase in demand for exploration and development, particularly off the coast of China, and a recovery in the oil field services market.
The plate generated $6,631 million, representing an increase of 94.8 per cent in the same year, representing 48.9 per cent of total revenue, the company’s first largest current business. Companies increased their R & D investment, and there was a breakthrough in the application of garment technology.
The cost of R & D was $276 million, an increase of 17.7 per cent over the same period. With constant corporate input, oil field technology services have made a breakthrough in the application of technology products, gained broad client recognition in the opening of international markets and succeeded in winning Indonesia, Thailand, Myanmar, Ghana.
(ii) Drilling of wells and shipboard plates: the daily utilization of drilling platforms has increased as compared to average daily income
The availability rate was 80 per cent per day, with self-incented drilling platforms using 10.1 per cent per day, and the company took advantage of the opportunity to increase domestic production and distribution. Demand increased in the offshore market in China.
By the end of June, the company operated and managed 52 platforms (38 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 semi-submarine platforms), 32 of which were operating in China’s maritime areas.
Ten are operating in the moving international area, nine platforms are on standby, and one is being dragged, while the volume of work performed on its own vessels has remained stable and the volume of work on its charters has increased. In the first half of the year, the ship services business was generating 1,441 million yuan, an increase of 15.9 per cent, of which the company owns it.
The fleet operated for a total of 15,438 days, an increase of 3.6 per cent in the same year and an increase in its utilization rate of 94.8 per cent; the fleet operated with a larger increase of 6,805 days, an increase of 45.8 per cent in the same year; and the collection and engineering services generated revenues of 999 million yuan, an increase of 105.3 per cent, mainly from surveying, collection and submarine cables.
Increased operating income. Of this amount, the 2D collection operation was 15,404 km, a decrease of 4.3 per cent from the same year, owing to the conversion of the area across international seas; and the 3D collection workload of 17,718 km2, an increase of 11.9 per cent from the same year, mainly due to the recovery of the market, with the sector closely connected: the cable operation was driven by an increase in the out-renting of 702 km2, an increase of 146.3 per cent.
(iii) The year-round growth in revenue collection and performance is expected to continue at a rapid pace, with a global investment in upstream exploration and exploitation of $472.1 billion in 2019, compared with $408.3 million in 2018, capital expenditure by the Global Hydrocarbons Company and overall regulations for the oilfield services industry in the second half of 2019
Companies are expected to maintain their current relatively high workloads, and their collection and performance will remain on a fast-growing trend. International crude oil prices fluctuated significantly in 2018, but marine oil and gas exploration and exploitation have entered the recovery path, particularly with respect to domestic exploration and development, for a significant increase.
We look forward to the future of China’s marine oil and gas suit markets, and the company’s revenue collection and performance as a domestic marine oil and gas service leader is expected to continue its rapid growth trend. We expect a sharp drop in crude oil prices and policy risks for overseas project implementation.