The company issued its mid-term report for 2019, which achieved business income of $13.563 billion, a year-on-year increase during the reporting period.
In the first half of the year, the company leased four self-upgrading platforms, self-upgraded, owing to the huge push to ensure domestic energy security for investment in offshore hydrocarbons.
US$ million per day; companies still need to expand the number of leased platforms owing to the slow recovery of international maritime operations, the availability of semi-submarine drilling platforms for daily use, the increase in the number of leased platforms and the build-up of the platform for the second half of the year
In order to achieve the goal of ensuring domestic energy security, the scale of operations is expected to continue to grow, and the increased utilization of existing platforms will continue to reduce amortization costs and indirectly raise average daily costs. The “two-50%” target has been largely achieved, with valuations closer to integrated service providers.
The same growth rate of 94.8% was $6.63 billion, exceeding the operating income of the drilling plates by $4.49 billion, plus $1.44 billion in ship services. The technology-based model separated the company from overseas platform service providers such as offshore drilling, enscorowan, and valued it towards overseas integrated oil-field service providers, such as those in the field.
The company benefited from an increase in domestic investment in energy security, and was in the context of the recovery of international offshore hydrocarbon investment at 28 West and West Side.
There's a sharp drop in the demand for internationally produced oil, and the HONG-Seng building on the land's mouth is 1000, and Fukuda's is free of charge on the 6th.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Test Zone, 17th Floor, China Sea International Center, 17th Floor.
The company (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) is a client. The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, and has no direct business relationship with the company.
This report is prepared on the basis of information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information.
The opinions, assessments, and projections contained in the report are the only points of view and judgement that are available on the date of issuance of this report, and are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments, and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values and investment revenues of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report may fluctuate.
The company is not obliged to update the information contained in this report to all recipients. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice, and the investors should follow up with the relevant updates or modifications.
The company seeks to report objectively and impartially, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only, not as an invitation or guarantee for the purchase or sale of securities or the subject matter of their investments. The views, recommendations, etc. do not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial position and specific needs of the persons to be obtained from the report, and consult with any professional financial consultant in the financial, tax and other fields. The company ' s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not predict the accuracy of this report and this document.
The company and the author shall not bear all the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.