Events: The company published a 2020 performance report, which is expected to be operational throughout the year, with a significant recovery in pig production, maintaining a high climate and growing pig farming.
The company’s basics (update) are 1.340 billion yuan, an increase of 106.47 per cent over the previous year.
Aquaculture generated revenues of $421 million, an increase of 102.4 per cent, compared with $674 million, an increase of more than 90 per cent. According to the semi-annual report, the cost of scale farming can be reduced by one.
To boost the Māori rate, while increasing the revenue ratio of this block, the project will continue to grow steadily, and the feed business will grow robustly.
The 240,000-ton feed project, the 240,000-ton-year feed project, the Huaian Sea project, the 200,000-ton-year feed project and the 400,000-ton-year feed project, we've been able to determine that this year's growth in the birth of pigs will be maintained at a higher level, adding up to the company's base.
With improved production capacity, the company’s feed plate will continue to perform as a robust growth force, with expected risks; the new crown epidemic affecting logistics transport risks.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.