Main battalion operations maintained overall growth and performance was in line with expectations (002311.sz)
• Corporate performance is in line with expectations, with major industries maintaining a high rate of “buy-in” ratings, with China Group issuing a 2020 fast-track performance report of $60,484 million (+27.03 per cent) of corporate operating income and $2.500 billion (+51.61 per cent) of net profit for mothers, of which we expect the contribution of pig-bearing operations
Roughly 500 million yuan, and the non-pig business generated a profit of about 2 billion yuan, an increase of nearly 30% in the same year. Corporate feed, seedlings, motor security, pig farming, etc., grew across the board, with a total annual export of about 14.7 million tons of feed (+19.61%) and a rise of about 900,000 pigs, an increase of about 34% in the same year.
In view of the higher motivation of future pig farming, the company is expected to benefit fully from the second half of the pig cycle, while the aquatic sector is expected to enjoy a high temperature, the volume of water feed sold is expected to grow at a high rate, the product structure continues to be optimized and the growth in the special aquatic products with a high rate of Maori is expected to increase.
The downstream refill column is highly motivated, and the recovery of pigs is accelerating. In 2020, the price of pig feed was recordly high, with an average annual price of $34.01 per kilogram, an increase of 55.87 per cent over the year.
Annual fertilizer demand is expected to increase significantly, and the company pigs will recover rapidly.
Corporate Information Update - Three Quarterlys is slightly ahead of schedule, and prices of products continue to rise. The supply-side import blockage effect will continue in 2021, and demand will continue to rise back with domestic production of water and pigs.
With the steady control of the new coronary epidemic, demand in the catering sector is expected to recover, the aquatic industry has recovered, the aquaculture sector has grown, and the sheathing has increased, leading to an increase in the sale of company water feed. In terms of product structure, the share of high-end inflatables has continued to expand.
Large, or improved rates of Maori in aquatic materials. Wave break, operations side by side - 2020.7.28