The digital transformation has been very effective.
Food drinks, white wines, and Wei Li Wenhua.
On March 12, 2023-2024, a conference on the recognition and marketing of annual dealers in the old cellars of the state was held at the Cedar Command Centre of the state of San Francisco, under the theme "Sweet Fragrance 700 Years, Together in a Boat; Strike Fourteen Five, Together".
(c) The market strategy, which is still dominated by “storage,” continues to push for regional sinking and terminal expansion. While the management of excellence supports the company’s continued growth, the pace of opening the door is good in the quarter.
Since spring, the feedback on popular price demand has been relatively good, and the market has been more cautious about business demand and so on, leading to a disagreement over the actual sales of the cellar series. From open-door data, the cellar series has been able to start better at order-making, marketing, and inventory, laying a good foundation for the year’s performance. We believe that companies may be expected to smooth demand fluctuations through their own superior managerial capacity: 1) the channel structure of the cellar series, the dealerships.
In contrast to the traditional business model, which is more of a “circumstance” model, companies can tap demand through the finer operation of a single-point market; and (2) companies or more through “well-drilling” new and larger terminals, so there may be end-emplification growth. In our view, in 2023, the old cellars of Luang County pre-empted the industry’s adjustment of their own growth factors, with obvious effects in terms of digital reform and submerging market demand, etc., were implemented by companies in 2024.
The 14th Five-Year Plan, a crucial year for the period of opportunity, continues to look at the continuing success of corporate management endowments, the distribution of profits through digital tools, the steady improvement of price system stability, and, at the digital level, the 2023 Corporate Whole System promoted a five-yard linkage with a clean-down fee-paying system, with a national distribution network increasing by the same amount.
Three times as long, or hopefully, to upgrade from push-driven traditional marketing models to pull-based digital marketing models. In practical terms, the price system stability of the cellar series has increased significantly, with a marked improvement in the rate of out-of-area sweeps, run-off rates, end-of-life earnings, etc. So, in 2024, with a weak recovery in demand, we kept in mind that companies, through flexible channel strategies and fine-tuning controls, were better able to protect channels and end-of-life with digitalization.
At the end of the spectrum, there is a balance between “growth-cost-price” and “price-plate.” The market strategy, which is still dominated by “storage,” continues to push regional sinking and end-empowerment.
In 2024, with a demand-like “l” recovery, companies either continued to build 10 billion south-west, 10 billion watts of North Grain Markets, boost submersion in regional markets and channel terminal expansion, and speed up the promotion of specialized shops with 2.0 shops, alcohol testing companies “storage” and regional precision.
The central monolithic channel’s profit protection is expected to win during the adjustment period for the industry in the current round. The investment proposal is: to keep an eye on the company’s countercyclical ability to operate, to maintain a “buy-in” rating, and demand recovery less than expected; increased competition; and policy risks.
" The Cemetery (000568.sz)-Autumn Harvest Plan is well under way, management of merit highlights " - 2023-09-28 Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future