Events and core observations: 12 March, the company convened an annual marketing conference to work for 2024.
Deployment, with emphasis on regional tillage, sunk channels, accelerated consumer market expansion, and, in the light of recent multi-channel feedback, we believe that the spring cold has not hidden the pantry business, and that the company ' s high-cover, high-infiltration, high-open bottle marketing breakthroughs continue to work as a follow-up to the high-end alcohol price recovery.
During the summer of 2024, companies managed to adjust prices flexibly, pushing for a return of about 40% in the cellar channel, returning to faster levels than in previous years.
After the festival, the stock of feedback was deconstructed more quickly, with estimates of an increase of about 20 per cent in the overall sales of the national cellar spring festival, a higher-than-average projected increase in the region such as north-west China and south-west China, with annual conferences, gifts, drinks, business events and so forth being repaired as well; and a sustained increase in corporate end-sunking and consumer openings in recent years.
In 2023, the company moved from a strategic period to a strategic one, focusing on “deeper reform, focused breakthroughs, digital empowerment, full-scale attacks.”
During the offensive, on the one hand, through Operation Spring Thunder, Operation Autumn Harvest, Well Work, the Five-Screen System, which strengthens terminals, sinkes and fosters marketing, and, on the other hand, promotes the full-scale uplinking of five-coded products, the digitalization system will empower companies through precision marketing of brand names, market order control, supply chain management, etc., will be implemented in 2024.
Further enhancement of the deployment of regional tillage, sunk channels, expansion and stereoclinic construction: 1) Area tillage: the goal of construction will be firmly set at 103,000, double 124, with high coverage, high penetration, high opening bottles as the core of a regional market breakthrough. 2) Channel sinking: full downfall of county towns and villages will be pushed
In the third quarter of 2023, we went into the base market and built the "10 billion Sichuan". 3)
Division 2.0, Implementation of the Channel Augmentation Project and the Annual Strategic Retailer's Selection. (4) Channel Stereotyping: Systemic execution of the Catering Channel 124 project, acceleration of the promotion of the marketing of 2.0 special stores, special promotion of new and emerging channels such as content electricians, trades, specialties, etc.
The main line is "Bond brands, three systems, big singles," and "Standards of Penang" (000568); mid-2023. The company's multipriced products are expected to move in tandem in 2024. 1) The cellar is still the main 1573.
Q: q2 earnings are over-expected, and the country’s cellar is sunk in the market. Growth driven by growth, it is expected that initiatives such as sweep red bags, 13 million dollars, double 124 works will continue to be forced, with no major price adjustments planned to match consumer demand with more pragmatic price-based measures.
The first line of products focuses on the old man, receives annual public consumption dividends, achieves rapid growth, and now earns more than $1 billion in single income, and gives a profit forecast and investment rating: the company is selling over the 24-year spring season, playing for follow-up sales.
Under a solid foundation, the cellar is expected to grow faster throughout the year, low- and medium-end products are expected to generate dynamic energy gains, and Dong Oo Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has become eligible for portfolio investment consultancy.