On March 12, the company held an annual marketing recognition and marketing conference, which is expected to be successful throughout the year 2023.
In 2023, the company moved from a strategic preparation period to a strategic offensive, and made several advances in its operations: 1) on the market, 2023, the company's regional market ladders across the country.
The development pattern is robust, with effective terminal coverage of more than 1 million homes throughout the year, strong market edges in south-west and north-west China, high growth in the east of the country, a successful surge in opportunities and empty markets, and an annual membership activity rate of more than 60 per cent: 3), sales of the national cellars of 1573 and Penang State brands.
Full-scale entry to the five-yard system (i.e., product pallet, box code, box code, bottle code and inside code five-yard connection, which facilitates the binding of channel relationships and enhances dealer motivation and repayment efficiency), and total sales have made historic breakthroughs, showing a good momentum in terms of volume increases.
According to the wine industry, in 2023, the five-yard scavenging rate of products at the end of consumption exceeded 25 per cent, with an average of over 100,000 bottles per day, and, with the support of the five-yard system, during the spring of 2024, all the products in the salves were sold at the same price for four industries.
For the first time in the adjustment cycle. Currently, 1573 batches are priced at around 870-875, up from late February, with channels in stock for about two and a half months, taking into account the low-consumption season after the festival, stock performance is more comprehensive than field coverage, the company's entire product system is dynamic, the major product series goes hand-in-hand, the core products go hand-in-hand.
The price plate will be more stable and will enhance confidence in the channel, optimize the alignment of the interests of the manufacturer, increase the ratio further by 27 per cent, and will be judged to exceed the business target throughout the year; on a single quarter, taking into account the delay in spring season and the cost of sprinting the door, increase the performance of 23q4 or a slight slowdown over the previous three quarters.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.