In the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $8.65 billion, an increase of 27.28 per cent, and a net return to the mother.
According to Zhang Yinsheng, the company produced 23.7 million tyres in the first half of the year, an increase of 31.99 per cent in the same year, and sales of 22.6 million tyres, an increase of 26.6 per cent in the same year.
On the one hand, in terms of raw material prices, the prices of natural rubber have risen significantly since the fourth quarter of 2020, with the prices of natural rubber increasing by 31 per cent in the first quarter of 2021, on average, by $14725 per ton.
The delay in the lead-up period for the procurement of tyre raw materials and the increase in the price of downstream products has resulted in two quarters of industry-wide pressure. On the other hand, from the point of view of exports, international shipping costs have risen sharply as the epidemic affected the efficiency of the port and the overall growth in Chinese exports, and as of 27 August 2021, China is out.
In addition to the increase of 240% over the same period, the increase in freight costs has put pressure on exports of Chinese tyres, on the one hand, and the shortage of containers, on the other, has affected the volume of exports to some extent.
In the first half of the 2021 race, the same income and profits increased by more than two digits, leading the tires, under the multiple pressures of raw material costs, export freight charges, and a rebound.
At the same time, we believe that the price of natural rubber has fallen significantly in May, and that the shipping factor is mainly short-term and does not affect the logic of long-term high-speed growth of companies!
The Wheel Speed Lead Industry, Shenyang 3.3 million full steel tires, early delivery. 2020.11 Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In the second quarter of 2021, apart from the price of raw materials and the high cost of freight,
In addition to these factors, the double counter-tax rate imposed by the United States on semi-steroids in South-East Asia has put a lot of pressure on Chinese tyre companies’ overseas plants. In May 2021, the United States Department of Commerce published the final double counter-tax decision for products in South-East Asia and the region concerned, in which the anti-dumping rate was:
14.72% - 27.05%, Thailand 14.62% - 21.09%, Taiwan Region of China 20.04% - 101.84%, Viet Nam 0% - 22.27% (of which the anti-dumping rate of the Viet Nam company was 0 in the race wheel); Viet Nam 6.23% - 7.89% (of which the Viet Nam company in the race wheels were
6.23%. The advantage of trade barriers is highlighted by the fact that the Vietnamese region where the company is located has the lowest tax rate for this round of counter-investigation. Moreover, since the second quarter, the overall price of tyres sold in the US market has risen, further reducing the impact of the double-investigation on the company’s Vietnamese factory.
Since 2021, the company has been investing in three stages of construction in Viet Nam while accelerating the construction of a second plant outside the territory of Viet Nam. As of the semi-annual announcement in 2021, the company was reporting three issues (3.5 million steel) in Viet Nam.
One million steels, 50,000 non-roads) are proposed to invest 3 billion yuan, 570 million yuan, Cambodia project (9 million and a half steel tyres) is proposed to invest 2,289 million yuan, 540 million yuan, projects are planned, projects are set to move forward, and corporate competitiveness in overseas factories will be highlighted!
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect companies to earn business income in 2021-2023 to reach risk factors: 1; the risk that new production capacity will not materialize as expected 2 and that rubber prices will fluctuate significantly.3 The risk of continued maritime stress.
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March, China formally joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the chemical industry, in the petrochemical industry and in the basic chemical industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.