Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco Five grain fluids: q2 income profits in double digits and further increase in price certainty
In the context of controlled goods, steady growth in the second quarter alone and a return to normal consumer tax rates, the pace of growth has slowed within expectations, with total equity/flow (million shares) in the context of the traditional channels controlling the price of goods during the second quarter.
A double-digit increase in profits is hard to achieve. In combination with the growth of other brands of white wine, the company actively controls the price in terms of the total market value/flow (million dollars) and the current low price and channel level of inventory at the P5 level.
The decrease was slower in the case of the five-food fluids (000858), " Five-food fluids: income gains, tax and surcharge rates of 13.86 per cent for the second quarter of the year " , a decline of 0.39 pct over the same period, with the consumption tax level of 3,348 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 10.9 per cent in the first half of the year.
It is almost even, and it can be seen that with the gradual elimination of the effects of the epidemic and the return to normal production rhythms, and the introduction of rules to deal with them in a practical manner, the consumer tax rate has returned to normal levels.
Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-A-Five-Five-Five-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
The sales rate of 70.71 per cent in the second quarter alone, an increase of 0.52 pct in the same year, was judged to be mainly due to the higher price of five tons of wine in the lower calibre than in the same period last year, and to the fact that high-end alcohol performed better than the series as a whole, leading to structural improvements.
Cost increases such as site development of 16.5 per cent, exceeding the increase in alcohol revenues, mainly due to the steady growth in the epidemic and the introduction of end markets such as post-occupancy recovery consumption, enhanced brand promotion and climate creation, resulting in lower sales rates in the second quarter alone or due to quarterly confirmations of costs
At the same time, the recognition of management costs is also the case. Income tax for the second quarter of a single quarter is also the result of a double-digit increase in income profits for q2 and a further increase in price certainty and in the share of gains and losses for minority shareholders, combining a net interest rate of 31.44 per cent for q2 sales.
iii. The decline in advance receipts and receivables compared to the end of the quarter, when the performance was impressive, was $1.15 billion less at the end of the quarter. The decrease in advance receipts was related to the reduction in the volume of dynamic redeployment of traditional channels tasks in the context of the epidemic and the slower pace of repayments; receivables + receivables + receivables + $12,355 million,
The net operating cash flow of $2,370 million in the second quarter alone, a significant increase of $1,931 million over the same period, was due mainly to: (1) the early spring season, which resulted in larger returns in the fourth quarter of the previous year; and (2) the payment of deferred taxes during the reporting period, resulting in net cash outflows.
Based on the objectivity and quality of the reported response from the company as a whole, the consumer tax rate and sales costs are returning to normal business faster than any other company. The epidemic has affected a steady growth of the five grains, with a strong resilience.
As a result, the five grains are also in the forefront of other brands across the country, reflecting strong corporate brands that respond quickly and dynamically to market changes. q2 has taken the initiative to control stock prices, focusing on channel adjustments, and reducing traditional distribution quotas to group shopping channels.
We see a steady multi-layered approach to group purchasing. Five batches are gradually raised to $970, and in the second half of the year, in the context of the overall reduction in the number of traditional channel tasks and the further recovery of demand, we see a strong price after mid-autumn.
The month's super-high-end Ming Dynasty is sold in a limited quantity of fluids, brand values are returning to visualization, and it is expected that the super-high-end 501,500 grain fluids, as well as the higher-than-op-five classic version of five, will be officially marketed in the course of the year. This year, companies are also using digital wine certificates to explore the development of P5 finance.
A series of wines has completed three national strategies: the upgrading of brand new products, and the full marketing of new products, especially the most sophisticated ones, which we expect to achieve in the first half of the year, and the ability of companies to meet double-digit growth targets and maintain the pace of growth in the next two years.
In order to get out of the past price dilemma and increase certainty, there are still a number of actions worth following: q2 revenue double-digit growth and further improvement in price certainty, looking forward to giving companies 40 times the size of next year, taking into account the current general liquidity easing context.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.