In the first half of 2020, 30.8 billion dollars were collected, an increase of 13.3 per cent.
Net gain of $10.86 billion, an increase of 16.3 per cent, with an increase of $2.80 per share, with the same increase in alcohol income, including the semi-annual review of the 2020 LSD.
In June of this year, the prices of the products were raised from $789 to $889, and the price of 1h20 rose by 13% on a year-on-year basis. It may be stronger, raising the propensity of dealers to pay for the goods. (2) Faced with the major impact of the epidemic on the consumer landscape and consumption habits, companies have systematically introduced a series of stable market and growth policies.
Measures to implement a “triple loss” marketing strategy, retail loss group buys, offline loss lines, and old product losses. (3) 1h20 identifies higher advance payments, contractual liabilities and their outstanding drinking advantages under the epidemic, and is likely to meet the 2020 double-digit growth target.
In 2019, the company continued to evolve and did a lot of basic work, including the branding department at Headquarters, reform, completion of regional flattening and functional pre-reforms, establishment of digital marketing systems, introduction of control board profit models, and these reforms continue to work.
According to the Department's research, the company combines the impact of the epidemic on businesses, based on accurate data from the channels, and optimizes the current level of traditional business plans, mainly targeting classic five-food fluids, five-food fluids, and 39-degree-five-food fluids. The company will focus on new retailing and group purchasing.
Quality new distribution channels, formal launch of the block chain-based technology “Digital Wine” trading platform with the new wave to compensate for the volume of plans adjusted in the first half of the year, although the concrete results still need to be seen, considering that the five grains are at an upward stage in their business cycle and are known as wine, and five grains.
The impact of the epidemic is higher than expected in the first quarter of the year. Channel stock is higher. The price volatility in the huts affects the price system.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing