q2 cash flows have improved significantly, growing steadily throughout the year, and the research assistant Song Young-man has steadily increased his income, with the upward trend in the average price of five batches unchanged. The company achieved a revenue of 30,768 million in 20h1.
Liquor revenues of $28,167 million (+10.81 per cent), according to the feedback received from sources, during the epidemic, companies took control of the goods, manufacturers released them at the end-scan rate, and high-end five-food fluids grew mainly on the basis of a ton price increase; while the public-sector series of wines increased by 25 per cent more in the first half of the year than high-end alcohol.
Good price measures during the relationship, while ensuring good inventory control, have led to steady upscaling of prices through the issuance of minimum/group purchase prices, the creation of 501 image products, and the strengthening of terminal core controls.
In May, the company set up a new retail management company, which, in addition to its own business town, is fine-tuning its management of online distributors.
▪ Performance meets expectations and q2 cash flows have improved significantly. The company achieved a net return of $10,855 million (+16.28%) for 20h1 and a net return of $3,151 million (+10.16%) for 20q2. (Same increase of 0.72 pct) The growth of Māori is expected to be high-end alcohol prices and product structure optimization (gins)
The Māori rate for class operations is the result of an increase of 2.11 pct) and the impact of tax rates.
Tax revenue affected tax expenditure, but the net cash flow ratio for business activity of 20o2 improved significantly, to 2, Five Grain fluids (000858): change mitigation needs and continuous release of reform dividends
The company has been actively engaged in “second entrepreneurship” reforms since 17 years in response to product, channel and price system failures, and in 20 years it has been deeply reformed and sophisticated management measures have been in place. Five batches of prices have been renewed since the epidemic.
In addition to increasing the power of the channel, which is expected to stand at thousands of dollars in the future, there is a potential to attract high-quality resources to join in a gaped area, which is now running out of time. In addition, the company plans to further consolidate branding by offering more than $2,000 products in the future.
In the medium-to-long term, continued improvements in the company’s channels and product-ends below brand barriers are expected to lead to a shift in the valuation hub. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Stock Company Limited has a portfolio investment advisory.