The dividends of corporate reform were released on 28 August 2020, with sufficient long-term development potential to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
With $3.15 billion, compared to 10.2 per cent in 2020, the company responded to the epidemic with precision, active response, reforms and reforms, reforms will continue, and reforms will continue: the company will lead the big development group to buy in late June, and the series is now largely combed, and the recovery will be more resilient. We see the company's potential for long-term development and maintain it.
• The high end five fluids have increased their prices and the q2 sales revenue has increased in double digits, and we've judged that the q2 high end five fluids have increased their income by more than 10%. The series of liquor has not been fully sold, the product system, the marketing process is still being streamlined, and it is estimated that the increase has been lower than the overall rate since the second quarter.
A series of sound market and growth policy measures have been introduced to capture consumer demand, further contributing to a steady and sustained rise in market prices and high-quality sales.
The company ' s advance collection ring decreased by $1.1 billion at the end of the second quarter, mainly because of higher returns from distributors at the beginning of the year, the build-up of the company ' s reduction of its traditional channel quotas at the end of June, and the decrease in repayments from distributors at the end of the second quarter. As a result of the cash receivable, which was converted into cash from discounted and receivables financing, q2 received cash from sales of 15.9 billion yuan, an increase of 55.1 per cent.
Net operating cash flow of $2.37 billion, an increase of 439.5 per cent over the same period. * Māori rate and cost rate of 2020q2 have not changed much and net interest rates have remained almost equal.
A 70.7% Māori ratio of 2020q2 increased by 0.5 pct over the same period, assuming that the main cause should be an increase in the ratio of high-end liquid wine to high-end liquid wine.Back on track, the change dividend ' s continued release -2020.5.28 q2 sales rate decreased by 0.5 pct to 13.82% over the same period, which should be part of the cost to be settled in a quarter;
The rate of increase is largely in line with the rate of income growth.