• High-quality development, with a high degree of certainty in double-digit growth throughout the year - mid-2020 food fluids (000858) reported: mid-2020 food fluids were released and 30.768 billion yuan was collected in the first half of the year, compared with 13.32 per cent;
q2 performances remained robust and product structures were optimized Māori ratio of +2.11 pct to 80.27 per cent, lower end-of-the-state alcohol under the epidemic was less affected, product structure slightly increased net interest rates, cash flow equals q2 and the ring significantly improved
In the first half of the year, the company ' s Māori rate was 74.54%, compared to +0.72pt, with a small increase in Māori due mainly to the high structure of the product and Oyangwu sword. In terms of cost rates, the tax and surcharge rate was 13.51%, compared to -0.54pt, mainly based on consumption tax deductions.
0.40 pct, with a small increase in the cost of sales, mainly due to the company’s market inputs, such as steady growth in the epidemic and a return to re-consumption, enhanced branding and climate creation.
In the medium and long term, the benefits of the channel reform dividend are gradually released.
The company will move to the 15th floor of the High-Quality China Sea International Center, where the value of the brand will continue to return, the product matrix will continue to improve and the profits will be raised.
At the stage of volume growth, there is good potential in the high-end liquor market, and there is much room for future growth.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.