Source certificate, non-financial company review report, long power technology (600584.sh)
Investment rating: increase (maintenance) - advanced containment technology continues to improve, and motor electronics capacity is being built in an orderly manner Events: Long Power Technology released its semi-annual report for 2025 and 25h1 achieved business income of $18.605 billion, compared to the previous year
The recovery of the industry continues, with 25-h1-camp growth positive. According to Wsts, 25h1 is sold globally as semiconductor.
The company's revenue has been growing better, and the net profit of return has been falling in comparison with the raw materials.
The impact of short-term factors such as price volatility and rising financial costs. 25q2, the company achieved a Māori rate of 14.31 per cent, the ring ratio + 1.68 pct, and there has been a recovery in profitability. It is expected that, in the second half of the year, the company will be able to hedge cost impacts by improving capacity utilization, improving product structures and optimizing internal management, or still perform more resiliently.
In the first half of 2025, companies continued to invest more in \triangleright, making breakthroughs in key technologies such as glass-based panels, cpo photo-electric co-encapsulation, and large-scale fcbga.
At the same time, companies continue to focus on high-value-added applications, accelerating the strategic layout of such markets as automobile electronics, high-performance computing, storage, and 5g communications, and further improving core competitiveness. 25h1, corporate revenue by market application area, except for a small decline in consumer electronics, yields in downstream applications have increased by double-digit revenues.
Among them, automobile electronics continued to grow faster than the market, by 34.2% over the same period; industrial and medical fields recovered significantly, by 38.6% over the same year; automobile electronics technology was advanced and capacity-building was well advanced.
In the first half of 2025, the company increased its research and development investment in key areas such as auto power modules, mcu, sensors, optimizing the wrapping programme and improving product performance and productivity.
In addition to traditional packaging products, the company will continue to follow closely the process of electronicization and intellectualization of the car industry.
The drive will also be aimed at the depth of the links in the automobile industry, with the broad layout of the net assets (dollars/units) area and the maintenance of an “enhanced” rating.
Appendices: A summary of the financial projections indicates my personal opinion of the subject matter securities and issuers. I have done so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will not be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.