Long-range electrical technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuit iii 25h1 camp has been newly high during the same period, with a steady increase in advanced encapsulation inputs
In the second quarter and the first half of the year, a record high of exchange/raw materials/performance during the import of plant products was recorded. 2025h1, the global semiconductor industry experienced a recovery after two years of adjustment, and according to Wsts, the total global semiconductor sales of 2025h1 increased by 18.9% on the same date, to $346 billion, of which storage was on the rise.
The growth is particularly significant in the case of instruments, i-accelerated chips, and advanced encapsulation-related products. 2025h1 achieves operating revenues and is now high in the same period. By industry, 25h1 captures end-side intelligence, smart driving, high density storage 45.01/28.29
Market opportunities in hot spots, such as storage, revenue from electronics, industrial and medical electronics, automobiles, etc.
Long-power technology continues to invest more in research and development in priority areas such as advanced packaging upgrading and landing, and innovative and advanced traditional containment, with company 2025h1 research and development.
In the first half of the year, the long-electric vehicle electronics (Shanghai) module was completed and will be operational in the second half of the year. The company launched the “Initiation Project”, which established the full-time Director of Electric Technology (ETC) Ltd., the Focus System Level Cover, etc., to create a state-of-the-art containment smart system.
The base for manufacturing long electrons and microelectronics integration has been working steadily since last year, releasing capacity and providing a one-stop front-line containment service to clients. Companies will also accelerate the breakthroughs and applications of high-end technological processes, such as the next generation of microsystem integration.
South Korea’s net profits have declined considerably, and long-wire microelectronics have continued to boost production capacity. The company’s main controlling/participating firm performance: (1) Starring: 2025h1, yielding $852 million, an increase of 1.33 per cent over the same period; net profit effects, with small fluctuations in the volume of orders, has been accompanied by product restructuring and higher cost of new products and materials.
Long-power technology: 24q3 battalion has a single season high, 37.89 per cent of pre-seasons, net profit of $280 million, an increase of 136.47 per cent over the same period, mainly because of the semiconductor chip encapsulation demand, and the Bureau has started to contribute increment -- Hmgium securities, electronics, long power technology.
Higher orders, higher productivity and higher value of integrated services for advanced containment tests have led to a significant increase in income and net profit. (4) Shaft semiconductor: 1,624 million yuan, long-electric technology: a double increase in the conglomerates of 24q3 camps.
The disk is completed with an expanded storage advantage - a gold bond - an electronics - for a long period of billions of yuan, is still in the process of importing products without generating a significant production income, and is continuously improving production capacity. (6) Long-term power and accommodation: 2025h1, the end-market competition is intense, companies are actively adjusting the product structure and promoting technological transformation.
Long-range electricity technology: Focus on high-value-added applications, advanced encapsulation, adapted to market changes, some new products are imported and produced, leading to higher operating income. Some material costs are serviceable/net profits are up - Hmgium securities - electronic - long power.
Prices in commodity markets have been rising steadily, resulting in a net increase in losses. (7) Long Electricity State: 2025h1, active promotion of the advancement of traditional seals, sustained growth in capacity utilization, driven by a gradual recovery in market demand, increased revenue and a significant reduction in losses. (8) Long Electric Automobile Electronics: in the build-up phase and in the process of cleaning up.
Refurbishment of the plant and equipment. xdfoiTM full series of products in which the high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration process of Chiplet has entered the production stabilization phase as planned. Future demand for advanced sealing in markets such as numeracy/sustainability/cars has continued to grow, adding up to half of the disk.
The advantages or advantages of integrating industrial resources, such as the modulation of the carrier/Hawayan industry, maintain a “buy-in” rating.