Investment rating: Growth (maintenance) 21 August 2025, Long-Range Technology Bulletin 2025, semi-annual report of the company 2025
• Advanced containment technology, with a focus on key areas
In the area of advanced high-performance containment, the company introduced the high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration of Xdfoi core particles, using the process design to optimize the use of 2.5d and 3d integration techniques, which were sustained.
R & D and customer product validation, long-electric technology xdfoi is constantly breaking and has been applied to high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electronics, and in the semiconductor storage market, corporate sealing services cover dram, flash, etc.
The storage of chip products, with more than 20 years of memory encapsulation experience, 32 layers of flash stacking, 25m ultra thin chip production capability, high density 3d sealing and control chip self-testing are among the leading players in the domestic and international industry. Companies acquire semiconductors of platinum that are the largest flash stocks worldwide.
One of the storage product encapsulation testing plants is a pioneer and advocate for the automation of semiconductor encapsulation testing production processes, and has a differentiated competitive advantage in having the first Chinese plant to be certified as a double lighthouse (sustainable lighthouse and end-to-end lighthouse).
In the area of motor electronics, the company ' s product type has covered multiple applications such as smart cabins, smart web links, adas, sensors and power devices, with eight production bases, both in and out of the country, certified through iatf16949. In the area of smart terminal radio frequency applications, the company ' s depth layout is highly dense.
dsmbga and 3dsip, cavity shielding and aip encapsulation technology, upgrading of production capacity, international, 1. Aggregation of high-performance encapsulations, acceleration of computing electron, domestic customer upgrade of 5g, wifi radio frequency model encapsulation and millimetre wave radar products, enhancement of radio frequency
Traditional advantages in the area of encapsulation. 2. Single-quarter revenue history, with a strong focus on high performance. 3. Performance repair, with a strong focus on high performance and advanced closure.
The climate is not as good as expected, the pace of expansion is not as fast as expected, market competition is increasing, technology is not being developed as expected, and geopolitical influences are exceeding expectations. The fund-raising facility, the Ministry of Investment of the Bolt Foundation, etc., has eight years of buyer experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of such information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.