Long-power technology (600584.sh) 20 per cent increase in income in the first half of the year, making electron the second-largest downstream huhui2@guosen.com.cn
R & D costs increased by 20.49 per cent to 987 million yuan on a year-on-year basis, and R & D rates remained essentially the same, at 5.30 per cent. zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn Downstream earnings other than consumer electronics increased by double-digits on a year-on-year basis, and the ratio of computing electronics outperformed consumer electronics.
Downstream, in the first half of 2025, electronic communications accounted for 38.1 per cent, computing electronics for 22.4 per cent and more than consumption. Electronics became the second largest downstream area, with consumer electronics accounting for 21.6 per cent, automobile electronics 9.3 per cent, and industrial and medical electronics for 8.6 per cent.
In every downstream application market, revenues have increased by double-digit figures. Automobile electronics have continued to outpace S0980525080004.
Research and development inputs in key areas, such as sensors, optimize containment programmes and improve product performance and productivity; and Continue to deepen cooperation with domestic and foreign head clients and successfully win the world-renowned client “China, China,” 52 weeks of the highest/lowest price
Strategic projects, which provide a solid basis for future business growth. Long-electrified Automobile Electronics (Shanghai) is limited.
The production program has also steadily advanced client product certification, and the overall project has landed in an orderly manner, as planned, to effectively boost the production capacity layout to match the rapidly growing demand from clients. Investment advice: the world’s leading semiconductor sealer, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
Because of the uncertainty of trade frictions over downstream demand, and the continued expansion of advanced envelope research and development inputs, I, Long Electric Technology (600584.sh) increased by 21 per cent over the same period in 2024, with four-quarters of Long Electric Technology (600584.sh) - three-quarterly high revenues and a semiconductor.
Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - The double-digit increase in income in the downstream in the second quarter, Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - the temperature of the landscape is gradually warming, faster the deployment of cars, faster storage Long Power Technology (600584.sh) - the proposed acquisition of the Western Data Flag, the Lighthouse Plant.
Figure 1: Corporate operating income and speed of growth Figure 4: Quality of corporate profits Figure 5: Single-season revenue and speed of growth
Figure 6: Company single-season net profit return and rate of increase, Figure 7: Māori rate of the company, changes in net interest rate, Figure 8: Main rates of the company
Figure 9: Quarterly Māori rates for companies, net interest rates, Figure 10: Quarterly rates for companies The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author