Downstream demand warms, high-end advanced encapsulation into volume production.
The certainty also causes some early investment; the decline in the net profit of the parent is due to increased investment in research and development, as well as increased financial costs associated with the exchange and receipt of disk semiconductors. With the release of advanced encapsulation, we look forward to a robust growth in the company’s performance, but considering the net profit of the parent or being affected by financial costs, research and development costs, we make a downward adjustment.
• Growth driven by warming of demand, such as computing, auto-electronics, industry, communications, etc. 2025h1, with a ratio of corporate business income by application area: 38.1 per cent for telecommunications electronics, 22.4 per cent for computing electronics, and a sharp decline in revenue from other downstream applications, with a double-digit increase in automobile electronics.
Yoy+34.2%, industrial and medical fields yoy+38.6%, company-run sub-plants: 851 million US dollars (US$) for Starring Kimbon, 916 million US dollars for Long Electric Korea, 1,014 million yuan for Jiang Yin, 1,624 million yuan for Shaft Semiconductor, and 43 million yuan yuan for Long Electric MicroFocus. High-performance containment technologies, such as 2.5d/3d, are continuously improving production capacity.
• Continue to enhance industrial layout, high-end advanced sealing into mass production, high-performance advanced encapsulation, and companies introduce high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration of Xdfoi core particles to achieve a steady growth in performance, and watch advanced encapsulations + cars
2.5d/3d envelope break-through and is in the production phase. Automobile electronics, corporate product coverage, electronic field layout - company information update report. Smart network, adas, sensors and power.
Technology Automobile Electronics (Shanghai), the main building is complete and is in the interior renovation phase. In the field of smart terminal radio frequency, the q3 quarter history is new, and the apu integration can be applied to smartphones, ai glasses, bluetooth headphones, drones and smart robots.
In the area of power and energy applications, the company continuously upgrades the third generation of semiconductor power devices and modular technology and capacity.
Advanced Compatibility -- Corporate Information Update Report