Reverser's business performed brightly, looking at the follow-up acceleration, the company published its annual report for 2021, generating $4,168 million, a 38 per cent increase in the same year; net repatriation profit, $579 million, a 51 per cent increase in the same year; net non-repatriation profit, $533 million, an increase in the same year.
54%. Of this total, q4 companies achieved revenues of 1,139 million yuan, an increase of 44% in the same year and 3% in the ring; net profit returns of 178 million yuan, an increase of 73% in the same year and 1% in the ring.
The company ' s traditional business is relatively stable, with heat exchangers growing by 12 per cent over the year, but taking into account the price of raw materials, Māori and net profit are both declining by the same year; and the overseas European market, which benefits from the dehumidifier business, is expected to increase by 24 per cent over the same year.
The Division plans to promote micro-reverse products in multiple markets, and the share of future micro-reverse income is expected to continue to rise.
In 2021, the company ' s reverse changer business rose from 2.37 pct to 37.19%, mainly to benefit from a higher ratio of storage energy to higher product structure. For core raw materials, ibt, the company is accelerating the import of national production, and the company ' s capacity is being released. With the company ' s 2022 gbt
The company’s new product is moving ahead in an orderly manner, with a high global light-storage climate, and a sustained roll-out of future reversible business, but considering that the traditional industry is affected by the downstream air-conditioning climate, we adjust our net profit projections.
Photovoltaic demand is not as high as expected, Māori is not as high as expected, large customer risk, epidemic risk increases, etc.
Question 2021-6-15: Founder: Huaanrearch Mass China, Teco Electronics.
Song Wai Jing: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master ' s degree in the Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, car parts and components, New Niejie University Economics and Finance Master ' s degree in the Bank ' s General Bank, one year of industry research experience, coverage of lithium electricity, use of information on legal compliance, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report from the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.