On 21st of April 2022, the company, 21q4, received 1,139 million yuan, or 44 per cent, or 3 per cent of the ring; the net profit of the mother was 178 million yuan.
The company is expected to deliver 165,000 units at an average cost of RMB0.31 million for 21q4 and a gross profit of about RMB0.10 million for single stations; pcs are expected to deliver about 13%.
The cost of pre-positioning major electronic components in the first half of the year, and the second half of the year, a major investment in research and development to test and produce alternatives to import-dependent electronics to effectively safeguard business development. From the beginning of the 22nd century to the present, electronic components remain scarce, and the company’s excellent supply capacity will continue to build on its comparative advantages and help the industry.
In the context of the conflict and the energy crisis in the Russian Federation, energy independence and energy security have accelerated in many parts of the world, and the will of the residential sector to enhance its photovoltaics is expected to rise.
Revenues are $580 million, with a net profit of about $400 million. q4 is often a low-season period in the household electricity industry, with income and profit loops under pressure. Moreover, as companies gradually shift their focus to reversible-related business, it is expected that the share of the company’s electricity industry in the company’s income will continue to decline.
Investment proposals: While industry critical electronic components are still scarce and household power operations are under pressure from multiple factors such as the epidemic, we expect companies to gain a comparative advantage by virtue of their superior supply chain management capabilities, to look at the reversal of their approach and analytical logic this year to draw conclusions, to present the present report independently and objectively and to be accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.