Events: 20 April 2022, German shares published 2021. In 2021, the company achieved German shares (605117.sh).
q4 meets expectations, reversible business is growing fast. Sub-products show that 21 years of heat exchange, the Luo Yiyang industry, earned 2,328 million yuan, compared to 12.42%, representing 56.21% of the revenue.
The increase was mainly due to higher unit prices for products produced by companies in the context of higher prices for raw materials; the inverse agent business received real revenues of 1,198 million yuan, or +26,234 per cent, or 28.92 per cent, of which storage capacity/+23.75 per cent, or 13.58 per cent, of which demand from overseas markets rose rapidly and the demand increased rapidly.
Reverser profitability is strong, leading to a steady increase in the Māori rate. The \triangleright sales margin ratio for the entire 21-year period is +1.51 pct. 21-year Reverser business profitability performance is impressive, with Māori rates equal to that for the 21-year period.
Compared to +2.37pc, due mainly to the company’s cost of pre-positioning major electronic components in the first half of the 21st year. At cost rates, the rate of return of receivables increased significantly throughout the year, without taking into account changes in the calibre of sales costs. 1) 21 years of company cash + total other current assets
1686 million yuan, or +218.04 per cent, mainly as a result of corporate fund-raising in ipo during the reporting period; Enhancement. 3) 21 years of net operating cash flows from companies amounting to 797 million yuan, or +75.59 per cent; q4 years of net operating cash flows amounting to 291 million, or +39.71 per cent, due mainly to corporate reverses
In order to deal with this problem, the industry is facing a risk of increasing production costs due to insufficient supply of imported chips.
In addition, 21 years, in response to overseas market demand, the company has increased its research and development inputs, tested and completed the nationalization of most chips, and has effectively reduced the risks associated with future chip supply.
The company has invested heavily in the development and successful roll-out of new products, such as 8kw/10kw/12kw low-pressure household storage, inverters, 15kw low-pressure fission storage revers, and perfecting the product matrix.
In the future, as companies further introduce high-end talent, improve products, and market layout, they are expected to continue to do a great job in the new energy sector. Profit predictions: the company’s traditional masters of heat exchanges and dehumidifiers are growing steadily, second-hand.
We expect companies to continue to grow at a high rate in the future, as the process of national production substitution continues and the foreign market continues. We expect companies to continue to grow at a high rate.
He worked in the hardware development department of tp-link for the design of commercial communications equipment. He worked in the Research and Development Centre for the Tianwind Securities Households, where he worked in the domestic electricity industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.