The lithium industry (002460.sz) — the three-quarter review report — three-quarters of lithium salt products are under pressure and are expected to be repaired gradually in the future.
Given the delay in adjusting the price of lithium salt, high-cost lithium concentrate stocks have led to a more marked contraction in the company’s profits from lithium salt products during the rapid decline in the price of lithium salt. In the future, as lithium prices stabilize and the company’s self-sufficiency of raw materials rises, the company’s profits from lithium salt products are expected to recover.
A continuous breakthrough in the integrated layout of the closed lithium ecosystem Upstream lithium resources: this year, the resource end continues to achieve a breakthrough of one to complete the acquisition of the new surplus mining stock.
70 per cent equity and 70 per cent share in the titanium-carbon mine; 3 output from the Argentine cauchari lithium salt lake project: first lithium carbonate products: 4 Australian mtmarion lithium quartz project was expanded to 900,000 tons/year lithium concentrate mineral capacity has been gradually completed and is currently on the slope; 5 is proposed to increase Mali's mining stock to
55%, thus indirectly holding 55% interest in the Goulamina project. Deep processing of lithium salt in the middle and middle: To date, the company has built up production capacity in the country for lithium salt products of about 120,000 tonnes or more. In terms of long-term development planning, the company plans to accelerate the construction of lithium salt production capacity, 2025
The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) semi-annual review: Lithium resources continue to make breakthroughs and downstream lithium battery operations: the company is now in Shinyu, Dongjong, Ningbo, Su, Hue, Chongqing, etc.
This year, the company’s lithium battery business continued to grow rapidly, with a marked increase in the Māori rate, in addition to the rapid expansion of the collection volume. We expect the company to end this year.
"The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) - Three Quarters of Lithium Salt Product Prices up, Integrated Clothes Lithium Battery Operations will result in an effective production capacity of about 20 gwh per year." "The Lithium Industry (002460.sz) - Biannual Report Review - The Construction of Lithium Resources is progressing steadily.
It is the world’s best-quality lithium company, which now constructs a closed-ring lithium ecosystem, with numerous high-quality lithium resource layouts around the world, growth is very much expected, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. The 23q3 lithium salt product is under profit and is expected to be repaired gradually in the future.
The company ' s 2303 profit ring ratio declined more markedly, mainly because, as of this year, the company ' s self-sufficiency rate for raw materials was still relatively low and the price adjustment for extra lithium concentrate was delayed by the price adjustment for lithium salt, so in the course of a fast fall in the price of lithium salt in the third quarter, high-cost lithium concentrate stocks resulted in a comparison of the profits of the company ' s one-ton lithium salt product.
The company’s profits from lithium salt products are expected to recover gradually in the future as the price of lithium salt stabilizes and the self-sufficiency of the company’s raw materials rises. Financial data: 1 company recognizes non-recurrent gains and losses by $79.76 million, of which the government is confirmed.
Subsidization of 437 million yuan, recognizing a loss of 438 million yuan in fair value change, mainly due to the fall in the price of lithium concentrate and lithium salt, which affected the investment returns recognized during the season;3 as of the end of the third quarter, the company closed the lithium ring ecosystem, with a continuous breakthrough in the integrated layout
Upstream lithium resources: companies continue to make breakthroughs this year at the Lithium end: 1 completes the stock acquisition of the new leftover mine and currently holds 90 per cent of the stockholding of the new leftover mine and the Mangin mine project; 2 completes the acquisition of 70 per cent of the shareholding in the Monkin mine, the company now holds 70 per cent of the shareholding in the Garbon mine and the construction of the Monkin mining project
Towards completion, the project will be an important part of the company's development of lithium cloud-type resources;3 the first lithium carbonate product produced by the Argentine cauchari Lithium Salt Lake project is expected to gradually produce battery-grade products as the subsequent capacity climbs and production lines optimizes, with 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate production line planned for the first phase of the project to achieve design capacity in 2024, cauchari
The launch of the project will provide a good basis for the subsequent development of the Mariana Salt Lake and the pg Salt Lake; the expansion of the Lithium Duststone 4 Australiammarion project to 900,000 tons/year lithium concentrate mineral capacity has been gradually completed and is currently in production, with US$ million, and upon completion of the replenishment, 55 per cent of the shares will be held in the marilithium.v., thereby indirectly holding Goulamina
At the same time, the company announced that it had invested in the Sonora project in Mexico. In August of this year, the Mexican Directorate of Mines (dgm) issued a formal notification to the Mexican subsidiary of its decision to cancel its nine lithium mining concessions.
Administrative review of the above-mentioned resolution. Lithium salt deep processing business: the company intends to expand the capacity of lithium salt deep processing to meet the growing demand for lithium in order to consolidate the leadership of the lithium product industry. To date, the company has formed more than 120,000 tons of lce in the country.
The production capacity of lithium salt products, in addition to long-term development planning, is planned to accelerate the capacity-building of lithium salt production to produce a total supply capacity of 300,000 tons of lce lithium salt per year by 2025 and a total annual production capacity of at least 600,000 tons of lce lithium salt by 2030.
Lower Lithium Batteries: The company now has lithium cell development and production bases in Nishibu, Ningbo, Su, Huixiang, Chongqing, etc. 2022 is a fast year in which it has been able to deliver more than 6gwh power/storage power and battery storage throughout the year.
This year, the company’s lithium battery business has continued to grow rapidly, and in addition to the rapid expansion of its collection capacity, there has been a marked increase in the Māori rate. We expect that the company’s lithium battery business will produce a productive capacity of about 20 gwh per year by the end of this year.
Table 2: Lithium Battery project planned and under construction by the company holding subsidiary, pe 12.6/8.6.7.9x. Given that the company is the world's best-quality lithium company, it has now built a closed-ring lithium ecosystem with numerous high-quality lithium resource layouts around the world, growing in a very promising way, maintaining "buying"
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject