Recommended (first coverage) Consolidation of the flagship status of the expansion and the growth of the new layout material A mega-association (600160.sh) cover report for the first time
Jung Xingyi, the company's leader in domestic fluorine industry, picked up a breakthrough in 2021.
In the first three quarters of 2022, companies achieved operating income of $16,377 million, an increase of 29.74 per cent over the previous quarter; and achieved a net return to the mother.
Three generations of refrigerant hfcs will become the main refrigerant in the future. As the Kigali Amendment base year draws to a close, three generations of HFC price fighting and expansion of production capacity are almost over.
There has been a steady increase in the production of air conditioners, a recovery in the automobile industry, and a steady increase in demand for three generations of refrigerants.
In the case of ptfe, ptfe has a wide range of uses, petrochemicals and machinery are the main consumer areas, as well as electronics. In 2021, the number of 5g base stations in the country was 1,425,000, an increase over the same period.
84.82%. The high rate of growth in the 5g area is expected to boost the demand for ptfe. The pvdf side, with the outbreak of the power lithium battery and photovoltaic industry, has a wider market space. For fluorinated fluids, the number of aircraft racks above our size grew from 830,000 in 2017-2021.
The demand for fluorinated fluids is expected to continue to rise as the size of the data centre market continues to grow at a high rate. Corporate expansion consolidates the vanguard position, self-researching cooling fluids breaks the foreign monopoly.
In addition, the company adds 235,000 tonnes/year pvdf to the new material business, which is expected to be in production by the fourth quarter of 2023. The company has a complete chain of industry, including fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorine monomers, and fluoropolymers, which will enable it to supply the alf raw materials in part.
The thick, autonomous development of a massive core cooling fluid fills the gap in the country’s high-performance, large data centre dedicated to cooling fluids, and the cooling fluid project’s annual production capacity of 1,000 tons was almost completed in the first half of 2022. The coolant industry is expected to recover, and the new energy industry is leading to high demand for fluorinated materials.
Multiplier. In the light of the industry landscape, we are looking at corporate development. For the first time, the project is being “recommended” for expansion at a slower pace than expected, downstream demand less than expected, domestic epidemics repeated, etc.
State-owned holdings and continuous improvement of the industrial chain The company is a leading domestic fluorinated industry and has formed a complete fluorinated industry chain. The company holdings formerly Stateized chemical plants of the East Giant Group were established in 1958 and renamed the Giant Group Company in 1993.
The company began work on the 10,000-ton r134a project in 2005 after a second entrepreneurship in the 1990s (the introduction of advanced technology for foreign fluorinated industrial production), and started a “third entrepreneurship” in the form of high-technology industries.
Chemical Industries Ltd., for company r134a, with trichloroethylene raw materials. In 2011, the company worked with the Technology Centre of the Giant Group to develop a fourth generation of refrigerants and improve technological reserves. The company then continued to refine the fluorinated industrial and industrial chain. In 2017, the company invested $390 million, similar to the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund.
To date, the company has become a domestic fluorine company with liquid chlorine, chloroform, trichloroethylene, tetrachloroethylene, HFC refrigerants, organic fluorine and polymers supported by alf for supporting materials.
Figure 1. The top five shareholders in the company's history are Giant Group Limited, Yuan Zhimin, the National Social Security Fund (SNSF) Forty-Fix, Hong Kong Central Clearing Company and Zhejiang Giant Investment Company Ltd., respectively.
The shares held are 52.70%, 3.03%, 2.38%, 2.27% and 2.21% respectively. Of these, the Zhejiang State Finance Committee holds a combined 90.00% share of the Giant Group Limited through direct and indirect holdings.
The company’s products cover a number of areas and are well produced. The company’s products cover a number of areas such as fluorinated, coalified, and basic chemical raw materials. In 2021, the company produced 45.3 million tons of refrigerants, fluorinated polymers, fluorinated fine chemicals, 97.5 million tons and 0.25 million tons, respectively, for domestic sale.
The amount was lower than production, mainly due to the fact that some of the products were used as raw materials for internal downstream products, and the company ' s fluorine raw materials were used mainly for self-sufficiency, with external sales/production of only about 30 per cent. 17,986 million yuan was collected, an increase of 12.03 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2022.
With $16,377 million in revenue, an increase of 29.74 per cent over the same period, mainly due to higher prices for raw materials, changing supply and demand patterns in the industry chemical products and fluorinated polymers, the share of revenues from fluorinated polymers in the first three quarters of 2022 is expected to increase further.
The company’s profitability has been continuously repaired, with a significant increase in Maori in the first three quarters of 2022. The gross profits of the company in the first three quarters of 2022 amounted to 3,072 million yuan, an increase of 92.72 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 92.72 per cent over the year 2021, and the profit potential is due to the increase in the price of products and the company’s ability to smooth the price volatility of raw materials through the benefits of industrial chain integration.
The Māori rate for refrigerants, fluoropolymer materials and fluorinated raw materials has increased. The company ' s 2021 refrigeration operating costs have led to a significant drop in the cost of sales. The company ' s financial cost rate has remained around zero, with a net return profit of $1,109 million a year, an increase of 1062.87 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2022.
Growth is driven by factors such as higher refrigerant prices and higher production and sales rates on a par. With regard to net interest rates, the share of products, such as fluorinated polymers, that are of high Maori, has gradually expanded, the supply and demand patterns of refrigerants have improved, and the level of net corporate interest rates is expected to continue to rise.
The refrigerant is a medium used for energy transformation in heat machines. Refrigerants are also known as refrigerants, snow species.
In the case of domestic air conditioners, where air conditioners are used as an example, high-temperature and high-pressure gaseous refrigerants evaporate in condensers (outdoor machines) into low-temperature and high-pressure liquid refrigerants and then into evaporation units (indoor machines).
As refrigerants suddenly increase in space after reaching the evaporation through the swelling valves, the pressure is reduced, the refrigerants in the liquid form are vaporized and converted into gaseous refrigerants, then absorb a large amount of heat and, after compressoring, become high-temperature, high-pressure refrigerants and start a new cycle.
In the 1930s, American perkins invented a steam-compressed refrigeration cycle, humans initiated the scalation of artificial refrigeration applications for the selection and exploration of refrigerants, most of which were non-fluorinated solvents and volatile mediums.
By 1930, the demand for safe and durable refrigerants became more pressing, with the first generation of fluorinated refrigerants, dominated by cfcs, e.g. r12, r11, etc., arising from a sharp increase in demand for artificial cooling.
Quality can cause serious damage to the ozone layer, and after 1990 cfcs were gradually replaced with a low ozone-depletion potential (ODP) second-generation HFC refrigerants hcfcs and odp with zero HFC-third-generation hfcs. Although hfcs had zero, they had zero.
High gwp, which has a strong warming effect on the climate. After 2010, the odp value of zero and the gwp value of hfos, which is lower, has begun to receive attention and is subject to costs, patents, etc., and has yet to be used in the country.
2.1.1. Second-generation refrigerants: Continuous reduction in use and conversion of second-generation refrigerants. Although hcfcs are less destructive to the ozone layer than cfcs, as environmental awareness increases, the destruction of the ozone layer by hcfcs is increasing.
Concern. According to the Montreal Protocol phase-out requirements, our production of hcfcs for refrigerant materials in 2015 is not subject to the agreement. The main applications of second-generation refrigerants have gradually shifted to the production of chemicals.
For r142b, polyfluoroethylene (pvdf) accounted for 50% of the country ' s downstream R22 applications, with 50% in 2021 and 3% of the new air conditioners. For r142b, it accounted for 50% of the country ' s downstream R142b consumption in 2021, the main area of applications, refrigerant r143a and blowing agent.
Consumption was 25 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively. 2.1.2. Three generations of refrigerants: the expansion was largely over, and the concentration of competitive patterns of third generation HFC refrigerants would become the dominant refrigerant for a longer period of time.
The country is in the process of replacing three-generation HFC refrigerants (hfcs) with two-generation HFC refrigerants (hcfcs). Under the terms of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol, we are a group I developing country that should freeze hfcs in 2024 on the basis of the average of the 2020-2022 Hfcs usage.
Reduction to less than 20% of the base value. Currently, four generation HFC refrigerants are expensive and more patented abroad, and we expect third generation HFC refrigerants to be the dominant refrigerant for a longer period of time. Three generation HFC refrigerants have almost ended their expansion.
For policy reasons, the baseline for future hfc quotas, which in the past few years has resulted in three generations winning the refrigerant market oversupply through the expansion of three generations of manufacturing capacity through new production lines or re-engineering of production lines. The year 2022 was the end of the three-generation refrigerant quota base year, with three generations winning.
The period when cold-agent production expanded in an insane way has largely ended. According to the Kiwakawa Mobil data, the main three-generation HFC refrigerants, r134a, r125, r32, are currently no longer produced. r32 is distributed among the ladders. r32 is one of the most productive of the dominant three-generation HFC refrigerants.
By September 2022, according to the data from the Mobil and company announcement, R32 had a capacity of 502,000 tons. Our R32 capacity was distributed as a ladder, with 130,000 tons per year, or 25.9 per cent, of the 130,000 tons, and the second was a company with a capacity of over 40,000 tons, including the Toyota Group, Yong and the shares,
For example, as of September 2022, R. 125 had a capacity of 34.2 million tons and the top three had a capacity of 44.4 per cent, r134a, and as of September 2022, r134a had a capacity of 335,000 tons and capacity.
The top three are Tri-US shares, mega-stocks, and Chinese Taikura, with capacity ratios of 19.4 per cent, 17.9 per cent, 10.4 per cent and cr.3 to 47.7 per cent, with higher market concentration. Air conditioning and automobiles are the main applications of three-generation fluorine refrigerants.
In 2021, 70% of the country ' s consumption was downstream of r32. r134a, the main applications were car refrigerants and aerosols (the back-car market), which accounted for 50% and 25% of downstream consumption, respectively, and combined for Pita ' s increased demand for household air conditioning, which led to an increase in demand for three-generation fluorine refrigerants.
Growth to 218 million in 2021, with an average annual compound growth rate of 5.7 per cent; and the production of 175 million domestic air-conditioning units in January-September 2022, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the same period.
The number of air-conditioning units per 100 inhabitants of our cities and towns increased from 102.20 to 161.70, with an average annual compound increase of about 5.9 per cent; the number of air-conditioning units per 100 inhabitants of rural areas increased from 29.8 to 89, with an average annual recovery growth rate of about 14.7 per cent, with motor vehicle holdings as of the end of the third quarter of 2022.
315 million vehicles, an increase of 6.06 per cent over the same period. As our air conditioning and vehicle holdings continue to grow, and as the share of second-generation refrigerants continues to decline, the demand for three-generation refrigerants is expected to rise in the maintenance market.
2.2. Fluorinated polymers: More widely applied, new energy pull growth 2.2.1.ptfe: Many downstream applications, with petrochemical machinery dominated by ptfe being the most widely applied fluorinated material.ptfe, or polytetrafluoroethylene, commonly known as “plastic plastics”
King." ptfe is very similar to pe structure, but fluorine atoms replace all hydrogen atoms. Because ptfe's large molecular chains are spiralled and the fluorinated atoms are wide in diameter, ptfe's carbon-chain skeletons are well protected, giving ptfe excellent chemical stability and high-temperature tolerance, in addition to that.
Ptfe has a wide range of applications. In petrochemicals, ptfe has good corrosivity compared to materials like rubber, metals, and good high-temperature properties, so it can be high.
Long-term use in harsher environmental conditions such as temperature, strong corrosivity, including exhaust tubes, steam tubes, high school low-pressure pipes, valves, asbestos gaskets, etc. For electronics, there is little loss of signal transmission due to the low ptfe medium constant, which can be applied in the 5g high frequency transmission field.
In medicine, the biological inertia of ptfe gives it good bioadaptation and does not lead to oscillation, but also to oscillation, which does not normally result in blood vessels being clogged, so it can be made into gastric mirrors, catheters, heart repairs, sutures, and a variety of medical equipment and materials.
In terms of capacity, 2016-2021, we became the world’s main producer of ptfe. In terms of production, from 2016-2020, we produced ptfe.
The main applications for ptfe are petrochemicals and machinery. In 2020, the area of downstream consumption in our ptfe includes petrochemicals, machinery, electrical appliances, light works, textiles, aerospace, etc. The main areas of consumption are petrochemicals and machinery, accounting for 33% and 24%, respectively, electronics, light appliances, etc.
Ptfe has excellent media performance that can effectively reduce signal losses. According to Tonyang, Progress in the Application of Polytetrafluoroethylene in the 5g Communication Area, electromagnetic waves at different frequencies have different properties and therefore have different properties.
For different purposes, the current international mainstream communication frequency for 5g communications technology development is 28 ghz, which is higher than for 4 g. The higher the electromagnetic wave frequency, the shorter the wave length, the poorer the rebroadcast capability, and the greater the decline of the electromagnetic wave during the transmission, so that the electromagnetic wave overlay of 5g communication relative to 4g communications
Ptfe, a high molecular material with the lowest constant of the usual intermediate material, has a low power loss factor of 0.0004, displaying excellent dielectricity in the copper sheet, and has a wider application potential.
By September 2022, the number of 5g base stations had increased steadily. By the end of 2021, the number of 5g base stations had increased by 84.82 per cent.
By September 2022, our 5g base station stood at 2.22 million, representing more than 60% of the world ' s 5g base station, exceeding the target by the year.
▪ China mobile: millions of users of 5g to China Telecom: millions of users of 5g to China 2.2.2.pvdf: production capacity is growing steadily, and the high demand for lithium power pvdf is mainly used in lithium batteries, coatings, etc.
It is a highly non-reactive thermal plastic fluoropolymers, widely used in paints, lithium electrics, electrostyping, water treatment, solar backboards, etc. In our downstream consumption of pvdf in 2021, lithium batteries, coatings, emplacing, water treatment and solar backboards accounted for 39 per cent, 30 per cent, 15 per cent, 10 per cent, 6 per cent, respectively.
The ratio of lithium batteries to pvdf rose from 19% in 2020 to 39% in 2021, becoming the first area of application. The demand for lithium batteries, glues and solar backboards is expected to increase steadily as a result of high-speed developments in new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, 5g, etc.
In terms of capacity, according to the Kiwakawa Mobil data, the production capacity of the pvdf grew from 66,000 tons to 74,000 tons in 2019-2021, with an average annual compound growth rate of 5.9%; by September 2022, the production capacity of the pvdf was 79,000 tons, compared to the end of 2021.
Figure 36.2022q1-q3 The production of our pvdf is increasing by the same time, The demand for the power lithium cell and the photovoltaic high-speed development to pull pvdf continues to rise. For the power lithium battery, according to highly skilled lithium electricity, pvdf is mainly used in lithium batteries as positive glue and diaphragm coatings.
From 2014 to 2021, the output of our powered lithium batteries increased from 3.7gwh to 226gwh, and from 2012 to 2021, the volume of additional photovoltaic loads increased from 3.61 million kW to 5298.5 kW, with an average annual composite growth rate of 34.8 per cent, driven by double carbon targets, with the potential to sustain the lithium cell and photovoltaic industries.
High-speed developments, increasing demand for pullpvdf. 2.3. Fluorinated fluids: the data centre market is growing rapidly, soaked cold advantage radiating heat is essential for the data centre to function well. The data centre is unique for global collaboration.
A network of devices, used to process, store and transmit data information on the network. Because of the high demand for numeracy in data centres, high heat is often generated during high-speed operations. If the equipment is not evaporated, it will have an inescapable effect on the proper functioning of the equipment.
Display, temperature is the main cause of the failure of electronic equipment. Chart 39. Main cause of the failure of electronic equipment
The cooling medium used in liquid cooling is a liquid compared to wind cool, which increases the heat conductivity by an order of magnitude to meet the heat radiation requirements of high power density machine cabinets.
100%, and at moderate cost, avoids local hot spots, which are the most likely technical means to solve the problems faced by high-performance computing radiative systems in the environment. Fluoride is the cooling solution for electronic equipment best suited to impregnated liquid cooling systems.
The cooling medium in the radiating process is essential as the core of the liquid cold radiating system. The current market uses water, oil, or fluorinated fluids. Water is only used in non-direct contact liquid cooling techniques, while oil cooling fluids are easily decomposable, residuary, and life and compatibility are much lower than fluorinated fluids.
There is also a risk of combustion. So fluorinated fluids are better and safer cooling fluids, especially in the leachate cold system suitable for data centres. The number of our total hangars increased from 1.66 million to 5.2 million annually, with an average compound growth rate of 33.0 per cent per year;
The number of above-sized aircraft has grown from 830,000 to 4.2 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 50 per cent, beyond average growth rates, and our data centre is moving in the direction of mega-regionalization and intensification. With regard to the size of the city, the market size of our data centre grew from 51.28 billion yuan in 2017-2021.
With the accelerated growth of the digital economy, we are expected to maintain a high rate of growth based on the size of the central market. The demand for high-speed growth in the number of data centres has continued to rise.
The national data centre increased its electricity consumption from 100.82 kwh to 2045kwh, with a combined annual growth rate of 15.3%. According to Chen Xiao, the energy consumed by the evasive heat is as high as 45% of the energy consumed by the national data centre.
A more efficient and energy-efficient way of radiating heat is essential to the green and efficient development of our data centres and to accelerating the transition to environmentally friendly energy efficiency. As the size of the data centers continues to grow at high rates, demand for fluorine is expected to increase.
3. Traditional operational advantages are strong, new material layouts open up incremental amounts 3.1. National leadership in capacity scale and steady progress in construction projects
By the end of 2021, the production capacity of the company included 20,000 r142b, 130,000 r32, 60,000 r134a, 40,000 r125, 150,000 r22, 0.80 tons of the fourth generation hfos.
Industry number one, the production capacity of r134a, r125 and r22 is the top three in the industry; in the case of fluoropolymers, the company ' s main product is 20,000 tons per year of ptfe and 0.35 million tons of pvdf, of which 1,000 tons of pvdf can be used for lithium battery glue. In addition, the company has 100,000 tons per year of hydrofluoric acid production and meets the company ' s requirements.
On December 3, 2021, the company issued an announcement that plans to add a new 48kt/avdf technology extension project and a new 30kt/apvdf technology expansion project, respectively.
(New phase 23.5kt/apvdf). Of this amount, 48kt/avdf TARP was added, including 48,000 tonnes of annual capacity vdf single body, with an additional r142b capacity of 80,000 tonnes, and combined production of r143a, hydrohydrate, hydrochloric acid (31%). 30kt/apvdf TARP (phase I) was added.
Upon completion, the company will add 235,000 tonnes/year to the pvdf production capacity, of which 1.75 million tonnes are suspended, and 0.6 million tonnes are lactose. The company ' s 150,000 tonnes/year special polyester slices new materials project and the 60kt/avdc single body redevelopment expansion project are also progressing steadily and are expected to contribute to the new collection in the future.
The company has a complete fluorinated industrial chain consisting of basic raw materials, fluorinated refrigerants, organic fluorinated monomers, etc., with a competitive model based on a single product.
The company has become the country’s leading fluorinated, chlor-alkali, coal-chemical complex, and the advanced manufacturing base for new materials for the chlorinated industry.
Figure 48. Companies achieving integrated industrial chains Partial supply of raw materials by company alf, smoothing the price fluctuations of raw materials. According to the U.S.S.A.C. announcement, unhydrated hydrogen (ahf) accounts for 30% of the production costs of fluorinated refrigerants and production costs of fluorinated refrigerants
In recent years, the price of hydrogen without hydrofluoride has fluctuated considerably, as a result of such factors as downstream demand changes and industrial expansion. According to the data on the moor, our market for hydrofluoride was averaged at $10,800 per ton as at 25 November 2022, up 11.9 per cent from the beginning of September.
With a capacity of 100,000 tons, the company can effectively withstand the risk of price fluctuations in the lf market, the flat plain, chart 49. The price of hydrofluoric acid has fluctuated much in recent years, and the technology is strong enough to break the foreign monopoly.
The company developed a large core cooling fluid to fill the domestic void. Through more than a decade of cooling fluid technology, the company developed a series of electronic fluorinated liquid products, including the hydrofluoride d and the perfluoropolyether jht products, filling the gap in the country's high-performance large data centre dedicated to cooling fluids.
Indicators are comparable to foreign monopolistic products. At present, the company indirectly holds 95% of the fluorinated fluorinated new material in Zhejiang. Perfluoropolyethers have many advantages as cooling fluids. Perfluoropolyethers are an electronic fluorinated fluid with many advantages. Perfluoropolyethers have better thermal stability in high temperatures (up to 290°C) and higher temperatures.
The highest boiling point (up to 270°C) in fluorine fluids. For chemical properties, perfluoropolyethers have excellent chemical inertia and good compatibility with metals, plastics and elastomers. In addition, perfluoropolymeric ethers have no flashpoints or flashpoints, and their use is safer.
Since 2022, the fluorine industry has gone up and corporate performance has improved overall. We assume: (1) price increases in fluorescent prices since 2022, considering that downstream demand continues to be favourable.
Refrigerant price wars and expansion of production capacity are nearing the end, and we assume that the main fluorinated industry products for the period 2022-2024 will be based on the company’s dominant business landscape, the company’s new production capacity will gradually become operational, and the company is expected to develop in the future. For the first time, coverage will be given, with a “recommended” rating.
Project expansion progresses less than expected, downstream demand falls short of expectations, domestic epidemics repeats, etc..1 Project expansion progresses less than expected: more corporate expansion projects, if affected by insufficient funding or other factors, or will result in delays in the completion of projects, affecting the growth rate of corporate production and harvests
2. Downstream demand is not as high as expected: the current global economy is under downward pressure, and if the growth of the photovoltaic and new energy sectors is held back, downstream demand is growing at a slower rate than expected, or there will be repeated outbreaks of corporate performance: the current epidemic is not stable in the country and is still being repeated and affected by the epidemic.
There are certain risks to the normal operation of production and the risk of the plant being cut down or shut down.