Silver Thai gold (000975). Mineral gold business is growing and the company is accelerating into long-term silver gold.
Silver-Thai gold (000975), 2021: The company published its annual report for 2021. The company has earned $9.04 billion in operating income throughout the year, which represents a significant increase in its reserves, and may have increased the value of the company’s mineral rights: as of 2021, the company was in total.
Trade subsidiary, of which Shiratei, Jilin Temple and 7 mining rights and 13 prospecting rights, a total of 10194.17 million tons of resources ore (the same as Qinghai Tsai is a gold-producing mine and the Yulong mine is located in Qinghai)
+29.6% of this amount is 170.452 tonnes of gold metal (+76.9%), 7154.06 tonnes of silver metal, lead-producing zinc and silver polymetal mine, Chinese gold mine is suspended (-2.8%), lead + zinc metal is 10.764 tonnes (-37.4%), copper metal is 6.35 million tonnes, tin
Minerals. The company ' s mineral gold production is listed in China ' s gold market and included in the consolidated statement. In addition, the company invested $101.9 million (+26.6 per cent) in exploration during the year, ranking fifth, the company ' s Yulong mine is currently a national mineral.
Among them are the stolen silver and silver lead mines, which are found deep in copper and tin, and the Gilling Temple, which found important copper gold ore, one of the largest single-hull mines in silver.
Implementation of the Division’s plan for increased storage, with newer or more resource levels for metals such as copper and tin gold reported by the mining areas, the value of company mineral rights and the size of the deposits, and the possibility of further improvement. Production of minerals has steadily increased, and later project capacity will continue to expand: company mineral gold/gold/silver in 2021
Production of 2.854 tons of mineral gold (39.6% of production), 2.218 tons (30.8%) and 2.136 tons (29.6%) respectively in Silver Shirts, Gilling Tablets and Big Zaydans. With the expansion of the Shik Ha Ghai plant, the construction of the temple wells and the complete completion of the rehabilitation of the Yulong mining plant (lead and zinc)
(There is still room for release), completion of prospecting and pit glass work under the Great Chaidan wells, consolidation of Chinese gold, enhancement of mineral energy (from 100,000 tons to 1.2 million tons per year) and seizure of mining certificates, total equity/flowa (million shares)
With the exception of open-air miners, we still expect 30 per cent of the company's mineral gold production to be still available; b/h (millions of shares)  the cost of core mineral output rises and there is room for excellence at a later stage: despite the company's combined Māori ratio for mineral products
Maintenance of a high level (55.2%), but the overall cost of company mineral production increased as a result of rising factors such as prime drilling, raw materials, etc. 21 years of cost of company mineral gold + 11.9% to $148.82 (Māori 60.3%) and cost of mineral silver + 32.3% to $1.72 g (alloy containing silver)
The Māori rate was 65.8 per cent, while the cost of mineral lead and zinc fine powder tons increased by +25 per cent and by +64.4 per cent, respectively, the scale-up of production and the planned increase in effective capacity and equipment performance, the projected fall in the cost per unit of output of the company, and the effect of output on the scale meant an increase in later mineral production.
▪ Financial risk is low, with many indicators better than the average for the industry: the corporate asset liability rate is consistently low, at 44.6 per cent, but remains the lowest in China's gold sector, with the company's ability to expand. In addition, the company's history is maintained at about 12 per cent (in the industry).
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Given the trend expansion of gold hedge premiums, liquidity premiums, and exchange-rate premiums, and global physical holdings, the price of the renminbi gold is either averaged or maintained above $400/g. And the price of zinc lead, or the supply of basic face phase, remains high against a background of still tight supply.
The progress of the project and the improvements in the technology of the project are lower than expected, and the risk of trading in the acquisition of mining rights is higher than expected.
He was the investment manager (cta) of the East Hing asset management program and the general manager of the East Hing Futures Investment Consulting Department.
He won the second prize in the joint study of options of the China Financial Futures Exchange (CIFE) and the third prize in the joint study of options of the Chinese Institute; he won the silver and multimedia copper prizes for the Chinese futures competition: he won the third prize in the market competition for the soybean futures of the Dalian Commodity Exchange, and he is the winner of the competition in the competition for futures.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
East Hing Securities reported silver gold (000975): Mineral gold is growing and the company is accelerating into the long term.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.