Researchchand developmentcenter Long Logic and Short Game
- Europole's in-depth report. 1.q3 income, 30 January 2023.
Repurchase starts, everyone gets a big head for thin hair. 3. Retailing bright-eyes and holding, q2 Mäori performance is stable. Long logic and short game.
From a review, we believe that the strategic vision of entrepreneurs remains a corporate success. Although custom-made, Euro-based industries (603833) have slowed growth over the past few years, channel flows have been divided and industry ' s unmarked & heavy service attributes have made it difficult.
To achieve rapid concentration, but we also see that the Europeans, led by Chairman Yao Dong, are strong, and that the executive push for the "continuing relays of the class, new channels" has led us to witness the company's seven-year history, its strong position in the industry, and its performance is leading and valued.
Price effects are significant. Our understanding of companies is also deepening, and at this stage we are focusing on the fact that, in the context of the convergence of consumption trends, firms are growing rapidly, the power of the absorbent effect is showing, and the market share is expected to accelerate.
According to the China-China Association ' s Study of the Consumption Behaviour of the State in 2021, in 2021, the penetration rate (consumers choosing the fit) was 20.86 per cent, an increase of 3.5 pct over 2020.
A 7.9 pct up from 2019, where the first line of cities has reached 30%. We believe that the fashion model (davidity) has evolved rapidly in recent years, in line with the bottom logic of that year's rapid increase in custom penetration (product dimension), which is that it better meets consumer needs and meets the industry chain at the lower point of the day.
(a) For consumers, the traditional home-dressing industry, which is dominated by cleaning and semi-package, requires more knowledge of the consumer’s home-building materials, less cost-controllable, and time-consuming renovations. More than 50% of the time spent in the distribution is spent waiting for the next process, and the renovation experience is generally not good.
High. At the same time, the rejuvenation of domestic consumption groups has become apparent in recent years, and young consumers are increasingly demanding less time-consuming and less productive domestic experiences. The fashion model, which allows for the productization of domestic processes and the utensils, meets consumer demands for “saving time” renovations and effectively addresses the problem of elimination.
2) For domestic dress companies, down-cycles and improvements, the demand for traditional garment industries has been hit much more by the number of small decorating companies in the country, according to the data from the Chinese Association. Most of the existing garment companies are also actively seeking to make a single fare.
Extension of the industrial chain and expansion of the share of the marketable shares (%) by means of the sale of the entire product categories such as construction, main appurtenance, furniture, etc.)
As a result of the diversion, product-type companies are also active in developing up-to-date channels to capture the front flow entrances. The company is now in the middle of a business model barrier, building a one-stop home-to-house service platform for the long term, and creating a Chinese consumer brand.
The product-type company cards, uplinks to the installation entrance, downsides consumer demand, and the business model is suitable for national expansion and scale. Second, since the introduction of the "Eurasian Solution for All" in 2018, the company has made a dramatic leap in the size of the whole operation and has gradually evolved throughout Europe.
The model, which furthers the development of a new model of corporate packaging in different parts of the country, has so far developed a two-wheel-drive model of "larger house" + "retail assembly" to jointly accelerate the opening of the pipeline. Again, looking at this long track, we believe that the "brand channel" remains the most basic competition for consumer goods.
The key, and as the company's packaging and layout deepens, the synergies between the multiple channels of strong brands should accelerate the release of the promise, and the pattern of sales should remain largely dependent on the “European character” of the large retail system, which is expected to build a corporate business model to protect the city.
We believe that the market has insufficient confidence in the configuration of the Europa, and two major concerns are: the concern that the downside of production will have a significant negative impact on the performance of home-based enterprises; and the concern that, with changes in the business structure of companies in recent years, new categories/channels with lower Māori rates will have an impact on the overall Māori ratio of the company.
In our view, with regard to real estate, the Chinese economy is still in the process of urbanization and rising consumption, the household sector in particular can be seen from historical data.
Well, itd has a strong economic cycle, the retailing of furniture is associated with a weak property cycle, and the industry consumes more than the 9th House of the House of the City of the West Side, Beijing.
The post-natal cycle attributes. The Europa family has experienced the fundamentals of the past few years, where the landscape has opened, where the product channels have become better integrated, and where the c end market share is expected to accelerate. 2) With regard to profit margins, first of all, we recognize the European model of production in the context of self-produced +oem/brand partnerships.
While full product self-production maximizes the profits of the manufacturer, the European model of self-produced +oem/brand collaboration is based on the business starting point of “better match consumer demand” and provides consumers with more choice of home-based products, while companies focus on making deep core niches and upgrading production.
And second, the corporate business structure changes along with the profit-consumption model of the profit sheet, and we expect the downward pressure on net interest rates to be manageable. And again, in the long run, we think that custom-based domestic products do not differ much, and companies are taking advantage of low-stage, low-mori business fast.
Building channels to protect the city's rivers is a long-term prospect for Chinese consumers to build a one-stop home-to-home service platform that saves time and effort, and to create a Chinese consumer brand for the residential sector. For 23 years, or another Davids double-click, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
In 2022, the year of the long-term development goals of the World Group of Eminent Persons, which led to the re-emergence of the industry landscape, we believe that the firm’s position has been significantly enlarged and the industry’s adjustment period has accelerated its long-term strategy.
Twenty-three years are expected to hit again at both performance and valuation, and even though short-term market sentiment or performance is still subject to the epidemic, it is recommended that the opportunity be harnessed positively, with strong expectations of a 23-year recovery in consumption. Risk factors: economic recovery is less than expected, and raw material costs are at a much higher risk.
We think that the strategic vision of entrepreneurs is still a corporate champion. Although the custom industry has been growing faster over the past few years, channel flows have been fragmented, and the industry’s non-standard and heavy service attributes have made it difficult to achieve rapid concentration, we also see that Europe, led by Chairman Yao Dong, has sent a strong enforcement force to push for a “continuing relay of goods, new channels” that we see.
Evidence of the firm’s seven-year history, which has continued to strengthen its position as a leader in the industry, and has demonstrated its leadership in the industry, as well as significant value-added effects. Our understanding of the company is also deepening, and at this stage we are focusing on the fact that, in the context of the convergence of consumption trends, the company’s strength is growing rapidly, the inhaling power is showing, and the market share is expected to accelerate.
The consumption trend has been stymied, with emphasis on the penetration rate of the custom sector, Beta, following the penetration dividend of the product dimension, which, according to the China-China Association ' s Study of State Condomination Behaviour in 2021, was 20.86 per cent in 2021 (the proportion of consumers choosing to fit), an increase of 3.5 pct compared to 2020 and 7.9 pct compared to 2019, with 30 per cent in the first line of cities.
In our view, the rapid development of the whole assembly model (channel dimensions) in recent years is consistent with the logic of the very high rate of custom penetration (product dimensions) at the bottom of the year, i.e., better meeting consumer needs and meeting the demands of the various parties in the industry chain at the lower point of the hour: 1) for consumers, the traditional home-dressing industry, which is dominated by clean and semi-package, is more demanding in terms of consumer knowledge of home construction materials.
Cost is less manageable, and the renovation process is time-consuming. More than 50% of the time in the traditional renovations is spent waiting for the next process, and the renovation experience is generally low.
The package meets the consumer's demand for “save time” renovations and effectively addresses the consumer's pains. 2) The number of domestic architectural decorations has fallen from 132,000 in 2016 to 106,000 in 2020 and the number of companies that have left the market has been reduced by a large impact on the demand for the traditional domestic garment industry.
Most of the existing garment companies are also actively seeking to be large-scale, extending the industrial chain and expanding the layout of their operations by means of full-scale sales such as construction, staples, furniture, etc. 3) For product-type companies such as staples, furniture, etc., they have been affected by the diversion in recent years through such channels as finishing, finishing, electricity, etc.
The company has come into existence as a business model barrier, with a long-term one-stop home-based service platform and a Chinese consumer brand. First, we look at a home-wide custom-made product-type card that is represented by the Europeans, and we go up to the point of entry, face down consumer demand, and the business model is suitable for national expansion and scale. Second, companies,
Since the introduction in 2018 of the “Eurasian dress-up for everyone”, the size of the dress-up business has increased dramatically, with the demonstration effect of the formation of the European dress-up in various parts of the country, giving further impetus to the development of the new model of the company's dress-up in different parts of the country; a two-wheel-drive model has been developed for the “replace-all” plus “retail-retailing” to accelerate the development of the pipeline. Again, looking at the long track, we think, “Produced.”
Branding channels continue to be the three most essential elements of competition for consumer goods, and as the company's packaging and layout deepens, the synergies between strong brands and multi-channels are expected to accelerate the release, and the pattern of sales of plastics remains largely dependent on a strong retail system supported by the “European identity” that is expected to build a corporate business model to protect the river.
One, seven years of development: Alpha's strong growth. Reverse, in the context of the slowdown in the custom industry and the rapid diversion of channels in recent years, we believe that the strategic vision of entrepreneurs is, in the past, a corporate success.
Breaking it up, we witnessed the company’s seven-year history and its continued consolidation as a leader in the industry, leading the way in recent years, with an increase in valuation premiums. Informatization, 2021 – to date – is working hand in hand.
Figure 1: A review of trends in equity prices in Europa The concentration of industry has accelerated, with companies performing ahead and valued premium increases. Europoles are leading the custom-based household sector, with corporate revenues of 24% and net gains of 33% respectively in 2015-2021, even after 2018.
With the firm’s leading position in the past few years, valuation premiums have gradually gained access to capital, recognized by the market, the company’s valuation level has been ahead of the industry as a whole by 3x~7x since 2018, and the valuation has also slowed down twice since its rollout since 2020 (3q18, 3q22), but we believe that Europe’s population in 2022 is home.
In the first three quarters of 2022, companies invested in budgets because of higher costs at the beginning of the year, while the rapidly changing domestic consumption and real estate environment since 2q22 led to a weakening of the growth rate of excess profits. In our view, the adjustment of each round of industry over the past few years has been a great opportunity to accelerate the long-term layout of the business, and the firm's reversal.
Accelerating the layout of the channels reflects management’s strategic vision of the long-term direction of the industry, with a 23-year recovery in the industry’s climate, which has led to a high level of volatility. Figure 4: Corporate valuations and custom industry valuations in recent years
In the 1990s, the company took the lead in introducing the European concept of “total kitchen” into the country, creating a home-grown front-loaded cabinet, and in 2021, the company took the lead in custom cabinets, leading the domestic closet industry. In the early twenty-first century, the company took the lead in the expansion of the class, in 2003 in the overall bath, and in 2005 in the overall suit.
The cabinet, which in 2010 moved to custom-made wooden doors, soft suits and so on, has steadily advanced in the expansion of the class; in 2014, it officially launched the “House for All” strategy, with the creation of a sub-brand “Operry” in 2015 targeting young clients, the flexible adaptation of the tailoring, piloting of metals, and the rapid development of closets and the accelerated seizure of channels in 2018.
Minor adjustments are made around “how to make a rapid scale” and are more timely and effective. Everything is about how to do a rapid scale, and the closet business is “co-co-co-co-co-co-co-co-operated.” For example, in the case of the closet business: 1) in the early stages of development, the company’s high-profile cabinets were dominated by a high-profile closets, which encouraged the distributors of the old cabinets.
The agent closet business, which laid the foundation for an early and smooth recruitment process. 2) Then, the company ' s fast-growing closet business, which also placed higher demands on the distributors for further work on the size of the closet and the allocation of closet resources. As a result, the closet business gradually became independent as part of an integrated household marketing line, increasing the number of individual vendors of the closets, 2014-2017, the company became independent.
Year after year, there has also been a shift in the “synchronous” recruitment strategy and a rapid expansion in the scale of operations. Figure 7: Growth of distributors has accelerated with the expansion of stand-alone vendors from 2014 onwards: channel innovation + informatization
1.2.1 Retail outlets are built on the basis of solidure, which is a first step in the process. Retail channels are used in a pilot multi-store setting in the context of: 1) diversion of channels. After 2018, the company’s retail outlets are in the form of, among other things, shopping malls, everyone’s stores, product-based blending stores, etc.; retail agents are encouraged.
In the face of changes in consumption and the decline in the flow of traditional retail outlets, companies have taken the lead in launching the “22m19,800 package” within the industry, which gives consumers a better sense of “prices, transparency, transparency of consumption.”
Qualitatively, innovative marketing models that highlight the value for money of a product through a well-defined set of price models have led to single prices, purchase orders, annual closets and homeowners making up $6.8 billion in operating income, becoming the largest enterprise in the country's closets, successfully building double-dressing, and carefully opening up channels. Until 2016, while the retail business of the company was growing rapidly, the bulk of the business was relatively stable.
After 2018, in response to an increase in the rate of improvement of residential goods houses, the company has made significant efforts to develop its operations and has encouraged regional distributors to move forward. In practical terms, the share of revenues from engineering operations has increased since 2019, but has remained below 20% overall; and as the real estate industry has undergone a profound adjustment in 2021, the company has not had much to offer.
In 2018, the company launched a home-to-house project in partnership with regional top-level companies to build a home-to-house, with Europeans using brand influence and house-to-house customization.
The integration of the domestic supply chain of main materials and soft products, the provision of landing services such as flow entrances, designs, and the installation of delivery, and the recruitment of loading companies as dealers in the company’s assembly and distribution. As the company’s home-to-house operations continue, the cleaning channels have gradually become an income-generating contribution since 2019.
Figure 10: The share of revenue from engineering operations remains below 20%. Design end: auto-researched caxa upgrade terminal, HQ efficiency.
On the terminal side, the caxa software was fully online by 2020, achieving a high degree of integration, single-key, and efficiency enhancement of the software port. During the same period, the three-dimensional caxa software was advanced for better cross-filtering in the closet area; by the end of July 2021, 85% of the cabinet order designers had chosen to use the caxa design software.
2) For its part, in the first half of 2020, there were over 60 per cent cancellation orders for closets, with a pass rate of over 90 per cent; in 2021, full implementation of the custom orders was achieved with 75 per cent waivers, 85 per cent waivers and fast reviews, and 95 per cent pass once.” By 2021, the company had completed the full application of its own caxa home design software at more than 7,000 shops across all channels.
So far, Caxa home design software has been integrated in the whole room (cooking, clothing, wooden doors, wallboards, guards, balconys, home sets) and scene sales. In 2021, the Caxa design software billing account was close to 30,000, resulting in a single-day online design programme of over 40,000, with a peak day of over 100,000 pieces of cloud-based computing capacity and an actual over 400,000 high-profile graphs.
Figure 12: Caxa software optimizes the design of a single process at the manufacturing end: Euro-manufacturing 2025, with significant results in information-building. The company officially launched Euro-manufacturing 2025 in 2015.
The strategy is to integrate the Internet, big data and artificial intelligence manufacturing, and to digitalize the entire chain of marketing, research and development, manufacturing, and logistics transport. Euro-based production of 2025 consists mainly of the major backbone systems of mtds, wcc, mscscs, aps+mes, mcts, process synergies, automation, and intelligent innovative marketing and manufacturing models.
Informationalization has led to a significant increase in operating efficiency and per capita efficiency. As informationization works, the efficiency of company operations has declined to 20 days per year, to 3 days in 2021; per capita benefits have continued to increase and per capita income generation has continued to increase from $540,000 in 2017.
The brand matrix has been further refined to support the expansion of the full range of products. Since 2021, the company has recommenced the group ' s brand totems, further increasing its coverage for different channels and groups of consumers. In early 2021, the European Integrated Kitchen was launched, new integrated stoves were introduced, and more client groups were expanded, with more than 600 integrated kitchens opened in 2021; and in May 2022, it was promoted by Europe.
In June 2022, the company acquired Italy's top 50-year-old high-end furniture brand.
At the end of the product: Design-driven, product-type integration of bill of lading values. 1) In the whole of the room, companies customize from the earliest closets to the whole house, and the product pattern changes. In recent years, companies have increased their efforts to integrate standard furniture for the entire house.
In 2021, the company upgraded the original “19,800” whole-house package to a full “29,800” package, adding 10 furniture packages to the original net closet base, with a further emphasis on the cost of the package; in 2021, the company owned more than 7000 end-to-end shops throughout the country, which provided extensive network support for the supply chain products.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the value of the Eurasia closet guest list, with the income from home support businesses growing rapidly from $700 million in 2019 to $2.1 billion in 2021, and the overall income from the help company ' s closet (including the home set) passed $10 billion in 2021. In July 2022, the Eurasia closet was upgraded by 2.0 standards of customization, gradually shifting from 1.0 to user thinkers.
Figure 17: The bottom logic of the evolution of the EPP model is user thinking. 2) The EPP cabinets are packed, distributed, integrated kitchens are multi-point layouts, and old cooks are being adapted, and access advantages are being explored in 2021.
The Europa cabinet has over 1,300 new shops, promoting more than 3,000 retail distributors to co-operate and innovatively integrate kitchens, opening more than 600 throughout the year, capturing market pulses, building new marketing models such as “healthy kitchens”, “old kitchens” and “new” and investing in new dynamic business development, fully reflecting the strength and appeal of the brand of the global leading cabinet.
Figure 20: Europa closets in partnership with a number of major brands Figure 21: The cabinets launch the "48 Hours of Old Cooking" business at the end of the channel: billing leads to retail and retail growth, and dressing through multi-purpose contributions. 1) Retail outlets, public after 2018
The Division’s retail outlets have gradually shifted from opening to being co-located, and as the value of the company’s passenger manifests has increased over the past two years, the quality of the closets has continued to improve, and the amount of single stores has steadily expanded.
15.0%. Moreover, in 2022, based on the increasing sophistication of the multi-grade layouts over the past few years, the company introduced a corporate model of joint ventures to accelerate the integration of the channel types. (2) The overalls, with the advantages of the multi-grade layouts in the company’s industry, also provide a strong support for rapid cut-in.
Since 2019, the whole pipeline product structure has been dominated by two major core categories of garments (before 2021, the closets did not contain home-made products), supported by wooden doors and toilet products, and a small number of primary feeder businesses. As a result, the single value of the closets (including household accessories) is much higher than the carpentry, as of 1h22, the total share of the garment camps is 20.5%, 64.8%, 7.7%, 5.7%, and so on.
As the company continues to improve the construction of a collaborative supply chain platform, it is expected that the share of major support materials in the pipeline will remain relatively high: 1.4 industry positions: moving from a one-single tap to everyone's head in the past few years, the growth of the custom sector has slowed, but companies have continued to expand their growth ceilings through expansion. In recent years, with the cycle of real estate,
Slowing down, first round of customization needs universalized, customization penetration slowed down and industry as a whole slowed down. 1) According to our estimates of annual domestic demand, it is assumed that the number of new housing needs is the average number of packages sold over the past three years, and that the renovation cycle is 15 years and 10 per cent for the current year, combined with annual double-hatting, we estimate that the number of homes will be installed in 2021.
2) Industry is expected to decline in size, with a growth rate of 8 per cent, 3 per cent, 2023-2025, depending on the average price of closets, closets, wooden doors and household demand. By 2021, the market for custom garments was estimated to be 26.7 billion yuan, and by 2022 it was affected by domestic consumption and real estate, respectively.
At the same time, we have seen companies move faster in recent years in the area of finished furniture, such as software, opening up further growth space. By the same calibre, the size of the flexible industry, represented by sofa and bed, was estimated at $134.7 billion in 2021.
The size of the overall market for finished furniture (in soft) is estimated to be the same as that of the custom-made industry. Europa’s presence in the custom-made sector has continued to increase, and its leadership has been consolidated.
See, the company’s share of the custom-based household (clothing) industry continued to rise from 3.0% in 2016 to 2021, and the company’s share of the closet market has been strong in recent years, with its share in the industry rising to the top, while the woodgates have gradually increased their contribution. However, the market pattern in the custom-based sector is still fragmented, with Europa, Sofia, and the Chinese mansions in 2021.
The share of cr3 represented is about 11 per cent, the share of cr5 (cr3+ Chi Bong family, gold kitchen) is about 14 per cent, and we expect to raise the share of cr3 and cr5 to about 13 per cent and 16 per cent respectively in 2022, while the share of head businesses is still low, and in the future it is still figure 25: Euro-based households continue to dominate the market in the cabinet area.
Figure 26: The share of Europa households in home-wide customization has increased rapidly.
When the Europa cabinet opens up the growth space, the leading business continues to have a low market share in the industry.
From 2012 to 2021, the share of companies in the retail market continued to rise from 0.6% in 2012 to 1.9% in 2021, plus home based, home based China, Sofia, and Minhua.
Second, the long logic: making the whole home brand that consumers want to get, see, and afford. We think that the rise in the demand for one-stop improvements in the future is a big move, and that the costumes will be set up by making home-based process products and offering offers.
Based on this, we view home-wide custom-based product-type cards, which are representative of companies, to connect up to the entry point, to face down consumer demand at the end of c, a business model suited to national expansion and scale.
Second, since the introduction of the European Reassembly in 2018, the company has made a dramatic leap in the size of the dress-up business, gradually taking shape in various parts of the country, and the demonstration effect of the European Reassembly has given further impetus to the development of the new model of the company's reassembly in different parts of the country; to date, it has developed a two-wheel drive model of "reassembly-house" plus "retail-up" to accelerate the development of the pipeline.
Once again, looking at this long track, we believe that the “product branding channel” remains the three most basic elements of competition for consumer goods, and that, as the company's packaging and the layout of the community deepens, the synergies between the multiple channels of strong brands are expected to accelerate the release and the packaging of the product model, which remains largely dependent on the strong retail system of the “European identity”, which is expected to build corporate business models together.
2.1 The rise of the whole installation and the trend towards precision control of the industry has increased rapidly in recent years, reaching a national average of 21% in 2021 and 30% in the first line of cities.
Grain size suggests that it can be broken down into concrete steel boxes + tubes + cable + plugs + hardware + coating + door and window + floor + bath + ceiling + cabinet + closet + couch + bedside + walls + curtains, etc. Under traditional packing, semi-package, consumers need to spend a lot of time buying their own main materials and familiarizing themselves with their home-dressing knowledge.
According to data from the China-China Association ' s Study of State Condomination Behaviour in 2021, the proportion of consumers choosing to dress in 2021 was 20.86%, 3.5pt higher than in 2020, and 7.9pt higher than in 2019.
See, the proportion of first-line urban consumers choosing the plastics model is higher, at 30 per cent, and the number of second- and third-line cities is about 19 per cent, four-line and so, in our view, the rapid growth of the plastics model in recent years is essentially in line with industrial trends, in line with the demands of the immediate industrial chain: 1) for consumers, the traditional home-dressing industry, which is dominated by cleaning and half-package, and for consumers.
At the same time, there has been a clear trend of rejuvenation in recent years, with young consumers increasingly demanding integrated domestic experiences that save time and effort. More than 50% of the time spent in traditional renovations is spent waiting for the next process, and consumers generally have less experience of fit-out.
In turn, the introduction of the assembly model, the productization of the domestic process and the à la carte à la carte, satisfy the consumer's demand for the "save time and time" renovation, effectively addressing the consumer's pains. According to the consumer's satisfaction rating for the half-pack, the full package, and the three modes, the whole package is higher than the half-pack and the full package in each of the break-down areas.
Figure 33: Overhaul of the length of the domestic loading process Figure 34: A heterogeneous variety of domestic materials Figure 35: Reassembly model to simplify multi-faceted offers for consumers
2) For domestic garment companies, lower property cycles and higher rates of improvement have had a significant impact on the demand for the traditional domestic garment industry. According to Chinese Trade Union data, the number of domestic architectural and decoration companies has fallen from 132,000 in 2016 to 106,000 in 2020, and the number of low-quality small-scale apparel companies is dominated by those that have left the market.
Large passenger singles, extending the industrial chain and widening the business layout through full-product sales, such as construction, main support materials, furniture. At the same time, the whole-package business model raises the question of upgrading the overall capacity for renovations, as it involves longer industrial chains, requiring a certain size, technical strength, and financial strength.
3) For product-type companies such as staples, furniture, etc., which have been affected by the diversion of channels such as appliance, dressing, electricity, etc., in recent years, the Department of Product-type Affairs has also been active in developing up-to-date channels to obtain more customers and to capture the pre-flow entrance. We believe that “domestic process product” is the greatest feature of the plastic model, and that the product sold is a “complete home”.
In this context, home-wide customization is also a better attraction because of the presence and presence of a large number of house-wide permeable spaces and a strong sense of value integration and brand attributes, which are the core categories of home-loading visualization; and, at the same time, home-wide customization, which has design ownership and service attributes. So, among the participants in the plastic chain, we see it as a home-wide customization.
The product-type companies are carded, connected up to the doorway, face down consumer demand tight on the end of c, and the business model is consistent with the national expansion. 2.2 Escorts: barriers to business models are emerging
Since the introduction in 2018 of the “Eurasian Solution for All” business, the scale of the business has increased dramatically, gradually creating a demonstration effect in various parts of the country, giving further impetus to the development of new models for the organization; to date, a two-wheel drive model has been developed for the “Putting for Everyone” + “Retail Retail Retailing” to accelerate the development of the pipeline.
Although the sales pattern is different from that of traditional retail outlets, it is largely supported by a strong retail system with a “European identity”, which is expected to build together a long-term corporate business model to protect the city.
2.2.1 Putting everyone together: Eusenian dress-up, branding and remodeling, making everyone run, and increasing consumer experience and efficiency. The core value of dressing everyone is “one house,” which includes two core values: one is to provide consumers with a better domestic consumption experience, and one is to make a home-dressing business more efficient.
In recent years, companies have accelerated the pace of development and marketing of end-to-end models, and the Europeans have basically run through them.
On October 10th, Europe’s build-up of the list of recipients reached 2.4 billion, the same level as in the year 2021. The fashion model is constantly being optimized, and Europe’s build-up-starry-to-starry-to-starry-to-star-to-be.
After a brief break, the store expanded again in 2021. Since 2021, the fashion model has been improving: 1) The new brand, Starhomes Home, was launched in early 2021. As of December 3, 2021, the home of Starhomes has made a cumulative break of $500 million. 2) In 2022, the home of Starhomes was renamed Phoenicus.
Thinking about achieving a two-brand entry into an integrated and custom-made track where the firm takes the lead in decorating the track; 3) working with head-loading strategies such as St. Dow's decorations to optimize the full-flow service model; 4) performing a full-scale "refusion energy" and "influence intelligence" for all people in the distributors, re-engineering the support terminal operating system, transforming the management model and increasing the overall operational effectiveness
In October of that year, the European strategy for the preparation of new plastics was officially launched, defining the new European dress as a retail service model to meet the lifestyle needs of consumers as a whole by means of an integrated design, one-stop product integration and a package of construction services.
In order to better support the new upholstery strategy, a full upgrade of the operating system will be made, and six new upholstery proposals will be put forward, including 1+n, self-employment of products, self-employment of services, team-building, supply chain shortlists, and deep-drawing of the local community, with a strong implementation of the back-up strategy for the new upholstery.
Energetic power; 2) issuing the best five standards for a good home. The Europeans are putting out a new version of the brand, which is good-looking, useful, good-quality, good-serving, good-priced, and a really sweet and comfortable home for consumers.
Consumers, assemblers, branders of products win: meeting consumer demand for beauty, good, fast, and provincial, deep-enhanced, enabling model upgrades, opening up a new blue sea for branders of products. Pannist plastics: model evolution, building a "one-stop super-integrated service provider." June 2022, "Starhomes star."
The change of name to “Ponis” as the most fully-fledged brand of the Europoliticized Group; and the recruitment of Xiaojun as a voice for the “Ponius” brand image for the rapid expansion of the Poniz market competitiveness and the dissemination of marketing power, also demonstrate the importance that companies attach to branding.
Model evolution: Ponice’s distributors are mainly head-loaded, supported by retail distributors with the ability to service the renovation. Ponise is either a fit-up-based, custom-based product-saled, or a retail-based product-based retailer with the main, fit-out service, and plans to launch the Ponise one-stop super-integrator service in the first half of 2023.
In this development scenario, Ponise will form four major business models that can be assembled, retailed, refined, and platformed. But, whether they are upholstered or retail, consumers can buy a 998/m package at the Pennist National Restaurant to harmonize sales patterns.
2) Product evolution: accelerates the integration of full product categories. At the product level, Ponnis quickly covers the blank market by distinguishing between European-style and panorama products, using design elements as a standard against a high value for money ratio, integrating whole product groups, maximizing the advantages of group-wide, integrated R & D and global supply chain procurement, integrating with the depth of the assembly, and providing customized integration for customers.
In 2022, Ponnis invested heavily in new products and has launched a series of 10 products that meet the differences. In January-July 2022, Punice's billings outperformed by $500 million, increasing by over 110 per cent, bringing the total number of doors to 293: Pingness's branding shop covered 1,300 cities, opened 3,000 and sold over 10 billion.
2.2.2 Retail dressing: abc multi-model pilot, which accelerates the increase in the share of dressing, in addition to putting everyone together, the company has in recent years stepped up retail dressing and cooperated with the retail distributors and local apparel companies. Through the existing closet distributors, it is possible to develop the garment business by working locally with local loading companies and to choose the option of being in a shop.
In 2022, the retail assembly model was completely upgraded with the launch of three models, abc, a more locally adapted form of landing for different cities, a network of regional administrations covering the entire country, from training support, active marketing, and demonstration.
In the first half of 2022, the number of European garment cabinets was more than 600 and the number of European garment companies performing more than $600 million; the company's goal was to achieve 3,000+ in three years' time.
A pattern: the traditional supplier model. This is a combination of the advantages of the European local distributors and the advantages of the local distributors, which are directed to the local distributors, and the distributors add a certain product to the Māori supply.
Model b: service provider model. Model b is a three-way agreement between the European Union and all major players, i.e., the European headquarters and local distributors, and the loading firm, in a tripartite form of cooperation to achieve complementarity of resources, complementarity of advantages, and complementarity of capabilities. The loading company directly interfaces with headquarters, deals with front-end sales, deals with subsequent work, designs, installs, sells and sells back-ends.
Local retail distributors are responsible. Model c: Big customer model. The big customer model is based on direct collaboration between headquarters and the garment company, which is similar to the one-size-fits-all model.
We believe that, against a backdrop of rising passenger costs in recent years, the company’s two-way approach to the decorating track, “all-round” plus “zero-sale” reflects management’s commitment to a comprehensive and rapid landing of the fit-out strategy.
There is a need and urgency for multi-modal packaging cooperation in the face of irreversible consumption trends, a highly fragmented domestic market pattern. According to the Euro100 million think tank report, the size of the country ' s garment industry was 3.5 trillion in mid-2020, and the capr was 11.1 per cent in 2015-2020, of which the construction materials market was 1.06 trillion, the capr 5.5 per cent in 2015-2020, and the home software market size.
In 2020, the number of construction and renovation enterprises in China stood at 106,000, according to a study of the medium-term loading industry published by the Irene consultancy, with a very low concentration of the garment industry, a marked regional pattern, no more than 5 billion head companies, and less than 1 per cent of the city. In this context, we believe that the future Europeans will be able to house everyone by means of the refurbishment process.
Retailing is multi-pronged, the number of cooperative companies, the amount of single goods (converted into European-style plastic customers * passenger manifests) is larger. 2.3 Euros live: the first heart is as strong as the first heart is, and we think that, as industry trends and corporate business evolves, the logic of the company's future growth is more than just a single.
The increase in the value of the flyer of the caliber, or the expansion of the retail, dress, and engineering channels, is an ecological step-by-step process that accelerates construction under multiple channels. By fast-tracking large passenger singles, reducing the cost of receiving customers, and by increasing the scope of the economy’s entry barriers, linear growth is expected to leapfrog into geometric growth.
2.3.1 The model is constantly being refined, with the “retailing and retailing” of the North-South Development Strategy defined in 2016 as a one-stop shop, a package of residential development strategies, and the early launch of the Man-Ping shop pilot, which is represented by Harbin. This has been followed by the introduction of mini-cooked, home-dressing and multi-year explorations.
In 2022, the European system was built in a basic form, divided into the north slope (replaced) and the south slope (retailed). The north slope is built up to house everyone, and is used as an entrance to the traffic, including the European or Ponist or two brands; and the south slope is retailed to house everyone, with retail agents as an entrance to the flow.
Fig. 49: Euclesiastical dress-up, Fig. 50: Eusenian retailing, Feathering, Retailing, Retailing, Retailing, Retailing, Refurbishment, Refurbishment in three main forms: the first form, i.e., the pre-existing retail store with additional elements, and the agent.
Attempts have been made to be the main, low-cost input, and less demanding; in the form of supermarkets, where retail agents operate retail stores in shopping malls far from the traditional ones, to provide cleaning services to consumers; and in the form of joint ventures, where the joint venture could have been opened with the participation of the head office in the early stages of its existence.
Figure 51: Evolution of the European model of residence, retail distribution by pattern, with four main versions: Model 1.0, the first of the traditional big shops in 2016, piloted on behalf of Harbin, Tianjin, etc., but due to the high size of the early doors, the passenger flow bill was raised.
Limited, overall impact; 2.0 model to increase renovation areas for existing traditional retail outlets, to open retail outlets, to direct consumer flows of the demand for dressing to local partners and to charge a certain flow charge; 3.0 model to store malls at a certain distance from the home construction complex, which require more than 300 squares in size.
Renovation of the business; 4.0 model, which is a joint venture with more than 1,000 people, with the renovation being carried out by the joint venture itself, requires the highest amount of money and combined strength for retailers. 2.3.2 Product branding channels are accelerating the construction of the protected river.
Although the pattern of popularization is still evolving, we see that the company's business system around this direction has been first shaped, that the synergies are being released faster and wider, unlike the earlier models of traditional conglomerates, shopping malls, and so on.
The Bureau has gradually become more relevant to the key elements of the operations of the everyone ' s gate shop: access to the book is reduced through full-channel currents, brand effects are reduced, the value of the guest list is raised through multi-species, and conversion rates are increased through informatization. Figure 52: Key elements of the everyone ' s house ' s operation: flow costs, conversion rates, unit prices
The results of our calculations of the model for the operation of the door shop show that the sale of the door shop, which covers fixed costs such as rent, labour, etc., is an important basis for the re-opening of the supermarket model. According to our sensitivity analysis of the rent ratio, if the rate is 30%, 35% and 40% respectively, the value of the stop-to-go rate rises to $100,000.
At $80,000, $70,000 or more, the cost of door rents as a proportion of sales can be kept below 10%, thereby safeguarding the good operation of the door. Further, the net interest rate at the door is 30%, 35%, and 40%, and the corresponding unit value rises to $100,000, $80,000, $70,000, respectively, to a better level of profitability, and the net interest rate rises to a better level.
(a) At the end of the product: the matrix is rich, and multi-grade combinations provide support for the community. To date, the company has evolved from a single cabinet to a combination of two core items: a closet, a garment, and a multi-species layout such as accessories, wooden doors, baths, metal windows;
In addition, the ratio of income to wood doors, baths, other (metal-containing windows, armoured doors, soft fittings, wall decorations, excellent materials, etc.) has been steadily rising. In 2021, the company ' s wooden doors achieved $1.24 billion in revenue, representing 6 per cent of the revenue, and the size of the collection was in the forefront of the woodgate industry.
From the same space’s consumption scene, the woodgates are highly integrated with the entire house, and as the company’s wooden gates become more sophisticated, it is expected that there will be more room for future development. Moreover, the company shares its own supply chain and co-operatives while integrating global brand supplies.
The list of supply chain collaborations in the Wei and Opiardian closets contains not only local military leaders such as Mus Sus, Chihuahua Sofa, Casati, but also global giants such as Philips, Bos, Twins, Linnet, Hewlettpool, and m&d. In the case of cooperative costumes, by working together with the Europeans, the Europeans can share powerful brand supply chain systems, with higher premiums and easier dealings.
Channels: A strong channel system is an important basis of practice in the search for a home-to-house model. Twenty-eight years, companies have developed a large number of retail businesses under the "tree root theory" and powerful agents have piloted a new model for companies, providing an effective basis for practice. It is also based on a strong channel base that, with the successful pilot of the home-to-house model, launched in 2018, has made it possible
The company has taken the lead on the entire course, cooperating in a number of excellent head-dressing initiatives. In an effort to find a place and deepen the strategy of living together, the company, while using multi-purpose efforts to build multi-form matrices, has promoted multi-species integration, upgraded its custom-made strategy, multi-dimensional testing of water, custom-made integration, and the introduction of multi-species combinations.
In 2021, with a multiplicity of products, multichannels, and a multi-channel approach, the one-stop-shop model of custom-made fit-out started with a wide-scale pilot. From the Guangzhou pilot model, the Guangzhou branch provides a one-stop service to consumers by integrating resources from within and outside the system.
By working with local renovation companies, which provide hard-loading, master materials, etc., the Europeans offer custom-made products, consolidate brands such as tiles, ceilings, etc., and provide consumers with one-stop-shop services like demolition, renting, moving, and warehousing. In 2022, it was also dominated by major businesses in the pilot cities of the joint venture, suggesting that the system’s major players are for everyone.
Recognition of and support for long-term strategic direction has been a long-term search for a European distribution system. Figure 56: Integration of custom fit-out practices completed in Guangzhou in 2021. Figure 57: Launch of a joint venture pilot in 2022
Brand end: The scale effect enhances brand power and helps to reduce access costs. Against the backdrop of slower growth in the industry in recent years, and increased marketing costs, income has been growing as companies have deepened their multi-purpose multi-channel business layouts, further reinforcing the “European” brand image, helping to reduce access costs and improve transformation rates.
By 2022, nps (net recommended by customers) had risen to 90%, compared to 41% in 2017, indicating that consumer recognition of corporate brands had increased steadily in recent years and helped companies to move forward.
Figure 58: Company retail channels (including wholes) roi are at a higher peer level Figure 59: Recent nps (net customer recommendation) upgrades, 2.4 supply chain upgrades, consolidation of infrastructure construction
In addition to recent innovations in the business model, European households have accelerated their efforts to strengthen supply chain capacity-building. In 2018, the “dry silos” project, which was optimized over the last few years, led to a complete upgrading of the logistics system.
The project “Eurasian Perfect Materials”, which integrates the home builder supply chain, provides one-stop main support material purchases for cooperative apparel companies and retailers, builds a logistics supply chain system, builds a logistics supply chain system, and upgrades the logistics system in its entirety in 2018.
Element, characterized by weight concentration, irregularities, low value of individual items and non-standardized packaging; transport in transit is the responsibility of distributors, which lose the authority to manage the goods in transit to the home after the final warehouse, and, because of the fragmentation of the dealers, the lack of sufficient control over carriers, the lack of management in transit, and repeated transits that result in high losses of needles.
The company started the dry warehouse allocation model in 2018 in the wake of the pains of a combination of goods, high losses, leaks, and cost escalation above industry logistics: a rigorous dry warehouse carrier management programme was developed by the company, a small number of quality guaranteed carriers were selected to serve the national market, and a standard warehouse (i.e., rdc) was set up on a large scale by the carrier.
The company's logistics system has been completely upgraded and installed through changes in the logistics model, advanced information systems and automated technology.
The short- and medium-term objectives are set: overall losses are down by 80 per cent, single-manufacturing and full-time delivery rates are close to 100 per cent, and client satisfaction is raised, with maximum maintenance of current logistics costs. For example, in the case of warehousing, based on the mid-2019 Review of Logistics Development in the Country and Vision 2020, the Europa River Hangja Region
At the transport level, the traditional mode of transport is required to transfer goods from the plant to the terminal customers three times, four times, and the transport process is cumbersome and not transparent, accountability is difficult and there is a high rate of cargo damage.
Straight-up, one-time transit. The main-line whole-loading rate reached 85 per cent, significantly reducing the risk and time costs of unloading, with losses falling from a high of 3 per cent to less than 0.8 per cent. By September 2021, the company's “dry warehouse” logistics system had covered 15 per cent of dealers, with freight costs exceeding 100 million and warehouses.
More than 50 of them, with a three-fold win: on the side of the company, there has been a significant decline in losses, lower capacity occupancy, higher use of materials, higher brand value, and support for marketing strategies; on the side of the dealer, the logistics chain service has been raised and the dealer has been released; and on the side of the carrier, the reasonable profit rate has followed the company ' s growth in the furniture logistics industry.
“Dry warehouse” increases the efficiency of logistics and services Focus on front-end marketing Reduce logistics costs
Decommissioning of dealer logistics functions, using carriers (site, manpower, etc.)
commercial rdc inventory data shared; set up to facilitate full delivery,