Medical equipment maintained at a high rate of increase, x 8 and speed of expansion of the flow of water after removal of the incentive costs Events: The company published a three-quarter report for 2020 and collected $1,570 million in the first three quarters of 2020, a year-on-year increase
32.30 per cent; net profit attributable to the mother, 698 million yuan, or 24.63 per cent increase over the year; net profit excluded from the mother, $642 million, or 23.27 per cent over the year; operating cash flow, 694 million yuan, or 34.24 per cent over the same period. Net profit increased during the first three quarters, mainly as a result of amortization of the incentive costs of $73.28 million, with net profit excluding the cost impact increasing at the same rate as the same time.
After removing the incentive cost factor, q3 performance continued to increase at a high rate, and conventional operations resumed at an accelerated rate: after q1 was affected by hospital shutdowns, q2 and q3 recovered well and increased at a faster rate. The overseas epidemic spreads, but due to the introduction of the new coronary virus chemical luminary immunisation test, which has been introduced into the world’s giants like Roth.
Competition has intensified, and companies q3 have increased their overseas operations at a slower rate than q2. On a quarterly basis, companies q3 have achieved revenues of $600 million, an increase of 34.35 per cent in the same year; mothers ' net profits of $223 million, an increase of 0.33 per cent in the same year; after excluding equity incentive costs, the net profits of q3 have increased by 33.2 per cent in the same year, largely in line with market expectations.
The HDR operation is expected to accelerate further at q4, with conventional overseas operations starting to reagent release; the outbreak of large-scale rebounds abroad, and the new crown box operation is expected to provide continuous performance elasticity.
At the end of the day, the company accumulated 7,800 and 7,600 fully automated chemical luminous units, respectively, in-country and overseas; 1,000 and 1,500 units in q3 quarter, respectively, with a marked acceleration in the pace of installation. On the structure of the equipment, the proportion of large equipment, such as maglumix8 and 4,000pus, continued to increase, with q3 in-house equipment in-house.
The ratio reached 52.5 per cent, of which X8 was 114. x8 was the company’s latest flagship product, with full speed of detection, with a single output of about 1 million (600t/s) and an international first-line level of accuracy, with 282 currently accumulated; q4 was expected to be in level III hospitals with high traffic detection needs, depending on the new sales model.
In three quarters, the company will roll out the latest medium-sized and small equipment x 3, which will replace the old product in the future, and next year's new Xu Xu Xu will account for more than 40% of the projected build-up.
As the share of large domestic equipment continues to rise, prices have risen substantially, supporting high growth in company performance. Waterlines fall, and future expansion will accelerate: companies co-operated with Semer last June to issue a full-scale tla automatic.
Waterline satlas-tca, using the company-owned latest luminous equipment x 8 and biochemistry bc2200, new industry: a high-speed chemical luminous high-quality track leader with 128 luminants and 45 biochemical reagents.
In September of this year, the company’s first tla level stream landed, equipped with 5 units x 8 units, with a projected annual yield of 34 million. Conservative estimates are that 5 to 10 current lines, each streaming line, will land this year.
Mark 2 or more x 8; high flux currents are expected to be another pillar of company performance in the future