Medical Health Research Center Incentive Cost Impacts Showing Performance, Domestic Growth is still excellent
The equity incentive resulted in a significant increase in the management cost rate of 14.9 per cent (2.6 per cent over the same period last year), which affected performance. q3 shares were paid at $7,328, and if the impact was excluded, the return was achieved in a single quarter.
The net profit was $296 million, an increase of 33.3 per cent over the same period, and the return to higher expectations for q3. The Māori rate was 76.0 per cent (81.1 per cent over the same period last year), which we expect to be linked to the structure of product sales; the increase in the reserve of raw materials was mainly due to the spread of the epidemic ($237 million at the beginning of the year).
270 million yuan (+21.9 per cent) is larger than the net profit from the return to the mother during the same period, and the cash flow of the company maintains a healthy level.
The company has 15,300 global chemical luminators (9000 q3 mounted) at the top of national production, and the median high-speed ratio continues to rise. The chemical luminous system is a closed system.
The actual base. q3 is about 52.5 per cent of the country ' s large chemical luminators, and the world ' s fastest maglumix8 accumulations of 282 (114 q3) are expected to lead to a gradual increase in reagent output for single-stage domestic instruments as the number of large- and medium-sized luminometer terminals in the country rises steadily.
The company is home-grown chemical luminous, domestic and foreign, and the new reagents help speed up the breakout of overseas operations. From the distribution area, the company ' s chemical luminometer has been sold to nearly 150 countries and territories, including Asia, Europe, the Americas, Africa, Oceania.
According to the load, overseas loads have been in the lead for several years in a row, providing guarantees for reagents, and it is expected that overseas operations will continue to contribute to the growth in performance in the future.
The impact of the new crown epidemic on performance, the single risk of the main business, the amortization of equity incentive costs, profits: the risk of raw material procurement, the risk of research and development and registration of new products, the risk of market expansion abroad.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment