China ' s petrochemicals (600028) The first half of the year saw an increase in the distribution of refined and finished oils, and a drop in the fuel-fuel ratio, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incident: The company issued an indicative announcement on production performance in the first half of 2017, and in the upper part of the year, the oil and gas equivalent production was 221 million barrels, an increase of 109 per cent, the crude oil production of 146 million barrels, a decrease of 5.31 per cent, and the natural gas production of 4,521.2 million cubic feet, an increase of 16.32 per cent.
By cent, crude oil processing volume was 118 million tons, an increase of 1.63 per cent, gasoline production 28.41 million tons, an increase of 1.36 per cent, diesel fuel production 32.67 million tons, a decrease of 0.79 per cent, kerosene production 13.3 million tons, an increase of 5.93 per cent, tons, an increase of 2.39 per cent, synthetic resin production 78.02 million tons, an increase of 4.03 per cent, and synthetic fibre production.
6.16 million tons, a decrease of 3.30 per cent in the same year, and 412,000 tons in synthetic rubber, an increase of 0.24 per cent in the same year. In the downstream marketing sector, the total domestic distribution of finished oils was 87.22 million tons, an increase of 0.82 per cent in the same year, with retail sales of 5868 low oil prices, lower crude oil production and an increase in natural gas production. In the first half of the year, crude oil prices were 46-55.
The crude oil processing volume has risen, and the fuel-fuel ratio has continued to decline to below 1.2. With nearly 30 refining companies under the Central petrochemical flag, which have a crude oil processing capacity of 260 million tons/year, crude oil processing this year, after two years of low growth, has been reduced.
This year again, it is back to pre-2014 levels. The continuing decline in the fuel ratio is likely to be in line with the current structure of the domestic economy, where gasoline production continues to grow at the same rate, and diesel production continues to show negative growth.
Ethylene production increased by 2.39% the same year, and the chemical industry was better off. The crude oil price was low in the first half of the year, and refining operations continued to be more profitable. The supply and demand of corporate chemical products remained relatively stable, with company production of ethylene growing by 5609,000 tons in the first half of the year, or 2.39% in the same year; and synthetic resin production by 7.802 million tons, or more in the same year.
4.03%, with only a small drop in the production of chemical fibres. The rate of increase in the distribution of finished oils has remained stable. The rate of increase in the total distribution of finished oils in the first half of the year was roughly the same as in 2016 (0.78% in 2016).
Profit predictions and investment proposals. As oil prices have recovered since last year, generating a return in the profitability of the chemical industry, while the fuel-fuel ratio of the company continues to decline, and the profitability of the refined fuel-plate is guaranteed, we will maintain a compound growth rate of 13.08% over the next three years, which will be valued 15 times the value of the company in 2018.
1. China ' s petrochemicals (600028): stable performance, low scenario 1: stable domestic markets for finished oils as a whole, coupled with company alignment of internal and external resources, flexible marketing strategies and mixed ownership reforms, expected to remain stable over the next three years, and the Maori rate increasing every year.
Scenario 2: Although crude oil prices will increase slowly in the long run, the company's refining plates will continue to fall due to the continuing decline in the fuel-fuel ratio Scenario 3: supply and demand patterns of the chemical products represented by ethylene and acetylene will remain good and the landscape of the chemical panels will be downstream Scenario 4: losses in exploration and exploitation operations will be narrow and slow to recover from the benefits of both the efficiency gains and the same recovery in oil prices
The impact of shale oil on oil prices is still on the table, so there is limited scope for future increases in oil prices, and Māori rates are expected to remain unchanged for the next three years and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.