The recovery in international oil prices in China (600028.sh/00386.hk) led to a significant increase in the company ' s performance in the first half of the year as a result of a 7.1 per cent decline in the oil price ring in the second quarter, compared to a 34.3 per cent increase in the price ring in the same period last year and a further 172.
Quarterly asset impairment losses increased by 2,497 million yuan on a year-on-year basis. The current crude oil price was 4.7 per cent higher than the average for the second quarter, and the company was expected to perform better in the third quarter than in the second quarter, with a “buy-in” rating.
The average spot price of Brent crude oil was $51.8 per barrel, an increase of 30.4 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 17 years, the Ministry lost $18.3 billion in operating losses, a decrease of $3.6 billion over the same period, but its operating costs increased by $18 billion over the previous year, mainly because of depreciation, depreciation and amortization, which increased by $5.7 billion in oil and gas.
The decline in the Ministry of Refinery resulted in a decline in performance: in the first half of the year, the average annual price of the Ministry ' s refined gasoline, diesel, kerosene, chemical raw materials categories increased by 15.9 per cent, 17.4 per cent,
The decline in interest rates has been influenced by a business gain of $29.4 billion in the first half of the year, a decline of $3.2 billion in the same year. The main reason for the decline in the Māori rate is that the cost of raw materials has risen more than that of products in the current period, that the prices of products and raw materials have been reduced, and that international crude oil prices have stagnated over the same period last year.
and the lower price limits for domestic finished oils, which were below the drop in the cost of raw materials, bringing the Māori rate to 24.3 per cent in the first half of 16 years.
The sales of basic organic chemicals, fibre-based monoliths and polymers, synthetic resins and synthetic resins in the three main product categories are on a par with the Ministry ' s operating earnings of $12.2 billion, an increase of 25.6 per cent over the same period, but the prices of raw materials have risen and the Ministry ' s emerging business has grown rapidly: in the first half of 17 years, the Ministry expanded its sales in Tota City.
The volume of finished oils increased by 1.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with an increase in Māori business earnings of RMB 16.6 billion, an increase of RMB 800 million. Of these, it is worth noting that companies, through marketing instruments such as the Internet+, have promoted the rapid development of new non-oil businesses, generating business revenues of RMB 27.8 billion, an increase of 50 per cent.
Operating income accounted for 4.6 per cent of the total revenue of the Department, and three cost rates fell year-on-year, accelerating performance growth: 4.72 per cent less than the cost of the company in the first half of the year 17 and 2.12 per cent to 5.48 per cent less than the cost of the company in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the 17 years, workers’ fees amounted to 31.3 billion yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent over the previous year, which slowed down the rate of three tariffs.
Division sales cost decreased by 0.45 per cent to 2.23 per cent in the first half of the year, management cost increased by the same year when oil prices hit at the beginning of the third quarter, and company performance was expected to rise slightly: 17 years, first quarter, Brent crude oil at an average spot price of $53.56 per barrel, an increase of 57.72 per cent in the second quarter of Brent.
The average spot price of oil was $49.74 per barrel, an increase of 9.1 per cent in the same year, a decline of 7.13 per cent in the ring, and the company's performance is expected to increase steadily after the current narrow oscillation, giving a “buy-in” rating, whichever is the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.