Upstream losses drag on performance, smelting plates keep up, crude oil production continues to decline, natural gas production increases, and upstream operations suffer significant losses on a year-on-year basis \triangleright \triangleright
In the first half of the year, oil and gas equivalent production was 221.38 million barrels, an increase of 1.1 per cent over the same period, of which crude oil production was 14,598 million barrels, a decrease of 5.3 per cent over the same period: natural gas production was 4,521.2 billion cubic feet, an increase of 16.3 per cent over the same period, resulting in a greater loss in exploration and development plate business than in the same period last year, owing to the lower international oil price shocks of the second quarter.
There is still a significant loss, with the plate losing $18.3 billion in the first half of the year, which is $3.6 billion less in the same year.
The company produces more than 11 million tons of ethylene per year, and more than 15 million tons of synthetic resin, the largest production base in the country. Although the price of polyvinyl hydrocarbons has fallen in the second quarter, the cost of raw materials has been reduced, the chemical sector has been operating.
The price of polyolefins has been rising since June, when the membrane entered the season of traditional marketing. New ethylene production in the last two years, driven by policies such as environmental tightening and supply-side reforms, has been less productive, while the ban on the import of waste plastics from the ocean will be implemented next year to increase supply constraints, and the chemical plate will remain high.
The refining operations benefited from the price increases resulting from the existing pricing mechanisms for finished oils, the value added of inventories and the upgrading of the quality of finished oils, which significantly increased to $10 per barrel, creating a historic high. We expect international oil prices to be on the decline.
The company has 290 million tons of refined oil and approximately 230 million tons of crude oil processed annually, which is the main source of profit. The marketing bill has been passed.
On 12 September 2014, China Petrochemical Marketing Ltd. signed a Replenishment Agreement with 25 domestic and foreign investors on China Petrochemical Marketing Ltd., and on 31 March 2015, it obtained an operating licence issued by the Beijing Municipal Administration for Business Administration, marking the completion of the sales plate reorganization.
The board of directors considered and adopted the China PIC Marketing Company (CISC) bill on listing outside China, which speeded up the recommendation for listing of China's petrochemical sales plates. Listing outside China's petrochemical sales boards not only helped to stimulate business activity, but also increased market competitiveness.
The development potential of new and dynamic businesses (non-oil) can also significantly increase the overall value of China’s petrochemical enterprises. Three, profit forecasts and investment proposals are doubled, nine times, and nine times, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. China ' s petrochemical (600028) research report: high profile of oil refining and chemical industries, as well as rapid market entry for sales, has seen a sharp drop in international oil prices; low prices of polyolefins; and less than expected reforms in the hydrocarbon sector.
“China PIC (600028) Quarterly Review: Four large panels with a net profit/percent increase in one quarter” Summary of data projections in the corporate financial statements
Yang Xiaohui, “Tian-Eye” 2015: Graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Oil University (Beijing) and graduate in chemistry, China, from August 2010 to February 2016.
In March 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, and sought to be objective, impartial and free from any third party by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions.