Researchchand developmentcenter Outsourcing M&As with endogenous growth, company progressing into harvest period
The company is the global semiconductor that shows the dragon.
One of the leading firms. In recent years, companies have been undergoing structural adjustments: in 2019, they stripped the terminal and clearly displayed as a core business with the tcl technology (000100.sz) semiconductor; in 2020, they acquired three stars in Suzhou for further expansion of panel production; and in the same period, they were public.
The Division is actively developing a new engine for the future by taking over the Central Ring Group and moving into the silicon field. The Division has thus developed a structure based on semiconductor displays, semiconductors and semiconductor photovoltaics, industrial finance and capital. The semiconductor, represented by tcl, shows business as the company’s core business.
As production expands, the tcl-Starship harvest continues to grow. In the first three quarters of 2020, tcl-Start collected $32.38 billion, an increase of 31.9 per cent over the same period. Moreover, with the rebound in panel prices, tcl-Star has entered a performance release period of 3q20, net profit of 699 million yuan in the third quarter of single, with a rise of 658 million yuan in ring growth.
The price increase was realized on a monthly basis in three quarters, with China’s main profits coming only from the month of September, so that corporate profitability is not yet fully reflected in the profits, and the company’s performance is expected to begin to be fully released in four quarters. The supply and demand patterns continue to improve, and the panel industry recovers fully.
At the end of the demand side, tv sales are expected to benefit from large sporting events.
The company's ability to expand and expand its production capacity from inside to inside. The company's ability to keep pace with the changes in the industry is constantly expanding both by inside and outside. (1) The company's line 7 officially begins to climb up the production uphill and will be fully operational by the second half of next year, and is expected to generate 3.05 million square metres of annual capacity growth. (2) By acquiring Suzhou III, the company is expected to produce 3.05 million square metres of annual capacity.
As a result, with the release of t7 capacity and the integration of the three stars in Suzhou, tcl will grow by as much as 43% next year. Positive expansion will allow enabling companies to fully enjoy the cyclical dividends of rising panel prices.
In the last 10 years, it has been growing in size, operating from 13 semiconductors, a high-quality two-track, and is now fast-tracking, with a clear competitive edge in the country.
Over the long term. With the strategic arrangements for tcl’s industrial synergies and operational efficiency optimization in the future, it is expected that the development space will be opened further and that it is expected to grow into one of the main engines of tcl’s technological performance growth.
Risk factors: Korea’s exit is below the expected risk/industry downside risk/competition increases the risk of major financial and valuation data (billions of dollars)
The market should focus on tcl's four-quarter release space. tcl's net profit of 699 million dollars in the first quarter of the third quarter.
The company’s profitability is not yet fully reflected in the profits, as the price increase was realized monthly in the three quarters, with the major profits coming from September alone. After entering the four quarters, the panel price remained strong; according to witsview, the price increase for the mainstream tv panel in November was still 5-7% per month.
The tcl’s performance in the fourth quarter is expected to release space beyond market expectations.2 The market fears that the late exit of Korea’s plant will have a negative impact on next year’s panel prices. We believe that the late exit of Korea’s plant will have less impact on the supply end of the Ming Year, and that the panel’s price will remain strong.
The supply and demand pattern of the tv panel has been reversed and the demand for the panel has been high since the last three quarters of the world's top five tv manufacturers, with high demand for the tv panel, which has decided to delay some of the production capacity due to the delay in finding suitable suppliers. The second largest portion of the delayed exit capacity has been extended to only 21 years.
At the same time, at the end of the year, the plant’s expansion is almost 21 years later, with virtually no lcd capital expenditure on the plant. At the end of the 21-year period, Korea’s withdrawal and the expansion of the plant are expected to grow slightly by 2% at the end of the 21-year supply and remain stable.
8%. So we expect that the price of the panel will remain strong for 21 years.3 Markets should focus on buying the benefits of the Chinese ring group for the company’s long-term development. Silicon and semiconductor silicon have hundreds of billions of class markets, especially at the end of the silicon.
In the future, development space is expected to open further, and the competitive advantage will be highlighted, and it is expected to grow into one of the main engines of tcl’s growth in technology performance as tcl sets strategic arrangements for its industrial synergies, operational efficiency, and financial cost optimization.
i. tclTechnology: Power panel core business, performance release time 1 , Power panel core business, with a new central engine year, with mobile phones and home appliances as its main focus. By 2001, the company had developed into a leading home power manufacturer in the country.
In 2008, the company's operations were extended to upstream liquid crystal panels, and in 2009, it started producing an icd panel on its own. The company's semiconductor showed rapid growth and gradually grew into the company's main business. In 2019, the company stripped out its weak terminal operations and focused on paneling.
In 2020, the company acquired three stars in Suzhou, further expanding panel capacity; in the same year, the company took off the middle ring group and officially moved into the semiconductor and semiconductor luminous areas; a new round of industrial upgrading and strategic layout was launched.
In July 2020, the company withdrew 100% of the shares of the ring group, thereby gaining 25.3% of its holdings (the central ring is the leading global business of photovoltile silicone and the head of the domestic semiconductor silicon). As a result of this acquisition, the company opened up a semiconductor.
So, the company's structure is based on semiconductor displays, semiconductor and semiconductor luminum, industrial finance, and capital. The semiconductor shows that the company's current core business is also the focus of profit, and semiconductor and new energy materials are the new dynamic that the company has developed for future development.
Industrial finance and capital operations, on the other hand, are the lubricant for companies to coordinate their asset-intensive primary operations and smooth their cycle effects.2 Income growth is steady, capital structure is healthy, benefits from a robust master structure, and companies are growing steadily during the winter of industry.
In terms of profit margins, since the withdrawal of the 19q3 Korean factory, the panel has gradually been driven out of oversupply, with the company leading the industry.
The industry benefits first, and the profit rate has been rising since then. 19q4-20q3, the company ' s Māori ratio increased from 6.17% to 13.47%, withholding: the company ' s R&D cost increased in the first half of the year as a result of the company ' s expansion of financing in the first half of the year as a result of the strategic entry j-oled layout to print oled technology, and the creation of a joint laboratory, micro led, to show technology.
The firm’s capital structure is robust, with a modest expansion of the debt ratio in preparation for expansion. For the last three years, the firm’s asset-liability ratio has been maintained at 60% – with future development of capital reserves and an appropriate increase in interest-bearing liabilities, the debt-burden ratio has increased.
Eighty percent of the liabilities are medium- and long-term. At the same time, the company ' s cash flow is healthy, with net cash inflows in the first three quarters of 2020 operating under the same calibre reaching $11.9 billion, an increase of 60.81 per cent over the same period.3 Out of the bottom of the cycle, tcl is entering the performance release period.
With the continued expansion of production capacity, the tcl-Start harvest grew steadily. From 2012 to 2019, the tcl-Start harvest grew from 72.40 billion yuan to 33.99 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 24.7 per cent, and in 2020, tcl-Star continued to have a positive profit rate as a result of the epidemic, with tcl-star profitability associated with high panel prices and cyclical fluctuations.
The panel has a high rate of interest of up to 16.2 per cent, reflecting the ability of the panel firms to perform at a very high level. After 2017, as the four 10.5 generations of tcl and tcl were built and put into production, the panel industry began a wave of shufflings, the panel price continued to fall, the major panels were in a state of loss, and Korean manufacturers began to shut down their panels.
tcl. With the industry’s leading cost control, tcl. is still making a positive annual profit in the industry’s lowest valley; at the same time, tcl.’s share in the market is increasing as the harvest expands, becoming the final winner of this round of large shuffling. As panel supply improves and prices warm, tcl.
Quarterlyly, the tclstar has entered the performance release period of 3q20. Since 4q19 net profit hit the bottom, with improved supply and demand structures, tcl star profitability has continued to improve and has become positive in 2q20. Three quarters, as panel prices have opened, tcl star performance has begun to release, with net profit of 699 million yuan per quarter and ring growth of 658 million yuan per quarter.
The increase was realized monthly in the three quarters, with the company’s main profits coming only from the month of September, so that the company’s profitability was not fully reflected in the profits. The panel price remained strong after the four quarters; according to witsview, the single price increase for the main stream-size tv panel in November was still 5-7% high. With the price increase exceeding expectations, tcl’s performance will be high.
Four quarters and next year, full release.4 Research and development (R & D) is strong, technology is a global leader, and companies insist on innovation in R & D to lead industry development, raising their R & D costs to 12% after the focus semiconductor displays.
Over the above. In the first three quarters of 2020, corporate R & D costs amounted to $4.29 billion, an increase of 24.1 per cent over the same period, and R & D costs were proportionally higher (the company ' s R & D power is a global leader, the results of the research have been published in the best international science journal, the Nature Newsletter, and R & D and advances in technology development are at the forefront of the industry.
In the third quarter of the year, tclT applied cumulatively for 12420 international patents covering countries and territories in Europe, the United States, and South Korea. The company’s public patents in the area of quantum points reached 1,199 and ranked second in the world.
Prices are the most true illustration of the profitability of the panel producers, and it is recalled that the panel prices showed a w-like trend from early 2019 to the present: in early 2019, with the new build-up capacity of the panelers uphilling, the global demand and supply of the panels began to be imbalanced and prices continued to fall. Until September, Korean manufacturers were struggling to withstand large losses, began to exit production, and the panel supply and demand patterns began to improve.
At the beginning of 2020, the domestic supply chain was under-supplied by the epidemic, while Korean manufacturers accelerated their exit from the lcd panel, which had the combined effect of a short-term rapid rebound in panel prices. Until April, the global spread of the epidemic had affected the confidence of downstream terminal producers, cutting down significantly, and the price of panels fell again.
With the prolonged television viewing of family isolation and the increased consumer capacity of the general population under the epidemic subsidy, global sales of tv have rebounded, terminal firms have increased their confidence, and the build-up of the ready season has begun to warm up dramatically, and by November, the cost of the mainstream size tv panel had risen by more than 50 per cent.
Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre 1, at the supply end: Korea’s plant has been continuously withdrawn, land plant expansion has reached its final stage, continental panels have had a strong impact on size, and products are cheaper and more profitable than Korean manufacturers; 10.5 generations are more profitable than Koreans.
With four 10.5 generation lines running in the country, the industry has come to shuffle; In a pattern of oversupply, the price of the panel has continued to fall. Korea’s producers, because of their weak cost controls, have entered the profit/loss balance earlier and have begun to lose. In the third quarter of 2019, Korea’s plant began to withdraw from its productive capacity program, and its plans have been withdrawn.
As of now, more than half of Korea’s exit plan has resulted in a total withdrawal of 2.2 million square metres per month. Beginning in the third quarter of 20 years, the demand for panels, which affected the confidence of the terminal, began to emerge, with a reversal of the supply and demand patterns of the panels and a reversal of the mainstream panel plant.
Large-scale panel supply and oversupply are serious, with Samsung and lgd deciding to delay the roll-out of their remaining capacity to meet the supply of their own terminals (three star electrons and lg). And the larger Samsung (310k) is delayed only until the first quarter of next year, with less impact throughout the year; and the remaining 130k capacity of lgd is not withdrawn, which represents less than 3% of the world ' s total.
At the same time, the panels’ expansion of capacity has come to an end. According to dsccs, the increase in lcd capital expenditure was largely non-renewed after 2021.
Since then, the panel supply ends will be stable, with no new growth in capacity. The overall supply pattern is now stable. Combined with the latest Korea plant exit plan and other panels’ additional capacity planning, we will measure its actual impact on the supply end, and the total global supply of panels is expected to pick up by about 2% in 2021.
The supply end of 2022 and beyond is virtually non-existent. Figure 21: Global Large-Screen Panel Capability Measurement (thousands of square metres/month)2 Demand end: sales, resonance of dimensions, promising a year of demand
On the foreign side, US sales have benefited from the rapid acceleration and maintenance of high levels of subsidy policies; Europe, Japan, etc., have also been accompanied by the resumption of work and a rapid recovery of tv sales in the aftermath of the epidemic; overall, foreign demand has improved at a significantly faster rate than market expectations. China’s demand recovery is robust, with expectations for 21 years.
Unlike abroad, China’s demand has recovered earlier, under the effective control of the domestic epidemic, but without a retaliatory backlash; we believe that the recovery of weak domestic demand is expected to continue to warm up for next year, with the recovery of the economy and the recovery of large sporting events in 21 years and a sustained improvement in domestic demand.
Delays in sales are reflected in the terminal ' s output, which has increased by three quarters. According to the latest report by Trendforce, the demand for the benefit of dry North American television has risen dramatically, and the third season ' s positive effect has been further accentuated by the delayed delivery of television brands due to the epidemic in the first half of the year, with 62.5 million deliveries reaching a single-season record.
At the same time, Trendforce projected a decrease of only 0.8 per cent in television output throughout the year, another central driver of the growth in demand on the tv panel was the increase in the size of the television set, in addition to the volume. From 2014 to date, tv inch shows a compound annual growth rate of 4.18 per cent. Meanwhile, according to Omdia projections, due to the spread of high resolution tv, tv Ping
The average size will increase by 4.25 per cent in 2021, which provides a steady increase in the size of the panel.
Looking forward to the year 2021 on the demand side, the volume of the shipment, although the demand exceeded market expectations this year, shows a small decline of 0.8% over the year, according to the Trendforce, and there is no overdraft for next year, so the expectations for next year's sporting year are still on track. We make two projections based on whether the Olympics will be held next year: (1) optimisticly forecast, next year's Olympics.
In terms of area, the trend towards large size tv is still strong, and according to omdia, the average size of tv increases by about 4% next year. Thus, the growth in demand for large-sized panels is expected in 2021.
In the medium term, the demand for the 2021 panel is expected to continue. According to the analysis in the previous two sections, the supply side is expected to grow by a small 2% with the combined effect of the withdrawal of the Korean plant and the expansion of the land plant, while the demand side is expected to increase significantly with the sales volume and the resonance of the size.
Over the long term, the concentration of shares will drive the industry to a steady profit period. With the growing capacity of the panel leader, Kyoto, tclhuastar, through the built-in and extended M&As, the global share will rise to nearly 60%. Large-scale panel supply has been determined, centralized supply patterns will drive the panel manufacturing industry to a good competitive level, and panel leader performance will be high.
The company, as one of the industry’s champions, is expected to take the lead in re-evaluating its value. Third, it is expected to expand its production capacity from the inside to the inside, with a massive increase in its volume value to the tcl technology-deep semiconductor, showing more than a decade, moving up and down the industry chain through a positive layout.
The company started producing tv liquid crystal display panels. In 2014, the company showed a small-scale extension of the panel operations and started producing lcd, oled panels; in the same year, the company was set up to work on the development and manufacture of upstream panel light materials; again, in 2014, the company began to grow.
In 2017, the company acquired HPV and began producing small-scale panel modules. In 2020, the company acquired Sioux Star and Mija International, further expanding large-scale panels and modular capacity.
One, the size line is ready, the tv panel is a global leader, building two 8.5 generation lines, and tcl-star stands firm in the big size panel area. The next two six-generation investments, which help China Star successfully cut into small-sized panels, are now over 10% of the volume; in recent years, two 11-generation tcs have been built.
Line-building and the acquisition of Suzhou's three stars have further expanded large-scale production capacity, establishing a leading position for the global large-scale panel. Specifically, in large-scale terms, companies t1, t2, t6 remain fully productive, production capacity continues to be released, and the market for television panels rises to the world’s first two, with the company’s 55-inch television panel being the world’s first and 65-inch television panel being the world’s largest.
In the first three quarters, sales of large-sized panels reached 34.48 million pieces, an increase of 15 per cent over the same period; at the same time, the number of new lines t6 that benefited from larger cuttings rose significantly by 45 per cent to 2,071 million square metres; as a result, sales revenue increased by 51 per cent to $20.3 billion. In small-sized areas, the first half of the year was affected by the Wuhan epidemic, and sales and sales decreased.
However, the company actively optimized its product structure and achieved an upswing, with revenue of $12.1 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period. tclStar now owns six active and ongoing production lines, including two 8.5 generations t1, t2, two 11 generations t6 and t7 and medium and small dimensions lines t3 and t4 based on ltpslcd and amoled.
t6 was fully productive and the t7 production line was launched in November 2020. Wuhan, a small and medium-sized production line, was affected by the epidemic, but the t3 production line ltps panel remained fully operational thanks to good management and supply chain control capabilities.
Branded manufacturer product delivery and upscaling, phase II and phase III are under construction as planned. 2 - Intra- and in-house extension of production capacity, upswing in volume and upswinging in value. 3 stars from Suzhou are being acquired, expanding production capacity to the next city. 29 August 2020, tclTechnology announced that the company and the company were working together.
tcl-star and Sam-star show that they have signed the Shareholder Agreement. After signing the agreement, the company will receive 60% of the shares of Sam-sung Electronic LCD and 100% of the shares of Sun-sung-sung-sem-sim-sim. Meanwhile, Sam-sung shows a $739 million replenishment of tcl-sl-sl-60%.
The last three stars show a 12.33% share in the tclstar. When the deal is done, the tclstar holds 70% of the ssl and 100% of the ssm. The acquisition of the Suzhou tristar will have the following benefits for the company: first, the company has a strategic alliance with the three stars to create the advantage of industrial chain integration: the three stars are the largest tv born in the world.
Producers have always been important clients of the company; the firm and Samsung's depth have been tied up through this stock exchange; since then, Samsung will bring a stable and large number of large panel orders to tcl, while tcl China's performance will also be conducive to a higher return on equity investment, with a good upstream/downstream relationship between the two sides working together to win.
Starlines will expand the company ' s production capacity and optimize production line efficiency: the Tristar 8.5 generation line in Suzhou has 70,000 monthly stables, which will generate 7.1 million square metres of annual growth in the company ' s capacity; and the acquisition of Su State ' s three stars, compared to its own capacity, will help save the company about 20 per cent of its single cost, and the integration of the line will increase the profits of the company ' s large-size panels.
The quality of the process and management capability of the production line will help the star achieve a breakthrough in productivity and success: the star was the global dragon of lcd, with a deep skill level in the lcd panel area and accumulated managerial capacity; the company will retain the former nuclear team of Sioux States and, by learning from its best practices, will help the company to achieve further improvements in productivity and excellence in its other production lines.
In addition, tcl has also built new and expanding capacity through endogenous growth. On November 11, 2020, the g11 t7 line officially began to produce production uphill, planning capacity of 105k, and is expected to reach a one-year production deadline by the end of next year, which is expected to result in an increase of 3.05 million square meters of annual capacity. tcl will expand rapidly through new endogenous and extended mergers and acquisitions. tcl capacity will expand rapidly in 2021 with the release of t7 capacity and with Suzhou.
At the same time, it is expected that the panel price will remain strong in 2021, so that tcl’s profitability will rise in a flash next year. At the same time, the depreciation ratio of companies is declining rapidly, with t1 and t2 falling, and the depreciation will take place in 2023.
The company is expected to achieve a sustained increase in profitability with the continued expansion of its capacity and the multiple benefits of declining depreciation ratios. Figure 36: tcl China Star’s growth in capacity over the next five quarters. Figure 37: Depreciation as a proportion of sales income
3. Client resource depths, cost-efficiency industry leaders, and the high cost efficiency of companies are well reflected in the same regional construction strategy. First, through the same regional construction, companies can reduce the cost of project investment by sharing some of the infrastructure, bulk gas stations, power transformers, etc.; and second, the same region’s plant can.
The efficiency of production is reduced by means of alternative work, shared stock consumption, etc.; finally, the synergies of industrial chains with regional plants can be built to reduce the cost of transportation of basic materials such as glimmers, ic, glass panels, etc.. By maximizing the convergence effect of firms with regional construction strategies, the investment costs of competitors will be 890 million yuan, and annual operating costs will be saved.
Table 5: Investment in projects, operating costs and savings in transport costs. In addition, companies have high-quality and rich customer resources, including tcl electronics, strategic partners three stars, and millet, associations, etc.
The corporate panel is widely welcomed by the market, which also illustrates the quality of its products and its leading position in the panel area. With high cost controls and crop rates, companies have maintained net profit margins and fluctuations in the past multi-wheel cycles of industry.
Ebitda has been a leader in the profit-rate industry. Since its inception, companies have been able to fully exploit the confluence of twin star plants, increasing their productivity expansion through efficient production line layouts, harnessing the advantages of industrial chain integration and highly cost-effective measures; at the same time, they have benefited from the high quality of public goods, the abundance of customer resources, the supply of products in short supply, and the company’s crop rate is first in the industry; therefore, companies are profitable.
To highlight, ebitda rates and net interest rates have always kept industry at a leading level.4 The new presentation techniques, which create a leading advantage, are active in the field of new technologies, including, inter alia, miniled, print-led and microled technologies.
(1) The world’s first miniledtv panel, which shows extremely competitive effects and value for money. The mini-led panel, based on lcd luminous technology, improves the general backlight technology to a full array of areas to significantly increase screen brightness, contrasts, and the dark side.
The pcb backboard program and the glass backboard program are among the main features. The pcb backboard Mini-led program has shortcomings of high cost, heavy backboards, etc., limiting its further expansion. In order to promote miniled access, Chinese PV has opened a completely new glass-based miniled route. The program is based on the idea of making a iot carrier on the glass and then reprinting the led bead.
In order to achieve a breakthrough, manufacturers need to integrate a whole new glass-based miniled supply chain independently, overcoming a range of process problems, such as reprinting rates. Compared to pcb-based Mini-led, the glass-based mini-led program addresses size limits and breakthroughs in cost and thickness.
At the 2020 ces exhibition, tcl officially launched the “mled star screen” using the glass-based miniled program. This is also the world's first miniled TV. The product is super bright, and can be seen in reverse light; its contrast is as high as 1 million to 1, with exponential increases compared to the traditional lcd; and its details include hdr and dynamic backlight partitions.
By increasing and reinforcing the lcd advantage, the miniled technology panel is comparable to the contrast, and surpasses w-oled in brightness, colour, appearance, and cost. The company’s miniled panel is now used electronically in its 8 series, x 10 series and 6 series of tv, making it the world’s leading miniledtv product.
mled global first — bright, pure black, fibre-optic luminous (2) strategic entry to the stockjoled, active layout-printing oled technique, small-sized plating technology that evaporates through fine metal masking (fmm) luminescence to achieve
Ink-printing uses print technology to print the materials precisely to each pixel point, which can be used normally in large sizes and with a simple device structure, high material utilization, low cost and softness.
As early as 2014, the company set up a subsidiary, Guangdong-hwa, and began to study print-led technology. The National Centre for Printing and Flexible Displays Innovation, currently under its banner, is the only country-level innovation centre in the country’s field of display.
A leading global g4.5 print display of public R & D platforms has been built, making up for the missing validation loops from research and development to application. At the Ces Fair in January 2020, tcl Technologies and Technology combined showed a 31-inch inkjet printable roller, a flexible prototype. The panel is a tft backlight source, a top launcher structure, with an opening rate of over 50% and a white light.
At 200 nits, the entire dci-p3 colour field reached 90% (colourless filtering film), and was a global first-ever print-based, roll-and-roll-of-led prototype. To further enhance its technological strength in the field of printled, the company invested in the co-development of printled technology.
On June 19, 2020, tcl-Star signed an investment agreement with a subsidiary of Joled to invest 30 billion yen in joled. The two sides will establish a technology and patent union in the field of printing olid, which will carry out a three-year joint research exercise, building on their respective technological advantages, and will further strengthen the product through joint research and development of rigid and flexible sizes of specific specifications.
The collaboration between the company and Joled will provide technical validation, reduce development costs, and help the company to achieve a turn-over in the print-led field, building on its leading edge in the large-scale field of the olid.
Figure 48: Joint Juled development of ink-printing oled technology tclstar+joled cooperative objective: development of ink-printing softness with printing display technology at its core
· Global First: Ink-printing and curl-able-led screens . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
・High colour area: dci-p3>88%, with more colorful and more realistic performances · High contrast: up to 10w:1 contrast, rich 3D (3) Joint Laboratory of the Tri-Anse Semiconductor to collaborate in the development of microlled display technology
Microled shows that technology is typically a potentially new generation of display technologies that use a led-luminous unit of 1 - 60 μm size to show arrays with features that do not require backlight, high PV efficiency, high brightness, high contrast, and rapid response time.
On 5 June 2020, tcl-Wasam and the Sanam semiconductor formally signed a contract in Shenzhen to co-invest in the establishment of a joint laboratory with independent legal personality, with registered capital of 300 million yuan yuan, 55 per cent tcl-Wasam and 45 per cent of the Sanan semiconductor.
The Sanam semiconductor is a technology company based on the development and industrialization of chemical semiconductors, integrated circuits, led exteriors and chips under the Sanam electric flag, with the technology and R & D capabilities of the led chip production. The company's effective integration of the company's panels with the establishment of a joint laboratory demonstrates the technological advantages of the technology and the technological advantages of the Sanan semiconductor, and brings them together.
The laboratory will focus on micro-led to demonstrate that the engineering technology includes key technical challenges such as micro-led chip technology, transfer, binding, coloring, testing, restoration, etc., with a view to developing critical technologies such as own materials, processes, equipment, production lines and technology-leading manufacturing capabilities. The company will establish a joint laboratory with the Sanam semiconductor, which will establish the company.
Micro-led shows the accumulation of technology in the field, and fast-tracks the commercialization of technology-scale production processes.iv. Acquisition of the Central Ring Group, a new track for new energy and semiconductor materials.
The reasons for the middle-ring of the company, how industrial synergies are carried out, and how much performance the middle-ring brings to the company are the four investors: (1) the middle-ring shares are the world's leading manufacturers of new energy materials, semi-conductor materials, the middle-ring shares are a photovoltaic, semi-conductor silicon and related product manufacturing and marketing firm, with the main operations divided into new energy components.
The company’s new energy operations include, inter alia, the manufacture of photovoltaic silicon tablets, the production of photovoltaic components, and the operation of photovoltaic power stations. The semiconductor operations consist mainly of semiconductor silicon and semiconductor separation devices.
In the case of semiconductor materials, the Department of Public Information undertook a national initiative in 2011 to develop and industrialize the first eight-inch area of the country. In the case of photovoltaic materials, the company began large-scale production of single crystal silicon tablets in 2009 and was established in 2012.
The world’s first diamond-slicing plant, which began to produce super thin crystal silicon on a large scale, now produces 25gw light-voltage silicon, with a semiconductor producing 500,000 silicons per month and a semiconductor of 12 silicons and 20,000 silicons per month, becoming the world’s first-class light-and-conductor (2) medium-ring financial good and robust.
In the light-voltage subsidy policy in Germany and Italy, companies actively expanded their production to meet downstream demand for two years in a row to double their income and net profit growth; in 2012 they were affected by the weakening of the global economy, and the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries experienced current cyclical fluctuations, particularly in the light-voltaic sector, affected by the fall in European subsidies, and the prices of products had fallen sharply, company performance had declined.
As a result, it has been significantly affected, with a short period of stagnation of revenue and negative net profits. After 2013, the photovoltaic industry was able to clean up the remaining productive capacity, the business recovered healthy growth, the photovoltaic operation continued to contribute to a steady increase in net profits, and the company entered a steady growth period, with 90 per cent of the company’s photovoltaic silicon portfolio as of 2019.
Figure 51: Corporate operating income (millions of yuan)
In particular, the Māori rate of semiconductor material operations is influenced by industry cyclical fluctuations, which fluctuates around 25%. In the new energy materials business, there was a higher overall volatility in 2010-2013 due to the start-up of industry and vulnerability to macroeconomic changes and policy support; and after 2013, excess output was cleared and photovoltaic with the drop in overheated investment.
The economy of electricity has gradually increased, the health of the whole industry has steadily developed, and the company ' s rate of Maori for new energy materials has steadily increased to 19 years,2 and why it chose the middle ring ' s photovoltaic silicone business? (1) Photovolves have entered the price-neutral era, and demand is imperiled by the economy.
The global electricity sector has grown steadily, with photovoltaics accounting for only 2.1 per cent of the total, and there is scope for development. Over the past three decades, the global electricity market has grown rapidly, with total electricity generation increasing by more than 100 per cent, reaching 26 million twh. Of this, the clean energy source, represented by photovoltaics and wind, has grown rapidly, with photovoltaics accounting for 2.1 per cent of the total, and, more specifically, the major power users, represented by China, the United States and India, have grown rapidly.
Photovoltaic ratios are around 3%; while countries like Germany, Japan, and Australia have a relatively high share of photovoltaic power generation of around 7%, due to the early start of photovoltaics and long-term government support. At the same time, there is still significant room in the market for photovoltaic power, and between 2020 and 2050, according to Bloomberg's new energy projections, the share of solar energy in the power generation structure will rise from the current 2.1% to 22%, bringing more than $4 trillion.
According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), in 2007-2019, the volume of global photovoltaic aggregates increased from 9gw to 627gw, with an average annual compound growth rate of 42.42%. With regard to the annual additions, the global photovoltaic market can be divided into four phases: in the early stages of development in 2007-2011, light.
Volt markets are small, benefiting European countries adopt subsidy policies for photovoltaic power generation, with global additions up to about 80 per cent at the same rate; during the platform period 2012-2014, the increase in the number of new photovoltaic loads slowed down and rapidly increased, from 10gw in 2014 to 53gw in 2017, resulting in a global increase in the number of new photovoltaic loads as a result of the fall in subsidies in European countries
The rate of growth is around 30 per cent; after 2018, as photovoltaic technology progresses and the costs of electricity are decreasing, photovoltaic power is gradually entering the price-free period, and many overseas countries have achieved photovoltaic parity Internet access, but the Chinese market is affected by the fall in subsidy slopes, the domestic amount of photovoltaic additions has declined, and the growth of global loads has slowed to around 10 per cent.
With regard to the economics of photovoltaic power generation, the production costs of photovoltaic power have continued to decline as the efficiency of photovoltaic technology has increased and the production costs have decreased under the scale effect. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IEA), the global photovoltaic electricity production of lcoe fell from US$0.378/kWh to US$0.068/kWh in 2010-2019.
The average annual decline was about 15%, with an overall decrease of over 80%, the largest in all types of renewable energy sources. With the continued decline in photovoltaic power generation, the cost of photovoltaic power in several countries around the world has been lower than conventional energy, making photovoltaic “parity” access to the Internet, and becoming a major driver of industrial development.
The rapid rise of the scene and the accelerated shift of market focus from a single European market to a globalized market have radically altered the unbalanced market pattern, which used to rely too heavily on a single market, and have effectively reduced the impact of fluctuations in the demand of a single market on overall industrial development, thus contributing to a healthier, more balanced and sustainable development of the global photovoltaic industry.
Low to $0.039/kWh, 42 per cent lower than in 2019, more than one fifth lower than coal-fired power generation, and achieving full-scale parity, with the economics of photovoltaics reaching new heights. Figure 57: Global photovoltage accumulation, 2010-2019 (gw)
Figure 58: Global light voltage additions, 2010-2019 (gw) Figure 59: Comparison of domestic and foreign additions, 2014-2019 (gw) Figure 60: Changes in photovoltaic lcoe ($/kWh)
(ii) Global photovoltile silicone taps, active knapsacks, large silicon silicon silicon monocrysil tablets have become the market mainstream, with a pre-emptive advantage in the middle ring. Silicon is the core component of the cell block, which costs more than 50% of the total cost of the battery; in the silicone sector, there is a long-standing competition for monocrysil and multicrysil silicone technology routes, multi-crystals.
Products, with low-cost advantages, have occupied a major market share over the past long period, and single crystal values have not been fully reflected. With the breakthroughs in single crystal production manufacturing technology and the sharp reduction of costs, the pattern of competition in the industry has become clear, and the pattern of single crystals in the light markets has evolved.
The market share of the global monocrystal product rose rapidly, from 18% in 2015 to 46% in 2018, and pv quickly completed the replacement of the crystal. Central ring shares were one of the first companies in the country to cut into single crystal silicon silicon silicon, which began to be produced on a large scale as early as 2009 and has significant influence in the global monocrysilic silicon market as of June 2020.
With a single-crystal silicon production capacity of 45gw, the world’s leading single-crystal silicon producer, it is hoped that it will benefit fully from the single-crystal market share. The global market for light-crystal silicon shares displays a pattern of industry in which the central ring shares and the Lungi shares are two of the largest single-crysil silicon producers in the world.
Shares have been growing in size, with two units growing in size more than 10 times in 2014-2020: two single-crystal silicon production capacity of 45gw and 55gw, respectively, by 2020, with a combined share of more than 70 per cent; and Circumpolar capacity is expected to reach 85gw in mid-2021, and Lungi ' s share capacity of 100gw, with a concentration of industry patterns.
Photovoltaic silicon silicon films show a large sized trend, and the drop-in efficiency of silicon silicon size increases are immediately apparent: at the end of silicon and battery manufacturing, production efficiency gains from large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon siliconsates down the unit cost; at the end of a component, the expansion of a single silicon size reduces the swath-to-simple ratio, thereby increasing the efficiency and output power of the components; and at the end of a system, with the enhancement of the power of the component, the number of components decreases accordingly,
In August 2019, the Central Ring shares released a series of g12, cutting solar crystal silicon squares by 12 inches of super-diamond wire, opposite 295 mm.
210 mm long, an increase of 80.5% over m2. The theory suggests that g12 will reduce electricity costs by more than 6%, and that its promotion will accelerate the PV access process and increase the competitiveness of new sources of photovoltaic energy vis-à-vis other forms of energy. As a result, the central ring is not expected to produce energy planning will be dominated by g12. The total production capacity of the central ring crystals is now 45gw and is expected to reach total production by the end of 2020.
52gw, of which g12 products are 19gw, all new production planning for the next three years is g12. By 2023, the ratio of g12 will have risen further to 85gw as the previous stage has been transformed.g12 products have upgraded the entire industrial chain to a completely new platform and are the most effective way to accelerate progress in reducing lcoe.
In addition, g12 (210 mm) is likely to accelerate the replacement of m6 (166 mm) from the end of the device. Adjust the silicon size to 166 mm, which involves only partial equipment adaptation, and the rest of the equipment to be compatible. If the silicon size is raised to 210 mm, the equipment in question will require a new line, which will increase the cost of investment. However, the silicon size will increase the battery.
In the context of component power and reduced single-watt costs, large silicon tablets are already on the trend, with 210-sized equipment producing 166-sized products, while the new 166-sized equipment on the line will be subject to adaptation at a later stage, a factor that prompts many enterprises to abandon the “transition period” and to build a new 210 line directly, with 210 allied forces expanding rapidly.
On November 19th, China Ring shares and the leading home manufacturer of battery chips, Trina, signed a framework for the sale of g12 crystal silicon tablets. In 2021, China Ring shares sold the g12 silicon tablets to Trina, with a total estimated contract value of approximately $6,552 million (about 40% of the 2019).
In addition, the Central Ring industry has been active in the production of photovoltaic components, with a joint venture with Sunpower to set up a ring of lumino-voltaics, which in 2015 was set up by the Central Rings to locate the production of batteries and components, and to introduce a strategic investor in 2016.
In 2017, the Central Ring Replenishment implemented the 5gw Efficient Collapse Solar Cells Project, a 2gw phase. In 2019, the Central Ring was given 40% of the Eastern Rings held by Eastern Electric at $480 million, and 77% of the Rings were controlled and renamed the Rings were luminous.
Tianjin, the layout of the accelerated tiles component project. The tiles are more efficient than conventional components, most of the batteries on the market are more reliable and are future-oriented. The tiles can be compatible with most battery technologies, such as perc, hit, ibc; and the tiles are congested.
With a higher drainage efficiency and a reduction in the percentage of inter-species invalid area, the PV electricity can be further reduced; moreover, the stacking component has a higher mechanical load capacity and is more reliable than the conventional welding component. The central ring is currently actively planning for the stacking group production capacity, which is planned to reach 15gw capacity by the end of next year, and the central ring will be more fully utilized by extending to the photovoltage component area.
In the light-blowing industry, the benefits are high.3 Why do we choose the semiconductor silicon business in the middle ring? (1) Our semiconductor silicon market is growing rapidly and there is a huge gap in national production substitution.
The semiconductor silicon is the core of the semiconductor industry as a vehicle for the production of various semiconductor products. The semiconductor silicon industry is upstream in the industrial chain, providing the basic support for the development of the semiconductor industry. The semiconductor silicon silicon is generally capable of becoming the dominant product in the global silicon market by size.
Since 2014, our semiconductor silicon market has been growing steadily, reaching around $20 billion, with a compound growth rate of 13.74%. At the same time, with China’s mainland chip-making enterprises, such as China Hari International, Yangtze Storage, Huailong Macro, etc.
The demand for semiconductor siliconses will continue to grow as production continues. At present, our silicon production capacity is below 8 inches, leaving a large-scale national production gap for silicons. (2) The competitive pattern is dominated from abroad, with domestic manufacturers such as the Central Ring moving forward and striving to replace national production.
The market pattern for semiconductor silicon is concentrated, with 92% of the world’s top five semiconductor silicon suppliers. According to the global market, the market for semiconductor silicon is highly monopolistic, with a small number of major manufacturers occupying a large majority of the market share and mastering advanced production technologies.
In 2018, the top five global semiconductor silicon sales were Japan’s Shin-etsu, Japan’s sumco, Taiwan’s Global Wafer, Germany’s siltronic, and Korea’s ksksiltron, which together account for more than 90% of the market share. In our market, China’s central ring shares are in the lead in the areas of 8 inches and 12 inches.
Since then, our semiconductor silicon suppliers have mainly produced silicon tablets of 6 inches and below; in recent years, large-scale semiconductor silicon nationalization has become an important strategic goal and direction of our efforts in the field of semiconductors. In 8 inches, the gap between domestic and international advanced levels has been significantly reduced, with many enterprises having productive capacity, such as the Central Ring shares with 500,000 monthly production capacity.
The silicon industry has 300,000 units per month, Zhejiang Kim Ri-su has 220,000 units per month, and the semiconductor has 100,000 units per month. With respect to 12 inches of semiconductor silicon, because of the greater technical difficulties of the core process, only the central ring shares are currently in the semiconductor silicon sector for many years, with a pre-emptive advantage among domestic manufacturers.
The central ring has a prominent market position in the area of regional molten single crystal silicon, which has reached the highest global level. The regional molten single silicon is used mainly for semiconductors of electrical electronic devices such as igbt, which are core components in the fields of high iron, electric cars, electrical equipment, etc., which are currently in the mainstream size of 8 inches due to the characteristics of the zone melting technology. As early as 1978, the central ring began to molten.
Single-crystal silicon is manufactured; in 2011, it took over the country ' s first eight-inch molten single silicon, industrialized in 2016. Currently, 6 inches of molten silicon, 8 inches of silicon are produced, 80,000 inches/month and 50,000 inches/month, respectively, in the middle ring, the world ' s first three region silicon producers, with a wealth of high-quality domestic and foreign customer resources, such as quartz, idiosyncratic semiconductors,
x-fab, Herculessk, battery, Chinese vehicle, China Hari International, etc. With the technical experience and high-quality customer resources accumulated in the area of regional melting monochrystals, the Central Ring will have the opportunity to open up a more demand-driven polishing market and become the ultimate winner of the wave of national production in this wheel and the wave of large silicon.
And silicon production capacity, which is currently at the Tianjin base to achieve an 8 inch polishing capacity of 300,000 per month, Jiangsu base to achieve a capacity of 15 to 200,000 per month, with an expected 8 inch polishing capacity of 1 million per month in 2022. In 12 inches, Jiangsu base is currently operating well on 20,000 monthly test lines, with a projected production capacity of 100,000 per month by the end of the year, with a central ring production capability leading the country.
Insiders. Pre-emptive advantages and barriers to customer resources will be one of the core competitivenesss of the middle ring in the semiconductor silicon sector.
Infinion, China's middle-aged crrc
8 inches of capacity, 450,000 pieces per month, starting in 1978, multi-year technology accumulation, 1 million pieces per month planned for 22 years.
Area Melting "National Team" with 02 skhynix 2 inches per month of test line
xfab 16 years of industrialization, and how does the company work with the Central Ring?
The central ring and tcl are very similar to, business complementary to, and mutually compatible with, industry characteristics. First, the photovoltage, semiconductor material industry has a technology-intensive, capital-intensive, long-cycle character, which is consistent with the semiconductor's industry-based character, and therefore the tclstar is highly similar to the management logic of the central ring; in the past, the central ring was influenced by the system of state corporations.
In the future, with the help of tcl, the tcl is expected to reform its management system and fully release its development dynamics. Secondly, tcl has many identical suppliers, and the technology of their manufacturing processes is highly relevant, so tcl and tcl have operational synergies.
tcl will help the central ring to increase its investment in business and help it develop rapidly in the industry’s climate cycle. The photovoltaic industry benefits from the era of price parity, and downstream aircraft demand continues to flourish; the semiconductor silicon sector is growing in demand for national silicon tablets due to the trend of domestic crystal mills and large silicone home-grown production; and the middle ring double lanes are in the weather cycle and are suitable to expand their business inputs.
To help China to further benefit from the high-speed industrial development dividend, tcl will set up the Tianjin North headquarters, with increased investment in the current level, to speed up the development of its operations in the Kyoto area; tcl will also invest more than 3 billion yuan in Tianjin, and will launch a $10 billion Science and Technology Development Fund with the Sea River to help China expand its operations further.
Through this acquisition and the co-operation of future industries, tcl will form a new, high-quality, center ring-based track for new energy sources and semiconductor materials, with the goal of becoming a new global top1 for new energy materials, a new global top3 for new energy components, and a new global top5 for semiconductor materials for new energy and semiconductor materials.
tclTechnology, semiconductor material track, set up Tianjin North Headquarters.
How much does the middle ring add to the company's performance?
Central ring shares will contribute to a steady annual increase in profits from 2021: Silicon and semiconductor silicon have hundreds of billions of large markets, especially at the end of the silicon. The whole industry is expanding rapidly, and there is plenty of room for future growth. Central ring shares are in high-quality silicon double lanes, and there is a strong competitive edge in the country.
In the future, with the strategic arrangements of tcl for industrial synergies, operational efficiency and financial cost optimization, it is expected that the exhibition space will be opened further, that the competitive advantage will be further highlighted, and that it is expected to evolve into a leading factor in the growth of tcl science and technology performance, five, profit projections, valuation and investment ratings.
Especially in large-scale panels, firms have achieved a 43% increase in real capacity in the first year of the world. At the same time, benefiting from continued improvements in the supply and demand patterns of the panel industry, panel prices are expected to remain strong in the coming year.
In addition, the company has opened a new business of semiconductors and new energy materials through the acquisition of a central ring group. The Chinese ring shares are in a semiconductor, a high-quality dual track for new energy materials, and their competitive advantages are evident in the country, and are now fast-paced and long-term.
Growing to be one of the main engines of growth in tcl’s technology performance. In bits, the company’s depth benefits from a massive increase in the price of the panel and the expansion of its own production capacity, the company’s profitability is expected to rise, and Korea’s plant exit is not as risky as expected.
Fang Jing, a leading business experience in the semiconductor industry for almost five years at Xian University of Electronic Technology, has been familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain of business, and has also been a sponsor of the country's well-known semiconductor business incubation platform, i.e. coffee, and has assisted many semiconductor companies in their early introduction of a third place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the electronics sector of Crystalball in 18/19; and 3/2 in the electronics sector of the Golden Bull Award in 18/19.
Liu Xiaoqing, Master of Arts, Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, familiar with the semiconductor industry chain. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance, Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined Sinda Securities in 2020 for research in the electronics sector.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.