Short-term disturbances are gradually decreasing, operating well, long-term, and China is safe in the first quarter of 2018.
On 26 April, China released its first quarterly report for 2018, in which it realized a return of 25.702 billion yuan, or +11.5 per cent, to the mother; based on the pre-implementation of the revised accounting standards for financial instruments by the insurance subsidiary, the return of the mother ' s net profit is a new business burden for life insurance operations and is expected to continue to grow in nbv throughout the year.
\triangleright Life and Health Insurance Business scale premium ratio +24.9 per cent increase is mainly attributable to renewal premiums, new policy charges, due to the impact of letter 134 and higher returns on bank and trust property, and insurance openings
There has been a decline in the competitiveness of the annuity products. In January-March, the company ' s insurance premium for its new operations was 16.6 per cent compared to 16.6 per cent, and Nbv 7.5 per cent compared to the same period, but the restructuring of the company ' s operations had a significant effect, with a new business value of 30.2 per cent, an increase in the annual Nbv from the same period last year.
Short-term growth of proxy channels, long-term positive growth \triangleright life insurance agents compared to the beginning of the year - 2.4 per cent, the average annual premium per person - 31.4 per cent.
The marketing of products has been more difficult than last year, while average premiums have been lower than last year’s, and the fall in agent income has led to the loss of agents in a quarter. As the country’s population continues to grow in consumption, demand for insurance products will continue to be released, industry development will be more certain, and the number of corporate agents will grow steadily over time.
(a) Good quality of production insurance operations, with investment-end losses +17.8 per cent of the year's income, with non-car insurance + 50.6 per cent of the year's income and accident and health insurance +55.1 per cent of the year's income; or
The ifrs9 standard enhances performance volatility, with a robust investment style of 6.1 per cent with long-term returns attributable mainly to: (1) equity market fluctuations affecting investment performance; and (2) companies taking the lead in the use of equity 9 to raise the number of equity assets with fair value factored into current gains and losses and to increase performance volatility.
The gold score is less than a quarter late, while companies are committed to sound investment concepts, and there is no need to worry too much about the return on the investment end. Banks, capital panels are well developed, financial technology is leading, retail banks continue to operate, and the number of retail customers at the Bank of Peace is higher than 5.3% at the beginning of the year, and retail customer assets are managed at the beginning of the year.
+9.2%, Peacebag Bank Approximately at the top of the stock-based bank; Safe Trust, Safe Securities Management Company performing well as expected, with strong lines of operations. We believe that short-term disruptions at the end of life insurance premiums and investments will not change the value of the company's investments, and it is expected that the sale of guaranteed products will be scaled up gradually in the second quarter, while the investment end will be paid.
1. China ' s peace (601318): Performance, value growth and strength, with the “financial plus technology” advantage highlighting the fact that 1 has not been as fast as expected, 2 and the technology business has not developed as expected.
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, was a member of the Economic Research Institute and the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, which was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.