Peace in China (601318.sh): Quarterly evaluation in 2018. nbv is better than industry.
Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2018, which realized a net profit of $25.702 billion attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders, same as Ma Xiangyun
Rehabilitating the impact of ifrs9 has increased by 32.5% and financial science and technology has continued to contribute to a steady profit. We believe that 11.5% of the company’s book performance in the first quarter of the month, although the lowest in a stock market, is still excellent, mainly because: 1) the company has taken the lead in implementing ifrs9 since 2018, leading to profit statement investments
The return on investment fell to 3.7 per cent (same as the net return on investment), followed by a resilient recovery of the company ' s return on investment if the investment market warms; and 2) the adoption of the original accounting standards (as compared to other a market risk-based enterprises), resulting in a 32.5 per cent increase in the company ' s net profit (ifrs9 impact on the company ' s return on investment) -
To maintain strong growth. Divisions see high performance growth in asset management (trusts, securities, management, etc.), 25.8%, and financial and medical technologies have become stable profit growth points, contributing a net profit of $1,842 million. New insurance premiums for life and health insurance have fallen by 16.6% to $65.93 billion, mainly on a high base and under supervision.
Regulation of product structure, interest rate ups have led to a combination of savings policies (open door-based annuity insurance, etc.) and a decline in gravity, with nbv falling by 7.5% to $19.897 billion. We believe that under nbv we have previously stressed that, despite a gradual decline in premiums, regulation has led to high value sales by life-threatening companies.
A guaranteed policy (long-term health insurance, etc.), product structure optimization will eventually be reflected in a higher value rate and a more robust nbv. We judge that short-term premiums remain under pressure (the downside of the open door affects the stability of agents, and is affected by higher value rates and lower base levels, and the company is expected to grow significantly in nbv throughout the year.
Two core competitive advantages are strong, while retail financial customers continue to grow + technology finance leads to the future. Corporate retail finance has a strong niche: 1) The number of individual clients at the end of the period has increased again by 4.1 to 173 million (up to 29.7%) compared to the beginning of the period, reflecting an increasingly pronounced combination of financial synergies; 3) interconnectivity
The number of Internet users increased by 5.3 per cent to 459 million from the beginning of the period, with applications growing by 6.6 per cent to 394 million, and Internet operations continued to deepen. In science and technology finance, the cumulative number of patents applied by companies at the end of the quarter amounted to 4418, a significant increase of 46 per cent from the beginning of the year.
In the core areas of technology, such as research and development, progress has been made in deepening the use of science and technology finance on the one hand to help companies reduce costs and improve customer experience and the competitiveness of their financial operations, and on the other hand through external sales, 1. China is safe: 2017.
Value poles! Accelerating profits +v High investment proposal: Long-term focus on the insurance sector (consumption escalation ignites guaranteed demand, supply side reforms)
In the short term, however, the premium is expected to remain under pressure (the downside of the door is affecting the agent's stability - high value growth, financial technology, etc.) and is expected to improve from the third quarter. Considering the company's new policy premium and the nbv reduction, it is clear that the price is better than the industry.
A strong increase in value, with a high number of champions, is being multiplied by 2018 pev, and the valuation returns take advantage of the layout opportunities and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Rehabilitating the impact of ifrs9 is a 32.5% increase in comparable performance and a sustained positive net profit. We believe that the 11.5% increase in corporate book performance in the first quarter, although the lowest of a stock listing risk, is still excellent, mainly because: 1) the company has taken the lead in implementing ifrs9 since 2018 (the other three a equity insurers have been delayed as pure insurance companies).
Investment returns will also be resilient; 2) if the original accounting standards are adopted (comparable to other stock listing risks), the net return to the company will increase by 32.5 per cent (ifrs9 will have an impact on the company ' s return on investment of 4850 million yuan); 3) operating profits will grow by 17.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis after the company has eliminated the effects of short-term fluctuations, and will continue to grow robustly in recent years.
The asset management portfolio is growing rapidly, and financial and medical science and technology continue to contribute to a steady profit. According to the branch, the company ' s asset management portfolio (trusts, securities, management, etc.) grew by 25.8% to $4.257 billion, of which the PETF focused on wealth management, and the number of active wealth clients at the end of the quarter amounted to 889 million, a 44 per cent increase.
Advances in the context of the new regulatory framework and the overall transition of the trust industry; the balance between retail and institutional services of safe securities, the growing activity of brokers on the Internet, with an annual increase of 25.9 per cent to 165.8 million active users per day in 2018q1 and the promotion of a higher market share in brokering, with the investment of investments driving the transition (dealing bonds, bonds, funds)
In addition, financial and medical technology has become a steady growth point in corporate profits, with 2018q1 contributing $1.842 billion in net profits (a loss of $120 million over the same period last year), with all core affiliates performing excellently:
Billion dollars, an increase of 5.3 per cent from the beginning of the year; 3) ongoing development of financial institutions and government services, inter-agency well-being doctors: working to build the largest health-care ecosystem in the world, providing online home-based services supported by medical teams and artificial intelligence assistants, and providing multiple lines through collaborative networks
Financial transactions: As of the end of the first quarter, 478 banks and more than 1970 non-banking financial institutions had been provided with one-stop financial and technological solutions, with financial institutions having more than 180 million wind-control queries in one quarter.
Health care and safety technologies: With regard to health care services, the provision of services such as smart control fees and operation has reached more than 200 cities nationwide; with regard to commercial health services, more than 2,200 hospitals are connected; and with regard to personal user services, the “city-to-city” application has been made available in 38 cities.
Automotive homes: The new insurance policy for car survival insurance has fallen by 7.5% as expected, and the higher value rate has released positive signals around the strategy “Car media, car electrics, car finance, car life.” The new policy policy for life insurance and health insurance has fallen by 16.6% to $65.93 billion in the first quarter, mainly on a higher base and new regulations for supervision.
These combined factors, such as restructuring of products, interest rate hikes and the decline in the relative attractiveness of savings insurance policies (open-door-based annuity insurance, etc.), have led to a 7.5% to 19.897 billion dollar drop in nbv. We believe that the nbv downturn is based on a gradual decline in the new policy premium, but a new regulatory shift has been made to focus on high-value sales by life-threatening companies.
Insurance policies (long-term health insurance, etc.), product-structure optimization, will eventually be reflected in higher value rates and higher nbv growth. We judge that there are short-term pressures on new policy premiums (the decline in the opening of doors affects the stability of the agency’s team, the impact of the company’s first quarter and the same base is lower, and the company is expected to grow significantly in nbv throughout the year.
The company's 2018q1 property insurance premium drives the industry-wide premium recovery environment, where the company's share of the market continues to rise and rise at a higher rate, while maintaining excellent combined cost rates (95.9% compared to 2017q1) in the context of the deepening of the insurance costs.
Retail finance cores have a strong competitive edge and clients have continued to grow + synergetic effects. Corporate retail finance has a strong headline: 1) The number of individual clients has increased again by 4.1 to 173 million at the end of the period, and has increased steadily in recent years: (c) the number of Internet users has increased by 5.3 to 459 million over the beginning of the period, reflecting a sharper combination of financial synergies: (c) the number of Internet users has increased by 5.3 to 459 million.
Of these, app users grew by 6.6 to 394 million and Internet operations continued to deepen.