Non-Golden Financial Securities Markets Warm Self-Driving, Light Assets Plus Group Strengths Pending Exploitation Events: Companies Issue Performance Express, 1h23 achieved operating income of $6.184 billion
A quarter of the equity market rebounded, and self-employed earnings increased performance during the reporting period. 1023 million yuan was net revenue from the company ' s own operations, up from 1022 million yuan. The same increase was achieved when the equity market recovered from the return of the quarter, with the company ' s investment of 663 million yuan in 1q23.
32.86% longer. Meanwhile, the gradual reduction of market interest rates in the first half of the year led to an increase in the price of financial assets, a reversal of gains on fair value changes by 873 million, compared to 1022, which helped to hedge risks and optimize risks in the first half of the equity market.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) Division light assets account for 65.56 per cent of operating income. 1h23 is subject to market influence, and investment, management, and wealth management are subject to pressure.
The company reports a steady increase in revenue and a impairment loss of $192 million in operating income for 1q23, a decline of 39.43 per cent from the same year.
Annual Report Review: “Approval increase +h share listings” plus 4 projects of the 1h23 company ipo, of which 3 are master-board projects, 1 is North Certificate Capital, group-level big investment association
Projects, covering industries such as electronic equipment manufacturing, transport equipment manufacturing, chemical products manufacturing, etc. Emerging industries and areas of focus. 1h23 Corporate bond owners are responsible for the scale of sales.
73.661 billion yuan, ranked 15th, covers green bond projects that include integrated environmental governance, new energy generation, etc. (601788), “secondary entrepreneurship” with a significant effect.
The ability to innovate is not to be ignored -- asset management is actively structured to enhance core competitiveness. 1q23 has a net income of $219 million, a decline of 32.82 per cent. This is compared to the first half of the year when the fund was issued.
The total amount entrusted to administer is $36,417 million, with 4q22 in average monthly size. On 19 June, the U.S.A. formally submitted the application for the approval of the Public Fund Administrator to prepare for the transformation of the Public Fund, and the company is expected to rely on the channels of brokering.
Revenues from wealth management operations have declined in the short term as a result of equity market dynamics. Long-term deepening of the transformation.
Models, by the end of 2022, the total number of company clients amounted to 5,385,000. (1) In the case of surrogates, 1h23's equity-type product sales were 55.4 billion yuan, a decline of 11.22 per cent, and solid product sales were 4.5 billion yuan, an increase of 18.42 per cent, compared with the increase of 18.42 per cent.
In relation to the overall performance of the 1h23 equity market, which is less than a solid market, the 1h23 index of 300 depths was doubled in 2022 by the company's online “Gold Sun Butler” fund, the volume of securities contracts increased, and the customer retention rate was maintained at a higher level.
Taken together, self-employment benefits from the recovery of the market and becomes a major driver of corporate performance in the first half of the year; light asset operations are subject to market influence and short-term pressure, but in the longer term they are expected to benefit from the group e-sbu eco-circle strategy, enhancing synergies and resource alignment between operations
Together, to strengthen the profit growth point, especially in view of the integration of its investment and brokering operations. Since late July, pro-capital market policies have been gradually introduced, and it is hoped that they will boost corporate performance as a result of a return to market self-employment.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute an offer or an inquiry into the sale of the securities in question.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.