Profits grew faster and stock risk accelerated - the Shanghai Bank 2019 annual report issued by the company, with key indicators consistent with the performance report: net profit returns increased by 12.55 per cent on a year-on-year basis (formerly).
In the third quarter, there was a 14.59 per cent increase in the same year, with a 13.47 per cent increase in the same year (compared with 19.76 per cent in the previous three quarters). Prior to the provision, profits grew faster and interest differentials increased \triangleright
In 2019, corporate revenues fell by 11 pct compared to the previous three quarters, mainly as a result of narrow exchange rate gains and net interest differentials. As a result of a slower but slower increase in the reserve rate, net profit returns increased by only 3 bp compared to the previous three quarters of the year, mainly because interest-bearing asset yields increased.
This is the main reason. 33.09% of individual loans at the end of q4 and 1.70 pct higher than at the end of q2, with mortgage loans at the end of q2 accelerating stock risk mitigation and asset quality marginal improvement \triangleright
The company has taken the initiative to increase the recognition and write-off of non-performing loans and to speed up inventory risk identification. q4-quarter non-performing loans have an annual chemical rate of 3.08%, an increase of 2.53 pct over q3.
Although q4 end-of-care loans accounted for 1.88 per cent of the total, a small increase of 2bp compared to the end of q3, they are still below the market market comptoirs average.The main risks of consumer loans were concentrated in 2019 because of the tendency of individual operations towards low-risk mortgage loans, and public loans were directed mainly to low-risk real estate, rental and business, with manufacturing dominated by strategic and emerging industries.
Corporate fundamentals are good, capital is good, and the strategy of “retailing is a top priority” is maintained, and asset structures are continuously optimized. I have reduced net interest differentials and volatile asset quality.
Figure 1: The rate of increase in net profit from the Shanghai Bank ' s collection and return to the mother, figure 2: The most recent net return profit of the city ' s comptoirs increased at the same rate (Shanghai 2019), figure 3: cumulative annualized weights of Roe and Roa by banks in Shanghai
Figure 4: Urban comptoirs' most recent cumulative annualized roe comparison (2019 in Shanghai) Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Responsible for research on the direction of banking and non-banking.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.