The year 2021, in the face of external uncertainties, the company has always focused on the growth and stability of its capabilities.
A robust business strategy to ensure the smooth running of global operations through stable and sustained supply chain management. The market value of public circulation (millions of dollars): billions of dollars, an increase of 25.51 per cent. Companies continue to increase their stock levels and effectively respond to industry-wide chips.
Shortfalls, the adverse effects of commodity volatility, supply continuity, healthy growth of industries and a further increase in the share of income from innovative operations by the end of 2021
In 2021, the domestic real estate, education, etc., was subject to significant policy changes, which affected the overall growth of ebg operations; smbg and pbg grew steadily.
Growth 15.09%. Depending on good supply capacity and solid marketing business start-up, the company ' s overseas municipalities accounted for the high performance rating for the year 2021: performance growth in line with expectations and technological innovation as a driver of development.
In the case of smart households, income is 3,948 million yuan, robotics, 2,762 million yuan, thermal imaging, 2,214 million yuan, motor electronics, 1,432 million yuan.
During the first quarter of 2022, the company maintained a steady growth in operating income and continued to enhance its procurement readiness, and the seacombs are expected to be on the market for a full new development. In the first quarter of 2022, the company continued to operate robustly, achieving an operating income of $16,522 million, an increase.
18.11% by length; net return profit of 2,284 million yuan, or 529% by comparison; net profit of 2,210 million yuan, or 9.30% by comparison.
The company provides video-centric smartness networking solutions and big data suits to global users, with full advantages in terms of technology, products and solutions, and has wide scope for future growth.
The new coronary pneumonia epidemic has been repeated; the demand for the digital transformation of enterprises has not released as much as expected; overseas markets have not expanded as expected; innovation has not developed as expected; and industry competition has intensified.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.