Global performance growth and the future of innovative business event: $81,422 million in revenue earned by Heconway in 2021, a year-on-year increase
In the first quarter of 2022, the company achieved operating income of 16,522 million yuan, an increase of 18.11 per cent over the same period; billion yuan, an increase of 9.30 per cent over the same year; the domestic market grew steadily and international operations gradually resumed.
Business needs are based on a hierarchy, encompassing public service (pbg) and business (ebg) and small and medium-sized enterprise (smbg). (1) pbg: realization of business income. Customer users provide system solutions for up to 346 different business scenarios; 14 in 2021.
Total equity/flow (million shares) in the year of the start of the five-year period, government digitized reforms will result in additional incremental demands. (2) ebg: total market value/flow (millions)
Eco-partners work closely together to develop more than 13,000 smart applications. Haekangway sees it as a better response to users’ needs, and has built an enabling platform for smart parks for smart applications and a cloudy enterprise-level saas platform for chain users.
There has been a significant increase in the cumulative use of cloud visions for over 40,000 office premises, 280,000 retail stores, and 60 items, serving 4.16 million community owners and 3.5 million student parents, with cumulative access to 2.5 million equipment terminals. (3) smgg: $13.490 billion in revenues, an increase of 46.49 per cent.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are an important part of the national economy, and according to the Ere advisory data, the market for digital upgrading services for small enterprises was about 330 billion in mid-2022, with a large market space. Companies have developed in parallel with the creation of three major industries, covering the country’s digitalized transition market and deepening branding influence.
On the international market, the recovery of overseas markets from the epidemic has led to a rapid recovery in the company’s offshore ownership, with a revenue of 18,926 million yuan, an increase of 15.09% over the reporting period.
The establishment of 66 branches in the international and Australasia regions to provide innovation to more than 150 countries and territories is a strong dynamic for companies to grow in the future. The company created 66.30% capr during the reporting period. Smart households, robotics, thermal imaging, car electronics in innovative business.
In particular, thermal imaging, auto electronics, robotics and robotics have increased at a rate of 61,89.6%, 118.9%, and 103.3%, respectively, compared to last year’s harvest. The company’s diverse business layouts cover not only a wide range of sub-areas, but also future ones.
Greater scope for growth; it also helps to create good synergies between operations, pushing companies to develop robustly over the long term. 2022q1 performance meets expectations and innovation continues to expand.
With the continuing effects of static management, the shortage of upstream raw materials and higher prices, the company still achieved positive and $1.286 billion in the construction of the Haikang Robotic Products Industrial Base, the Infrared Heat Image Wholes Industrialized Base, the Haikang Robotics Base and the Global Warehousing Logistics Centre project.
As innovation moves into a period of high growth, it will be a powerful boost to corporate performance as a whole. The enormous impact on the economy continues to be a steady growth trend, linked to its insistence on science, technology, innovation, continuous optimization of service systems, and a dynamic deployment of diversified industries.
With the deepening trend in intelligent stock, artificial intelligence, and big data, domestic firms and governments are increasingly demanding a digital transformation, and companies are expected to reap the full dividends of industry growth. In addition, in innovation, companies are expected to be active in expanding production and opening new businesses.
It's a solid growth in overall performance, and it's a future for innovation.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.