Oceanic computers (002415) Rapid growth in performance and dynamic development of innovative business, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: The company achieved business income of $8.142 billion throughout the year for 2021, an increase of 28.2 per cent over the same year; net profit of $16.880 billion for the return to the mother, an increase of 25.5 per cent over the same year; the company ' s net profit from the return and return to the mother grew rapidly throughout the year for 2021, and the Maori rate remained stable.
See, in 2021, corporate revenue grew by 28.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly in innovation and construction operations. At the cost end, sales costs increased by 16.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly because companies continued to increase their investment in domestic and foreign distribution networks; management costs increased by 19.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly in terms of the expansion of corporate operations and people.
Innovative business has flourished and has become an important engine of growth. Since 2015, companies have encouraged in-house staff to innovate entrepreneurship, create in-house innovation and investment systems, and have set up eight innovative businesses.
In 2021, smart households, robotics, thermal imaging, auto electronics, and storage generated more than 1 billion dollars in innovative business and positive returns. In the future, the Department will continue to strengthen collaboration between new business and industry, new business, and joint development.
• Increased investment in research and development, and the development of software and hardware are well-functioning. Companies place great emphasis on technological innovation in the field of smart goods, providing a series of software and hardware products for soft and hard integration, cloud-side integration, bond integration, digital and intellectual integration, and enabling a virtuous interaction in the development of soft and hardware products. Companies continue to increase their investment in research and development.
With the expansion of the R & D workforce, with R & D inputs accounting for more than 10 per cent of business income in 2021, and the number of R & D personnel exceeding 20,000, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same period, companies will build integrated capacities with sustained R & D inputs, maintain technological and product R & D advantages and promote long-term corporate development.
In the next three years, the net return profits will grow at a compound rate of 17.5%. Given that the company is a leading firm in the field of smart assets, it places great emphasis on core technology R & D and new business expansion, continuously improving the global marketing network, expanding the R & D workforce, and is expected to grow significantly in 2022, giving it 2022.
1 Smart Goods Alliance, Inc., Inc., Inc., which develops innovation and continues to work, Heconway was founded in 2001 as a video-centric smartness networking solution and big data service provider, focusing on smartness networking, big data services and smart business, building open cooperative ecology for public service users,
Business and small- and medium-sized enterprise users provide services aimed at building smart cities and digital enterprises that integrate cloud edges, goods and assets, and intelligence. The company embraces the concept of “professionality, solidity, integrity” and embraces the core values of “achieving customers, values, integrity, excellence” and is constantly innovative and constantly developing its multi-dimensional senses, artificial intelligence, and numbers.
The company attaches great importance to core technology research and development and to new business expansion, and continues to increase its investment in research and development. The company attaches great importance to technology research and development, with Hangzhou at its centre, Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan, Xian, Chengdu, Chongqing, Ishijia, Monte, Canada.
Lyle, London, United Kingdom. The company continued to increase its R & D investment, expanding its R & D workforce, investing $8.252 billion in R & D in 2021, an increase of 29.4 per cent over the year, accounting for 10.13 per cent of the year's operating income, and the number of R & D technicians.
Marketing systems. Of these, three support technologies include joint perception technology, artificial intelligence technology and large data technology; five soft and hard products include joint perception products, it base products, platform service products, data service products and application service products; and four systems capabilities include systems design development, systems engineering implementation, systems maintenance management and systems operation services: two business groups.
These include three clusters (public service, business and small and medium-sized enterprise) and eight innovative businesses (intellectual, mobile robotic and machine vision, infrared thermal imaging, auto electronics, intellectual storage, smart fire protection, smart security, smart medicine): two major marketing systems include domestic and international business marketing systems.
The company ' s operations and products are as follows: The company ' s operations cover more than 150 countries and territories around the world, with major events such as the G20 Hang State Summit, the Beijing Olympics, the Shanghai World Expo, the apec Conference, the Kew Garden in London, the Cologne East Asian Art Museum in Germany, the Beijing Da Hing Airport, the Hong Kong Joo Bridge, etc.
The company's clientele were scattered, with five clients selling at $2.76 billion, or 3.4 per cent of the total annual sales, until 2021, and there was no significant dependency on a small number of customers.
Figure 3: Income from the top five clients of the company as a percentage of revenue, down from 80.01 per cent in 2020, mainly from construction work and innovation in the company
Innovative business, such as electronics, accounts for 15.07 per cent of revenue, and innovative business is growing rapidly and is becoming an increasingly important engine of growth in companies as a whole.Māori structures have a higher Māori ratio of company-owned products and services and innovative business, at 49.4 per cent and 40.5 per cent, respectively, in 2021.
Revenue growth has been sustained, with a steady increase in net return to the mother. The combined growth rate of income from company-owned operations in 2017-2021 was 18.1 per cent, mainly due to the company ' s maintaining a robust business strategy to ensure steady growth of its operations. In 2017-2021, income from the company ' s return increased from the same period the previous year. The net interest rate for the company was 21.5 per cent in 2021, which was at the same level as in 2020, with a relatively stable profitability.
Assumption 1: The main products and services of the company are supplied by three types of customers, namely, public services, business enterprises, and small and medium-sized enterprises, for smart goods and digital transformation products and solutions.
Intelligent goods are listed as hardware and software products, and active client outreach is expected to continue with the volume of corporate-owned products and service orders.
By considering the scope of the business, three publicly listed companies were selected as comparable companies for valuation purposes, with an average value of 19 times that of three comparable companies in 2022. The company is a conglomerates of smart goods, actively taking advantage of the opportunities for industrial development, and continues to be active in product R & D and business innovation, and the valuation is expected to be higher than the industry average.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.