Heconway 21 and 1022 are growing steadily, and smart things are opening up a multi-dimensional growth space, electronics and other electronics.
Three major bgs and overseas operations have been steady and increasing their resilience to volatility. Over 21 years, Pbg has achieved 13.39 billion yuan (yoy+46.49 per cent) in smbg operations and 18.9 billion yuan (yoy+15.09 per cent) in overseas operations, with higher rates of growth across the industry if the statistical changes in microfilm operations are eliminated.
Strategies such as supply chain and logistics adjustments have achieved stable product delivery and sustained growth in cycle smoothness. Robots, auto electronics, high growth, and more innovative business. 21 years, corporate innovation generated $12,271 million (yoy+98.9%), smart homes, robotics, thermal imaging, auto electronics, storage.
The net profit is higher than $1 billion for each of the five innovative businesses: robotics expanded rapidly in the area of mobile man and machine visuals, with an increase of 103.26 per cent compared to the previous year; motor electronics focused on products such as video cameras, millimetre-wave radar, based on visual frequency technology, some of which were acquired in the Great Wall, Gilly, and others.
The number of head brands has increased by 118.92% over the same period, including the head brands of Chang An, and the international brands of Volvo, Madheda, Toyota, etc. The location of the smart object conglomerate will drive companies to grow.
With the transformation of head-to-head video technology into a smartness networking solution and a big data service provider, in recent years, the business landscape has been paved with light as a axis, and companies have evolved into a business positioning for “smart goods conglomerates”. 22 years, based on company-related support technologies, soft and hard products, system capabilities, etc.
The tri-quarter review of Heconway — 002415-2021: Accumulation in performance growth, innovation, business organization and marketing systems, multiple lines of business represented by ebg and innovation.
It will grow, driven by the need to upgrade intellectuals in various industries. In October 21, the company reissued its stock, "Haccovight-002415 -- Critical Events Rapid Review: Performance in line with expectations, looking forward to long-term public investment proposals: corporate innovation and ebg growth and development space, maintaining a buy-in rating.
Three Quarterly Reviews: Three Quarterly Reports meet expectations, Entity Figure 2: Corporate Revenue Structure (in billions of yuan) Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and acceleration (in billions, per cent)
Figure 6: Corporate R & D investment (billion yuan, %) Figure 5: Corporate cost (%) Authors ensure that data used in reporting are derived from compliance channels; logic of analysis is based on author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author