The robot was to be removed from the market on 13th of June, 2022.
▪ Event: The company splits the stock holding subsidiary Heicon Robots (60% of the share) to the start-up board.  Fluffyssels have just met, robots will be on the market, and two of the eight major innovations will be on the market for their intrinsic value.
Heikang Motors Electronics, Heikang Weibo, Heikang Smart Storage, Heikang Fire Fire, Heikang Wise Shadow, Heikang Hui Shao, among these eight sub-operations: 1) The Fireflies Network was approved and approved on 7 June 2022, and in 2019-2021, they earned $23.64, 30.79 and 4,238 million, respectively.
In 2019 - 2021, according to the scheme, the sum of $8.52, $15.52, $2.740 billion in the income of the Haikang robot and the net profit of the mother was $0.30, 0.80 and 485 million, respectively. If the break-up was successfully completed, on the one hand, the independence of the asset, its ability to invest in finance, and, on the other hand, the ability to invest in it, the ability to invest in it.
Market competitiveness and the development of innovative capabilities will be further enhanced, thus helping to raise the overall level of future profitability, and companies will have greater margin for profit growth based on equity. On the other hand, and more importantly, two of the company’s eight innovation sub-businesses will be listed successfully, and it will not be ruled out.
Innovative business boards are on the market, providing ample evidence of the company’s strategic vision and ability to incubate new business developments, and are highly undervalued. Markets are now most concerned (or most concerned) about whether companies will be included in the United States Treasury Department.
The sdn list, we don't think too much until things are clear. According to the company's annual report, it is assumed that if the overseas business contribution is not taken into account, according to our calculations, it's expected that in 2022, the nuclear, debris, is the direction, and the channel value is clear.
The net profit is 15.45 billion yuan, fully conservatively estimated at 20 times more than in the short term, and in the long run, customization and fragmentation are the necessary directions for industrial development, and the value of the scarce channels is significantly underestimated.
"Haiconway " (002415): "Hai Convalves: division, division of industry, company growth in perception technology, product hardware, i-video analysis compared to other competitors.
Solutions, for example, are pre-eminent, but the most important differences are from industry understanding and landscape. On the one hand, the marketing network is rooted in a well-developed marketing network capable of sinking to the countryside.
Key to the point; on the other hand, the research and development system is based on the company's move of R & D and technology support resources.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Toshio Securities Co. Ltd. has an investment advisory board.