Performance super-market expectations, leading smart goods to a new future Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) net return of $16.8 billion, an increase of 25.51 per cent over the previous year; net profit of non-retroactive returns
In the first quarter of 2022, companies achieved 16,521 million yuan in operating revenue, a year-on-year increase, performance of supermarket expectations, high-level inventory decisions to guarantee supply stability. In 2021, benefiting companies continued to drive the digital transition with strong supply-chain regulatory capacity, revenue and net profit splits.
Supply chain planning to mitigate supply volatility due to supply constraints and upstream price increases. Thus, corporate q1 still achieves excellent performance, with a growth of 18.11 per cent in revenue and net profit, respectively, and business positioning “smart goods combined” continuously improves its capacity for hard and soft integration.
Accumulated in 2021, the business area of the company was positioned as a “smart object cluster”, based on technology, and committed to the new future of the association of smart goods with product empowerment. R & D investment amounted to $8.252 billion a year, accounting for 10.13 per cent of revenue, with a high proportion of R & D investment.
Highcomb depth report (002415): General access to hardware and software product upgrades. Currently, the company covers a whole series of electromagnetic spectrums and expands different dimensions.
Knowledge, based on three types of support technology (association technology, artificial intelligence technology and big data technology) to provide clients with five types of soft and hard products (associated perception products, IT base products, platform service products, data service products and application service products), as well as four types of system capabilities (system design)
The hardware end, where companies are selling more than 30,000 product models; the software end, where companies are gradually improving their development effectiveness based on a well-developed, unified software architecture.
Adding dimensions such as voice classification, text recognition, data intelligence, etc. will develop the platform ' s capabilities from visual up-to-template; go-live self-learning to facilitate algorithm accuracy; go-live programming platforms, open to low-code for complex applications. By the end of 2021, the ai Open Platform was available.
In 2021, Pbg achieved operating income of 19.161 billion yuan, representing an increase of 19.85 per cent over the previous year, representing the share of income in the country ' s main sector.
Digital reform ushers in a wider market. Pbg business deepens its intellectual base capacity, focusing on “sense, intelligence, data” and building on basic and generic software such as “two pools, three pools, one platform, one environment” to expand its operations in intelligent cities, public safety, transport, urban governance.
In addition, the company has been steadily upgrading its systems engineering capabilities to provide clients with project closed loop security. By 2021, the company had cumulatively provided 346 different scenarios for g-end customers.
Future pbg operations will also continue to sink in the areas of rural revitalization, outbreak control, emergency management, municipal politics, and people’s old-age pensions, and take advantage of new business development opportunities. ebg operations: accelerating the digital transformation of 100% of businesses. 2021, ebg operations.
Realising operating income of 16,629 million yuan, an increase of 12.94 per cent over the same period, representing the share of income in the country's main sector Changes in annual income statistics, ebg operations, if not affected by income statistics on thermal imaging products, increased by approximately 24 per cent in comparison with previous years, in line with expectations.
While the overall growth of ebg operations has been influenced by policy adjustments, the essential demand for machine-to-man, business-to-business mitigation efficiency remains unchanged, and the decentralized downstream of ebg is expected to generate high-speed revenue for companies. In 2021, ebg operations deepened their engineering capabilities and enhanced their overall perception capacity, based on low-codes.
Engines and component technologies create a smart and applied enabling platform that provides business-level saas services based on cloud-eyed platforms and promotes the digital transformation of corporate business in industries such as digital energy, smart manufacturing, intelligent architecture, education and teaching, financial services, digital villages, smart medicine, and intelligent communities.
During the year, Smbg achieved business income of $13.490 billion, an increase of 46.49 per cent, accounting for 26.86 per cent of the principal domestic income and 16.57 per cent of the operating income.
Small and medium-sized enterprise user service platforms and eco-cooperative open platforms to capture fragmentation needs and empower smb clients. In 2021, smbg improved the digital supply chain, opened factory-to-user trade routes, built nearly 10 seacomb nest logistics centres and upgraded supply chain capabilities; and promoted digitalization camps.
In 2021, eight companies created new businesses that combined generated $12,271 million in operating income, an increase of 98.93 per cent over the same period.
In China, fluorescents/robots/heat imaging/car electron/store/other operations contribute to the field of revenue collection, the volume of business income is rapidly increasing, and the fluorescent and robotics are starting to be ready for listing, thus giving new impetus to the company's long-term development.
Cloud access to iot has reached 159 million devices, and a system of smart home hardware products has evolved. In machine-based cases, the company’s new-generation amr architecture platform has been launched and four hardware product series based on the base, and a first-generation low-code application development platform has been developed.
Overseas operations have gradually recovered from the epidemic, pushing a country’s agenda forward. In 2021, the company’s overseas business achieved business income of $21,985 million, an increase of 24.23 per cent, or 27 per cent.
Upgraded marketing and supply chain capacity overseas. By 2021, the company had 23 regional functional centres, 66 sales branches and services abroad, 3 manufacturing plants and 11 logistics centres operating in 155 countries and territories.
To expand the overseas market, which includes building business support capacity on the head office side, building operations and services on the regional side, and deepening local markets on the national side depending on the local context.
We expect that the period from 2022 to 2024 will be 2022, when the epidemic will affect downstream market demand; fluctuations in the cost of upstream raw materials; and new business developments less than expected. Using information on legal compliance, the present report will be presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in the present report will come from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.