Performance meets expectations, SmartAiot builds robust growth, 17 \triangleright, 2022
In 2021, pbg and ebg grew steadily, and smbg grew at a high rate. According to the latest company classification \triangleright rule, the domestic public service pool received 19.161 billion yuan, an increase of 19.85 per cent, compared to 19.85 per cent; and business.
Enterprise ebg income was 16.629 billion yuan, an increase of 12.94 per cent in the same year; SME enterprise smbg income was 1349 million yuan, an increase of 46.49 per cent in the same year; and other major industries revenue was 943 million yuan. If microfiche operations were adjusted, the three major bgs would increase at a higher rate, of which the ebg was the most marked, and the adjustment would increase at a higher rate.
\triangleright billion dollars, or 98.93% more than the previous year, of which more than 1 billion innovative business players increased from two to five, namely, fluorescent, robotics, microfiche, motor electronics, and storage.
Billion dollars, an increase of 15.09 per cent. Against a background of chip shortages and significant price increases in international logistics, companies are well placed to report on their [human computer] high-impact performance: using the advantages of global marketing networks to effectively mobilize supply chains and secure the sale of high-value products.
Performance meets expectations, with urban and rural digital new infrastructure core beneficiaries 2. [Hyconway (002415): Performance adheres to the “Smart Group aiot” strategy and goes beyond security boundaries. Companies insist on technology-based approaches.
\triangleright’s high growth, focusing on accelerating industrial concentration, is a product-enabling effort to lead the way for the new future of smart goods. 254,000 people are currently working on research and development.
A high proportion of R & D inputs contribute to the upgrading of hardware and software products. In terms of specific operations: 1) robotic operations grew by 103.26% over the same period, while a new generation of ar software platforms were launched and machine visual products were extended to 3d product lines; 2) the thermal imaging operations of Haikang continued to optimize products by improving positioning accuracy and widening them.
(c) Automobile electronics increased by 118.92 per cent on a year-on-year basis, focusing on smart driving requirements in passenger and commercial vehicles, doubling the number of new fixed-point projects in passenger vehicles in 2021, with new contracts expected to sell twice as much as at the end of 2020.
Investment Recommendations: A company that is currently among the global technology giants and adapts to the debrisic properties of the alot \triangleright generation through a proactive structural change will be the first to enjoy the red of innovation in many contexts of the age of intelligence
In return, the company ' s projected net return to the mother in 2022-2023 is 18,933 million yuan and 22,413 million yuan, corresponding to less than expected progress in the market for new products and less than expected market entry; methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.