In 2023, the company achieved a revenue of $5,227 million, or +11.21 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $1,581 million, or +5.07 per cent;
The recovery has led to quarterly improvements in corporate income and net profits and to the highest/minimum annual income and profits in 2023: positive growth of the year-on-year. The recovery of 2024q1 basically continued in 2023, with income and net profit returns.
In 2023, the company ' s mlcc product achieved a technological breakthrough and a full measure of 1 micrometer thick membrane.
Production, stacking layers of more than 1,000 layers, product coverage between 0201 and 2220 dimensions of mainstream specifications, with product technology breakthroughs and quality upgrades, company mlcc product market recognition significantly increased, downstream response fields were becoming more widespread. Communications components (income 34.7 per cent) were comparable to 19.18 per cent, mainly subordinated to 19.18 per cent.
The three-ring group is an excellent electronic ceramic platform-type enterprise in the country, with materials, equipment, manufacturing, vertically integrated business layouts that shape the firm's strength.
In the context of the accelerated replacement of electronic components, high-end products have continued to break through and rapidly expand their production patterns, leading to the rapid growth of their mlcc operations.
The company’s growth dynamics are further enhanced by the number of new items, such as machetes, mammoths, and sofc systems. Three rings are the country’s best electronic ceramic platform-type enterprises, and the recovery of short-term downstream demand, competitiveness, and continued expansion of the e-materials are the company’s main growth logic.
Risk of change in demand in downstream industries. Products like mlcc, matrix, pkg, etc. are widely applied downstream and are typical of \triangleright fully competitive industries, characterized by cyclical fluctuations, if downstream industries develop more strongly.
The \triangleright process continues to emerge and downstream products are being updated at a faster pace, requiring companies to increase their autonomy.
Innovative capacity to respond quickly to changes in demand in the market. If firms are not able to keep pace with the rise of new technologies and applications in the future in terms of technology research and development, it may weaken the competitive edge of their products, which in turn could be reflected in the growth of their performance.
Trends and careful choice of customer needs may have a negative impact on the company’s operations if the firm’s R & D direction is biased and fails to meet the needs of lower-visit households. There is a risk that competition in the industry will intensify further.
\triangleright is a multi-generational space, domestic market participants are pouring in and competition is increasing, and enterprises with strong competitive and core technological advantages are emerging in the light of the broad prospects for industrial development and the further opening of domestic capital markets. ]
If firms fail to keep pace with technological developments, adapt their development strategies in a timely manner, and improve the firm’s core competitiveness, they will not be able to gain a favourable position in the future in the fierce competition of markets.
The expansion of \triangleright, the simultaneous growth of company personnel and the increasing complexity of the organizational structure and management system, have provided the company with managerial competencies in the areas of institution-building, organizational design, business management and internal control.
Higher requirements and challenges. If a company’s management capacity is not adapted to the demands of a rapidly expanding company, failure to further develop and refine its talent development, organizational models, and management structures will weaken the company’s competitiveness in the marketplace, thus affecting the company’s performance and potential for future development.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.