Activate the role of the airline host, leading to the upgrading of the relevant industrial chain 28/09/2022: The company issued an announcement on September 26, with its wholly-owned subsidiary Shen Fei and Shen Xin Xinjiang Government, Shen
The Yangtze Group signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement aimed at following up on the Northeast Revitalization and the important deployment of national business reforms to optimize the role of Shen Fei's airline host and supply chain “chain leader” to lead the air industry chain and supply chain excellence, drawing on the relevant comparative resources of the Shenfe New Zone Government and Shenyang Air Products Group
The company is one of the suppliers of our air defence equipment, with deep technological reserves and excellent benefits.
Management systems. In terms of efficiency management, in 2017-2021, the lifetime cost of the company continued to decline from 5.6 per cent to 3.6 per cent, with significant management effectiveness; in terms of the industrial chain layout, the company acquired the first half of the year to build, build, repair and integrate the air industry chain, participate in the China-China electronic plan, etc.
Yoon Cao Wei, the defense equipment industry chain is improving. This Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement has been signed to enable the company to play its full role as host company and supply chain leader, while drawing on the policy resources of the government of the new Shenbei District.
The source advantage and the function of the municipal state-owned enterprise platform of the Shenyang Shipping Group, or it is expected that the company’s research assistant will lead to the company’s industry’s co-ordinated project development or contribute to improving the quality and efficiency of the supply chain.
s010122023 The Shen-e-Seong Government and Shen-yang Air Products Group will work together to advance the first priority projects of re-processing, titanium alloying and enrichment, and the Shen-yang Air Smart Production Base, and will invest in the field of aviation and space.
It is expected that more projects will be built and brought to the ground. China-China Shen Fei and its related industries, Zhao Bo-hung, research assistant, may benefit from this, and it is recommended that attention be paid to: 1) the material category: Chinese high-altitude, photo-feed material, Chinese-sense technology, West.
Superconductor, titanium shares, Western materials, Shunte steel, Lunda shares, Steel Research Gona, Tonan shares, Qin Qin technology, Chujiang, etc.) Structured: China Heavy Vehicle, Space Technology, Pike New Material, Triangular Defence, Eleta, Xin Lit; 3) Onboard systems and accessories: China Electric, China Air Electric, China Electric Power, China Light Power, etc.)
Space appliance, all-China shares, North Mogau, 712, Sichuan, Kyushu, etc.; 4) Engines: Aerodynamics, 1. China Air Shen Fei (600760/sh) mid-2022: Flight Control, Air Asia Technology, etc. We believe that we benefit from the company's supply chain “chain lengths” and the airline masters.
1h22 Performance growth is robust; building and building integrated aviation will lead to the continuous optimization of related industrial chains; on the other hand, industrial chains are optimized to some extent 2022/09/01
It is also conducive to improving the quality and efficiency of the packages, which may eventually lead to mutually beneficial co-benefits. Investment proposal: the company is one of the suppliers of the entire aircraft of the country's aviation equipment. During the “14th Five-Fifteen” period, the company evaluates: 1q22 performances open; the layout works on the integrated navigation.
Air industry chain 2022/05/04 Aerial defence equipment accelerates over time, civil aviation product operations continue to develop steadily, research/building/repair integration 3. China Air Shen Fei (600760/sh) annual report 2021:
The industry chain continues to improve, adding to the potential future clustering effect of this strategic agreement, corporate performance, core asset attributes of the chain, 1q22 high growth in response to research findings, methodology and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.