1h22 performance growth was robust; the construction and renovation of the integrated aviation industry chain was increased on 01/09/2022, resulting in a credit loss of $190 million, an increase of $120 million over the same period last year.
Increased cost-control capacity; acquisition of a post-maintenance market for the guirouted aircraft. Cost-side, company \triangleright Yoon Cao Wei
Interest income increased. With regard to equity investments, in the first half of the year, companies acquired the post-maintenance market for the Quirouté aircraft, research assistants were well-inflicted Replenished Lines Company, but gave up priority on the same scale (subsequently no longer listed), and participated in the China-China electronic build-up plan.
The acquisition of the company's air defence equipment is an important part of the company's industrial chain.
Research assistant Zhao Bo-hoon confirmed income during the period; 5) net cash flow from operating activities - $7.49 billion, corresponding to $28.9 billion last year, mainly 1.
In addition, in July of this year, the controlling shareholder, acting in concert, held a public rating for the increase in the number of mid-flight securities: 1q22 performances; the layout of the Integrated Air Transport Division, approximately $62.9 million, or an indication of confidence in the company’s future development.
Investment proposal: The company is one of the suppliers of our aviation equipment, with a deep technical reserve and 2. China Air Shen Fei (600760.sh) 2021 annual report: excellent and efficient management system. During the “14th Five” period, the company's air defence equipment was accelerated over time, with civilian flights.
The core asset attributes of the industrial chain are prominent, with a high growth of 1q22 opening up the door to 2022/03/30. The business of air products continues to grow steadily, and the integrated industrial chain is being developed/built/repaired.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and whose findings have not been received, directly or indirectly, by reason of, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.