Events: TclT issued its 2024 semi-annual report on the evening of August 26, 2024, tcl Section in the first half of 2024.
During the first half of \triangleright \triangleright, the company semiconductor showed business income of 49.877 billion yuan, an increase of 40.39 per cent over the same period.
Net profits of 2,696 million yuan, an improvement of 6,145 million yuan over the previous year, of which 2q24 earned 2,157 million yuan, a rise of 300.19 per cent in the ring, and continued optimization of the business and product structure, mainly as a result of the company ' s advantages in terms of size and efficiency, while rising prices for major products led to a significant improvement in performance.
Taking advantage of the manufacturing efficiency and process advantages of g8.5 and g11, the average size of the 24h1 company ' s television panel business grew by 1.2 inches over the same period of the year, maintaining its share advantage in the large-size area. 2) Medium-sized area: the company ' s intensive collaboration with new business clients, such as IT and vehicle vehicles, t9 lines of product development and branding as planned
Home import, igzo Oxygen product output, 6 generations of ltps line accelerated product structural upgrading, and LEE Xiaoqing package was enriched. 3) Small-scale area: 24h1 company ltps has the second largest volume of mobile panels in the world.
In addition, the company was involved in a bid for 70% and 100% of the stock of LG Guangzhou and was identified as a preferred buyer for this share, such as a final deal.
The deal is that tcl-Star will further enrich the semiconductor display of production-line technology, and industry concentration will increase further. 24-year-old Quarterly Review: Show business entering a new phase of profitability, tcl middle-cycle performance pressure and wait for the industry to warm.
Photovoltage terminals have maintained a steady upward trend, but the production capacity of the manufacturing links in the PV chain has been rapidly released, supply and demand has increased, short-term competition games have intensified, up to 24q2, price and cost reversals across the main industrial chain, net profit losses, cash cost losses at the end of June, and industry at the bottom of the cycle.
Technological innovation, which consolidates the technological preponderance of g12 and n-type photovoltaic materials, continues to promote mitigation efficiency and relative competitiveness. Companies create comparative competitive advantages through technological innovation and precision manufacturing, and continue to promote business improvements in silicon use rates, start-up costs, unit kilograms, etc., and drive the industry-n-size transition.
24h1 has increased its photovoltaic monocrystal capacity to 190gw, with products from photovoltaic materials reaching about 62gw, an increase of 18.3 per cent over the same period, with silicon complexes accounting for 23.5 per cent of the industry's top industry; N-type markets accounting for 42 per cent of sales, maintaining a “recommended” rating compared to the leading industry voice and photovoltaic business with a global display of champions.
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.